Marisa (Mawisa): I'm not sure what to do for tonight. New Years is a super family oriented holiday here and literally everywhere is closed. There's a big street party in Shibuya but I don't drink and that's far from my house so when the trains stop running after midnight I'd be stuck there until ~6am. I'm debating going to the big shrine nearby, but the internet says it gets 3 million visitors for New Years. I was already jostled around all day at comiket. Do I stay in and do nothing or do I go out in the freezing cold to be jostled by more strangers in celebration. hmMMm.
Half of me is saying "do it for the experience" and the other half is like "ew why"
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oof tough call, if it was me I'd def stay in but that just how I be
Marisa (Mawisa): That’s how I felt for the last 4 hours but now I’m like “ehhhh yolo”
I’m not doing anything else anyway and I have no other way to celebrate. At worst I just walk back home.
Marisa (Mawisa): If I enter from the back instead of the front gate maybe there’ll be less crowds. A lot of people are getting lined up for hatsumode but I’m going to pass on that for now.
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm watching a live camera feed of the place and i actually don't think it's possible to get in through the front anymore. line looks too long and i hear they block off nakamise street so people don't cut in line.
Jess (whoozica): Damn
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Stay in
Marisa (Mawisa): *but i put on my hat*
Jess (whoozica): Yes
Marisa (Mawisa): look it doesn't seem too bad. like the same as comiket.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh1UcGFBIuFo5I-I1WMyclA/live
Marisa (Mawisa): twitter says they've got chocolate banana yatai, $3 each
Jess (whoozica): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Marisa (Mawisa): in trying to bundle up i'm making myself look like a stalker
Tom (tomukuncosplay): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Marisa (Mawisa): I have severely underestimated how many of these people would be absolutely hammered
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Hope boooi
Marisa (Mawisa): I did it!!
Marisa (Mawisa): It was absolutely horrifying and I legitimately almost got crushed to death
Marisa (Mawisa): But I did it!
Marisa (Mawisa): The internet wasn’t working but I left after midnight. Almost died but somehow made it out.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Congrats!
Tom (tomukuncosplay): WOOOO
Mark (Mad Doctor): Happy New Year!
Marisa (Mawisa): Back to my street that isn’t packed and crowded with drunks. Yay
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): One of my former students (and a cosplayer/astrophysics major, no less) was also at Shibuya last night!
Tom (tomukuncosplay): oh wow!
Jess (whoozica): tfw your bosses leave cuz they wanna go home early for the holiday but dont extend the privilege tot he rest of us 🙄
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): https://thumbs.gfycat.com/WarlikeSourChupacabra-size_restricted.gif
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's annoying
Jess (whoozica): Oh we are getting out at 3 yay
