Rebecca (madameterralupus): Can it be the weekend yet?!? This week has been just hella rough D:
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yo i feel you, i thought yesterday was thursday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was extremely upset when i was told theres still two days of work before the weekend
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I had the same thing happen on Tuesday. I was at work and I got all excited cause I was Iike ooh the weekend if soon! And then I realized it was still the beginning of the week 😫
Jess (whoozica): yeaaa i did that too 😦 yesterday felt like friday 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm glad I am not the only one who has had this week messed up in my head lol. 
It's felt like the week has dragged on D:
ZombieHunter: Why
ZombieHunter: Why are people so weird on IG
ZombieHunter: like I think someone legit unfollowed Casey (not mangoloo. Other Casey) for holding a cigarette in a photo shoot
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmfao wow
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I have referred to them as the 'unintelligent masses' once already today.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Fame is overrated.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): as is follower counts and then things that come with it.
ZombieHunter: it was a life is strange shoot
ZombieHunter: people who have to announce their dislike and opinion are either idiots or reaaaaaaaally like attention....
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof that’s too true...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeee
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I highly dislike people that do that. Like...okay edge lords calm down. You’re not any cooler because you voice your high dislike for something 

Like it’s okay to dislike something or somebody but people who parade it around all the damn time need to calm down.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I remember joining a live stream of Washington after the election. Hundreds of people writing paragraphs of their opinions and thoughts and hate for the other side. Meanwhile, a thousand comments got posted and the conversation is lost.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And not a single person read anyone else opinions.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It was hilarious.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): My favorite part was how much they sounded like meme posts, but they were being serious.
Erik (slendergiant): I just saw it. It sucks that their uncle died of lung cancer, but like... that's not relevant to the post...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): lmao i just saw it too, thats so rude
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): why feel the need to comment. like bro, just unfollow silently
Jess (whoozica): seriously wtf
Jess (whoozica): like fr? its not even lit? like???
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I don’t understand people sometimes. If it’s that much of an issue, silently unfollow. It’s not that hard.
Georgia (Something Sensible): LOL WUT I JUST SAW IT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Some people have no filter when it comes to to typing/saying what they think. It's like they think it, don't even process it, just let it out. Like okay ummm
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Seriously
Rebecca (madameterralupus): > gets on Facebook to see what's new while on break at work 
> sees family arguing politics and religion...
> welp so much for that nice relaxing social media check up 🙃
Matt (mattmyers25): So my basement at work where my desk is may have mold. One girl may of gotten sick from it and I always feel like crap when I work down there
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yikes...is there a way to get it fixed at all or won’t they do anything about it?
Matt (mattmyers25): Probably wont do anything about it because they are cheap
Matt (mattmyers25): But yet we have 10 boxes full of wine in the room next door
