Georgia (Something Sensible): Ouch the guy that i did that Pyrrha commission for just broke it off with his girlfriend
Georgia (Something Sensible): He dropped 500 on her OUCH
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mean it doesnt affect me as far as like... financially cause we had squared away all the payments
Georgia (Something Sensible): but STILL
Matt (mattmyers25): Damn. That sucks and no returns I assume
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah otherwise im +1 pyrrha cosplay i dont need and -400 bucks
you want fucking rwby chibi?: _oof_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes! So he already got the costume from you and paid for it all?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Y I K E S
Georgia (Something Sensible): yuuuup
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Welp at least you're  it stuck with the costume in your hands and got your money for it. That sucks though on his part that he paid all that for it and having to end things before giving it to her ðŸ˜¦
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): ~~he can just wear it instead~~
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): ~~also anybody ever just wind up like 50 minutes into a drive in a state you dont live in~~
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): ~~I'm glad that somehow became a hyper linkable address
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): <@227431823062466569> hmm good idea I hate bullying and for no reason too
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Rip the pyrrha
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So ya'll know that story of King Midas who everything he touched, it turns to gold...? I think I'm the opposite. Where everything I touch breaks or get ruined D:
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Nooo hunnie
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): 
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): You are amazing shh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): In short: My phone is having issues connecting to charge again. Idk if it's the phone, cord or what... pretty sure it's the phone cause I tried 3 cords and 2 different ways of charging. It won't keep a charge or stay connected... ~~This suck so much too cause I'm like oh! I'll do this why I just sit around but then recall I need my phone and it's dead D: ~~
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): :< can you take it to your cell provider? Maybe it's the battery itself or something in the port
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I'm sorry
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Idk what it is...Like last time It did this it fixed itself somehow? I'm scared to take it to apple store in case they charge to fix it. My provider won't do shit, they'll say to take it to apple..
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): You can possibly talk to apple support chats? I know they have online support and see if they will charge
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Matt looked some stuff up to help but everything he found said to do what I already tried D:
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): :[ I'm sorry
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So my mom just found out that the "mandatory meeting" that the upper management at her job had last week, leaving them short staffed and thus unable to really do their jobs, turned out to be a Christmas party. She is L I V I D
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And honestly I'm pissed for her too. That's some fucked up shit
Jess (whoozica): Wow WTF whar does your mom do?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): She works with special needs adults taking them out to fo activities of volunteer in the community. But, they need a certain number of staff to do that and if they don't, I think they have to do stuff inside their various facilities (thus defeating the point of their mission to get these people out in the community)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Basically she babysits special needs adults and their supposed to be out in the community doing stuff
Jess (whoozica): Oh ok yea my sister in law used to do that. That's BS about the party though
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah, it was supposed to be a "mandatory meeting" which typically implies something important needs to be discussed or extra training so they can better serve the rest of the company. No, they had a Christmas party and had, as my mom put it, either the balls or the stupidity to post pictures on their Facebook page
Jess (whoozica): Wow that's fucking messed up, I'm pissed for her too!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I told her she should comment "Wow, looks like you guys had a great meeting!" and she was like,  "It's tempting. People usually know me for being passive aggressive, but usually for the good of the whole company. That would just be for the good of the bottom half of the company"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): She hates her job too. They've gone through a lot of management changes in recent years and the company has been going to shit
Jess (whoozica): ðŸ˜­
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): That's unfortunate, I love the idea of people working to help special needs people get out and have fun, especially for adults cause they usually don't get as much attention as younger people with disabilities
Mark (Mad Doctor): When management pulls stuff like that, it's never a good sign for the health of the company
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I really wish some of ya'll lived closer cause I am loosing my shit at my house currently...
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): ðŸ˜£ I get off work at 3:30 tomorrow if you wanna come down and hang out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I would love to but sadly a bit far for me with having work this week. As much as my brother annoys me I'm tempted to see if he'll let me crash at his place for the next few days... ðŸ˜¦
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I hope things work out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thanks ðŸ˜¦ â¤
