Marisa (Weeb): That repost Instagram that I mimic’d on Evie’s post is now commenting on my posts. This is divine retribution.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oh boy..
Mark (Mad Doctor): 3/6 students who signed up for the Potterfest trip bailed this morning. Angry Ozpin.
Mark (Mad Doctor): And upside down Ozpin
Georgia (Something Sensible): How DARE they
Erik (slendergiant): Side note, Oz looks good with a goatee 👌🏻
Mark (Mad Doctor): "Boo hoo. I have schoolwork"

Heh. Hipster Oz
Erik (slendergiant): Chestnut Hill won their first match 🙌🏻
Erik (slendergiant): I FUCKING HATE BEING TOO NICE
Erik (slendergiant): Got guilted into making a monthly pledge to a charity
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~should have stepped in as the not nice one so you didn't lose monies lol~~
Jess (whoozica): I feel you, that stuff hard for me too.
Erik (slendergiant): I don't know how to interact when people stop me for stuff so I panic and just comply
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You just act like you don't hear them. Keep walking.
Erik (slendergiant): So I have to figure out how to cancel my $20/mo donation to this thing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hopefully ya figure it out :/
Jess (whoozica): Yea i know what you mean, like usually I can walk past but sometimes the catch me off guard and I'm like "shit". Hopefully it won't be hard to cancel ~~just be prepared to deal with more guilt tripping if you have to call them~~
Erik (slendergiant): Like I'll gladly make a one-time donation online, but please don't make me enter my credit card info in public for a monthly pledge
Jess (whoozica): 😭 I'm sorry that happened to you! I know how extremely awkward it can be
Tom (tomukuncosplay): YEAH ERIC I FEEL YA
Tom (tomukuncosplay): SAME
Georgia (Something Sensible): One time someone asked me to donate to a leukemia fund while I was rushing to class and I just blurted out “I need to get my Dunkin though”
Tom (tomukuncosplay): hahahaagha
Tom (tomukuncosplay): legend
Georgia (Something Sensible): So at work, when dealerships move cars between each other, they use transporters, which are the people that drive the big trucks
Georgia (Something Sensible): For the last hour, this transporter guy has been waiting, cause the employee that needs to process the paperwork is busy
Georgia (Something Sensible): This transporter looks like he’s a Santa for the holidays tbh
Georgia (Something Sensible): So I’m working with just this sad Santa guy sitting here waiting for like an hour
Georgia (Something Sensible): My inner child is like, dying
Jess (whoozica): Lmao
Tom (tomukuncosplay): omgggg
