Rebecca (madameterralupus): So I love my job but dammit I need a raise. I'm constantly told I'm the only one who can do stuff right and I'm my main bosses "favorite" but I've been there since May and never have gotten a raise or like 90 day review. I'm making less than I was at my old job too... And like I thought of taking up another position (like a framer) in the store that makes a bit more but I'd have to learn some stuff first and my boss doesn't seem to want me stuck in those areas much since I am really good/fast at the stuff on the floor (like stocking and redoing shelving set ups). 😫 I know I should ask her about hey when do we get raises but ehh I've always been too scared to do that...
Jess (whoozica): is your boss nice?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Absolutely, she's very nice.
Jess (whoozica): that makes it alot easier at least! you should ask to talk to her in private one day
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like I enjoy it I just feel I need a rise cause I do so much and sometimes I do more than the other people in my position. Like I've even done stuff managers are technically to do XD
Jess (whoozica): YEA bring that all up but like politely and def mention that you like your job!
Mark (Mad Doctor): As long as you are polite about it, I don't think you have reason to be worried.  You can tell her how you enjoy the work and want to remain employed there, but you would like clarity about when your commitment to the company will be formally recognized.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hmm true, all of this sounds good. I will have to make a note of it all to bring up in a convo at some point. 
I just get so scared of saying something wrong that can make something go weird XD
Jess (whoozica): we be leaf in u
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🍃 thank you friend~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I may also see though about becoming a framer but only working that dept when desperately needed since we might only have 1 soon lol~~
Jess (whoozica): totally read that as farmer
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol here at AC Moore's we grow all our products. Currently it's ornament picking season from the orchard
Jess (whoozica): OMG 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Within the first 20min of class today my prof brought up both the topics of trump and abortion and now I’m sitting here SEETHING planning half the classes murder 👿
Jess (whoozica): oh fuck
Jess (whoozica): time for me to catch up on current events and get made too
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~there’s conservatives at UD?~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): ~~yes but I don’t go to UD~~
Jess (whoozica): opp ive read like 2 paragraphs and now im mad too.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Why’d you do that to yourself
Jess (whoozica): ~~good question~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~there’s other colleges in Delaware besides UD? Jkjk~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): UD really slurps up Newark tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): I also feel like it slurps up the rest of Delaware, especially cause it was ranked I believe the nicest college in the south???
Georgia (Something Sensible): I mean I hear the argument for Maryland being south, but hmmmm Delaware........ not quite
Jess (whoozica): DE is considered the south?
Georgia (Something Sensible): On some college ranking lists, apparently!
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s also the 5th? biggest party school
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thanks Princeton Review
Jess (whoozica): what number 1?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think U South Carolina
Georgia (Something Sensible): They celebrate with couch burnings so...
Jess (whoozica): WOW
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye I took a sociology of college course my freshman year
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s why I’m surprised UD has a decent number of conservatives
Georgia (Something Sensible): A lot of party schools are usually blatantly liberally dominated
Jess (whoozica): nah conservatives like to party too
Georgia (Something Sensible): Usually that’s cause they state skools tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): I mean
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i been to redneck parties_
Jess (whoozica): ~~support parties, not political parties~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Jess make a T-shirt line with that lmao
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I would 100% buy that shirt Jess
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Also while UD is mostly very liberal there is still a small population that’s pretty conservative. At least is my experience a lot of the profs were much older and there’s ALOT of exchange students
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): And I didn’t really think UD was that big of a party school until I’m Shmaked came through the end of my freshman year. I have never in my life seen a higher concentration of drunk college students in one place at one time. It was actually a little scary
Jess (whoozica): *google im shmaked cuz i have no idea what that is*
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mood
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): It’s a group of ppl that document college parties
Georgia (Something Sensible): Rutgers parties too but only on one mini campus outta four so we not party school material
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): They tweet out a list of colleges they plan on “touring” every year and then video and interview fucked up ppl at parties
Jess (whoozica): that sounds scawy
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): When they came to Delaware over 4000 ppl showed up at the party, over 50 were arrested because when the cops came the party goers flooded the streets of Newark, started a small riot and flipped a cop car
Jess (whoozica): AHHH
Georgia (Something Sensible): And they’re only number 5 LOL
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): YUP
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Also at this point in time UD wasn’t even considered on the list of party schools
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): This event literally put UD on the map 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): O wow #1 is Tulane
Jess (whoozica): i cant even find their video of it on youtube
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’m pretty sure the group was debanded because of so many lawsuits they were connected to. This documentary group caused ALOT of issues in colleges throughout the US
Jess (whoozica): yea ill say lol
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): They’re the reason rugby is banned at UD because it was the rugby house that held the party
Georgia (Something Sensible): Colleges don’t wanna own up to being a party school but they know that ranking attracts students
Georgia (Something Sensible): So most do some really big publicity thing to punish partners
Georgia (Something Sensible): When in reality they often look the other away
Jess (whoozica): OMG in the first 30 second of the ESU one u can see kids drinking out of wawa and dunkin cups and i find that v. entertaining
Halim (Greg) (jake): Ud was ranked #1 this past year I thought
Jess (whoozica): all the new videos have the caption"No alcohol or illegal substance is used during filming, just pr" <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Maybe the 2018 list
Georgia (Something Sensible): 2017 they were 6
Halim (Greg) (jake): Yeah we reclaimed #1 based on the 2017-18 year
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): YUP
Jess (whoozica): oo my friend used to go to WVU
Georgia (Something Sensible): only 18k?
Halim (Greg) (jake): We also ranked #1 in like binge drinking and hard liquor consumed
Jess (whoozica): oof
Jess (whoozica): suddenly not regretting only going to community
Halim (Greg) (jake): "No. 1 on Lots of Hard Liquor
No. 1 on Lots of Greek Life
No. 9 on Lots of Beer
No. 11 on Students Who Study th" Least c
Georgia (Something Sensible): I almost applied to UD 🤔 I would not have fit in the party scene lolol
Jess (whoozica): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Halim (Greg) (jake): You would have liked the honors group a lot
Halim (Greg) (jake): So many of them are weeb/video game trash
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah that honors dorm was pretty swanky
Georgia (Something Sensible): And the proximity to food too
Georgia (Something Sensible): Both very sweet
Halim (Greg) (jake): We do have a much nicer campus
Georgia (Something Sensible): _rutgers is ugly I am actually jealous_
Georgia (Something Sensible): Rutgers is top 20 something for physics tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think UD is more like 50
Halim (Greg) (jake): I believe 49?
Halim (Greg) (jake): Or it was my freshman year lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): What come after 49 😏
Georgia (Something Sensible): 50
Georgia (Something Sensible): My estimate stands
Georgia (Something Sensible): Rutgers is 26 I think
Georgia (Something Sensible): Poli sci is garbage tho
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I vaguely remember rowan being on a list for party school. Think it may have been Jersey tier.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I know I’m scmacked came to Rowan one year. I read about it on yikyak. #throwbacks
Jess (whoozica): can someone answer a really stupid question for me?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): No stupid questions.
Jess (whoozica): is penn state the same as university of Pennsylvania ?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Lol no
Georgia (Something Sensible): Penn state is party
Jess (whoozica): see she laugh at me its a dumb question
Georgia (Something Sensible): UPenn is Ivy League
Jess (whoozica): ooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): No it’s not dumb they’re just COMPLETE opposites
Georgia (Something Sensible): So the question was funny lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): Every partier in my high school went to penn state
Georgia (Something Sensible): My cousin who won 10k for an invention went to UPenm
Jess (whoozica): i ony looked at like 3 colleges before realizing it wasn't gonna happen so i know like nothing about colleges
Jess (whoozica): i just know that all my friends from county went to montclair
Georgia (Something Sensible): I don’t know much beyond my college search either
Jess (whoozica): I looked at like Marywood, PCAD, annndd TCNJ?
Jess (whoozica): maybe? i dont even remeber i only toured pcad
Jess (whoozica): Rutgers is 45 on this list but idk whats the official ranking, i think this is for the whole world thou:
Jess (whoozica): https://thebestschools.org/rankings/best-physics-programs-in-world-today/
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye #50 out of all the universities in the world is pretty good lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): 28 outta American schools YEET
Georgia (Something Sensible): Allegedly the undergrad alone is ranked #4 and this ranking includes undergrad/grad
Jess (whoozica): oo neato
Matt (mattmyers25): I may have another job interview lined up
Rebecca (madameterralupus): How did the other one go?
Matt (mattmyers25): Really good. It last an hour and 15
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m so livid right now.
So I had my weekly verification on my vault today. The brown noser at work is the one who counted me and counted wrong. I found her error after my weekly verification. 

I get brought into the managers office to discuss what to do since she already wrote everything and I took the difference and I get accused of fudging my totals 🙃
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 3 more fucking weeks til I move out of my house and hopefully transfer to a different branch
Matt (mattmyers25): Which branch are you moving to?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Idk I’m gonna be a floater
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Until a position opens up
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But I’ll be the hell out of there
