meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): 😑 when someone breaks that unspoken rule in college and changes seats 😑
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~kill them~~
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): how dare
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I just might
Marisa (Weeb): THAT IS ILLEGAL THEY CAN'T DO THAT
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I'll go re enroll to collage right now and change seats every class
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Don’t you fucking dare
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I like sitting in the back with no one around me so I can sit in silence and speak to NO ONE
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): And this fucker sat next to me
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Sir I’m sorry i don’t socialize
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): ~~change seats~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): …class already started or I would
Marisa (Weeb): don't let that stop you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): don't let your dreams be dreams. just stand up, do the chicken dance, and then sit down in a new seat in the middle of lecture
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I mean but like not THAT mean
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): HE TOOK HIS FUCKING SHOES OFF
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): we’re in class and not only did he change seats but now he’s sitting next to me with his STINKY ASS FEET OUT
Jess (whoozica): WHAT
Jess (whoozica): NASTY
Erik (slendergiant): WTF?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’m starting to debate on how worth the last 30min of my class is
Jess (whoozica): email the teacher and be like "sorry i had to leave early cuz ____'s feet were making it impossible to focus
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I JUST MIGHT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O.o I don't get why some people get overly comfy in class like they are at home... Ya ain't other people are around >.<
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): What the fuck thats disgusting
ZombieHunter: <@288513265661902858>
ZombieHunter: Kato is weird as fuck
ZombieHunter: He’s an issue in Casey’s server. I’m gonna talk to jake
ZombieHunter: Okay so I’m catching up. Kato Drakstar is on the spectrum. He messaged someone how he wanted her as his phone background and asks for IG story original photos (no text messages over it)
ZombieHunter: If you guys have issues with him, if you’re in the LMvosplays server, it’s likely how he found you
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I figured. 
He’s just more annoying to me
ZombieHunter: If you have any problems, let us know. We’ve talked to him before and can do it again
ZombieHunter: <@!229713389511901185>  <@!245270932602486784>  <@288513265661902858>  permission to share to Casey’s mod/Admin team?
ZombieHunter: 
ZombieHunter: It’s just to keep an eye on his behavior. Like I said I’m asking first on it before doing anything.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Sure go ahead. 
I just feel bad because like...I don’t want to think like that, and I know why they are the way they are but my personality doesn’t mix well with theirs.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And it’s like that with some people I know. Like that person I basically forced myself to hang out with the other weekend. I don’t hate him, but my personality doesn’t mix well with his.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Some older woman sat down in another seat of the train. She stood up, turned around, and sat in the seat next to me.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m... concerned?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): HOW DARE
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Is this how I die?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Context, train is EMPTY right now.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Get up and move seats?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Nah, I’m on the inside and it’s a three seat wide seat.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s not like I’m bothered by her sitting there. Someone would have before the train departed.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s just weird how she seemed to decide to sit near me... specifically.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Maybe she was lonely?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hasn’t talked to me, is reading her paper, and I have big headphones on.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Like? I doubt I look chatty. Certainly less so than the few others here.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s weird man.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Lmao
