Jess (whoozica): i hate when people ask me to do something for then, come back 10 mins later, and ask if its done
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): well?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Did you do it?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm waiting.
Jess (whoozica): especially when i say "im not sure, but dont worry, ill figure it out"
Jess (whoozica): like umm i had no time to figure it out yet
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Might I suggest
Mark (Mad Doctor): Can I just say how much I hate anxiety and depression? Yesterday we had to withdraw Audrey from the school which she has been attending since she was a few months old. While the school did not  cause her depression, the bullying she received left her with a pattern of self destrctive behavior that left her in an academic tailspin. Meanwhile, I see the school give a firm wag of the finger at bullies and toxic individuals.

Anyhow, we're enrolling her in a local public school where she'll be able to get the support she needs. She's scared about switching schools, but she toured the emotional support classroom last week and admitted that the kids and the setup seemed pretty cool.

Anyhow, to those of you who are open about your struggles with anxiety and depression, thank you for sharing your stories. It gives me hope for Audrey's future, because y'all are pretty cool
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Changing schools is how I met Tom and later Jess. Everyone in the universe knows I love them like family, so don't be scared of a new school Audrey. Sometimes it's just what you need. I left middle school (when I was bullied) two weeks early in 8th grade, skipped graduation, never went back. I had no friends, was a joke to the class, hell among the school. Look forward, not back. The best friends you'll ever make could be right around the corner, so long as you keep moving forward. Feel better, and know you have a whole bunch of people who do care about you. ❤
Jess (whoozica): awww mark in gonna cry 😭  change can be good though! Sounds like the new school has a pretty good support system though so hopefully it can open a new chapter for her 🙏
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah! change can be scary, i havent met a single person that isnt at least a little fearful of change. but often it opens doors that weren't there before
Georgia (Something Sensible): new school means promise of new opportunities, friends, and fun!
Georgia (Something Sensible): so we support audrey as she starts her new endeavor to a better school. I wasnt very happy in high school so i know how much it can suck. If i can help in any way, let me know!!
snow ( karma chameleon ): <@!386567060026556417> I had to change schools a few times and let me tell you finding the right support makes all the difference. I wouldn’t have graduated high school without emotional support classes, and I still to this day consider my emotional support teacher my second mom. Putting Audrey in a place she can thrive is v good
you want fucking rwby chibi?: when i finally switched to public school, that was where i met my friend alex (and later casey) and despite him moving a lot we've been super close ever since
ive also dealt w bullying almost all my school career so i understand the impact it can have
i wish yall the best
Mark (Mad Doctor): Thank you for your kind words and support. I shared your responses with Audrey and she kvelled.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So what’s kvelled lol?
Jess (whoozica): Was happy or proud
Mark (Mad Doctor): Filled with warm emotion
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Why do I feel older than our designated adult*
