meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): #firstworldproblems the road that leads in and out of my neighborhood is going to be closed for the next two months so now I have to use the back entrance and it adds an extra 15 drive to everywhere I have to go 😓
Erik (slendergiant): Oof
Erik (slendergiant): I forgot my wallet today 😑
Erik (slendergiant): It's gonna be a great Monday y'all
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof I feel this
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Im alone at the teller station today. Kill me.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Monday’s are great -___-
Erik (slendergiant): This is the Mondayest Monday to ever have Mondayed
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Fuck Monday’s, let’s all go back to bed I’m protest
Erik (slendergiant): Also doesn't help I'm running on like 3.5 hours of sleep ~~but that's my own dumb fault~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Jess (whoozica): Me and mister can't park might have to have a talk, I couldn't oark in our lot lot today because of him, what have an extra 4 spots on the other side of the building tho
Erik (slendergiant): wow, what a cunt
Jess (whoozica): My work has like 10 employees. 2 of us are named Jessica, and they just hired a Jesse. this shit gets confusing
Marisa (Weeb): they're preparing for a gladiator-style tournament fight
you have to win. you have to defeat your doubles.
Jess (whoozica): 🤜
Marisa (Weeb): start practicing your combat training on poor parker's car
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Mark (Mad Doctor): https://media.tenor.com/images/0ea18adc3a8b2d335638bc142e812d49/tenor.gif
Jess (whoozica): I WAS HERE FIRST 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Assert your dominance lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): T pose
Jess (whoozica): YES
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Correction: J pose for Jess lol
Jess (whoozica): that works, that way i can lie down
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's what I want to do right now. Lie down. Cause Oof im tired and have a headache .-.
Jess (whoozica): mood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My sleep schedule has been off the past week and a half... so getting up early every morning is rough when you're body wants to stay up to 2-3am 😫
Erik (slendergiant): 
Jess (whoozica): dat me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao. So I went to Starbucks to get food/drink before having to meet for this group project later and I was like oh sweet I'll use my new gold card and use up money on there... I give it to the lady, she swipes and goes you only had a penny one there. RIP.... 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Press F to lay respects
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RIP, I went to set one of the Purikura's from Saturday as my phone's lock screen and Erik is blocked out by the time, as always 😂 <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Erik (slendergiant): It happens ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I am at lunch and this is the first time all day I’ve been able to sit down and relax
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm like lmfao, every group photo I set you are blocked and I'm like noooo 😩 
I managed to get your face unblocked but now Matt is kinda blocked... oh well XD
Erik (slendergiant): Are you still alone at the teller station?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yep
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m handling well so I’m just hoping it stays at the flow it’s at
Erik (slendergiant): Oof hang in there! You got this!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I hope I can have enough energy to go to@the gym I haven’t gone in a week
ZombieHunter: Do you know
ZombieHunter: How much EASIER. it was to call Toyota outright
ZombieHunter: To buy my car?
ZombieHunter: FIVE MINUTES. I WAS ON THE PHONE WITH A WOMAN FOR FIVE MINUTES.
ZombieHunter: She said okay this is the price. We can draw up the paperwork and email it to you. Send us a check and the car is yours. END OF STORY
Mark (Mad Doctor): Nice.
