ZombieHunter: I like watching scrubs
Mark (Mad Doctor): Dr Cox is my role model
Erik (slendergiant): I just love dealing with customers with thick accents over the phone 🙃
Erik (slendergiant): Like, I don't mean to sound racist, but I have a hard enough time understanding people over the phone in general, but throw in a very thick accent and it just gets more frustrating
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Been there.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it's somehow worse when theyre in front of you and can see your very confused face
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but yea i feel you
Erik (slendergiant): He was asking about something on a quote I sent them and I was just like "Uhhh..... what?"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm I feel you. I've had this happen before too. I feel bad that I have to ask them to repeat stuff but trying my bes tot make sure I am processing what they are saying. Also it doesn't help that sometimes phone lines get messy with cutting things off, making things distorted etc... :\
Erik (slendergiant): So my computer struggles to connect to our internet from my room (I guess my room is like, on the edge of our wifi radius?), but my phone can connect better so I literally have to piggyback off my phones wifi connection to use my computer... wtf
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You could buy a wireless extender.
Erik (slendergiant): I've considered it
Jess (whoozica): Oh yea! My parents have one of those! It works pretty good would recommend
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Cheaper than another router. I have one for my room.
ZombieHunter: Gonna fight a girl in classsss
Distant Thunders: Fuckin do ittttttttt
Distant Thunders: Also what's wrong
ZombieHunter: She keeps looking at me like I’m stupid every time I have any input in class that is relevant
Distant Thunders: Rip, sorry fam, looks like you have a very inadequet feeling girl breathing down your back
Mark (Mad Doctor): As a teacher, I can certify that competitive students are bona fide assholes
ZombieHunter: <@!386567060026556417>  I’m one of those people that doesn’t get challenged enough so I get really lazy.
ZombieHunter: But to the competitive students, I look like a douche
Mark (Mad Doctor): We actually have an in service day tomorrow where the theme is how to teach introverted students more effectively
