Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay is discord being weird for anyone else?? It's not showing me emoji's or reacts... and when I react it tries to add a second one??
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i know my bfs been having trouble wh that?
Marisa (Weeb): Yeah the cursed emoji I have that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay I'm glad I'm not the only one having this issue. I was like umm is something wrong with my computer again or my account uhh xD 
It's V annoying and weird though... hopefully gets fixed soon 🤔
Marisa (Weeb): Cursed emoji give us dark hacking skills please
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Fucking America sucks
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I had to watch a netflix documentary about Kalief Browder.....he was in Riker’s Island for three years because he was accused of stealing someone's bookbag....not only was he innocent, but he was tortured and starved in there
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): He wasn't even 18...
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): We really need to do something about this justice system
Marisa (Weeb): let’s throw the justice system in jail
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Please
Marisa (Weeb): Every few days tourists in Tokyo will post about a missing family member online and how someone went out for a bit and never came back and oh no pls help. 99% of the time they’ve been arrested lol. In Tokyo if you cause a big disturbance while drunk they can detain you for 3 days without notifying anyone.
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): What the fuck
Marisa (Weeb): The moral is never ever drink and alcohol is bad <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Marisa (Weeb): Done my eye exam. It cost me $13. When I’m back in the US I’m never getting my eyes checked again.
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): wow thats cheap
Tom (tomukuncosplay): WOAH
Marisa (Weeb): ALSO sneaky nurse knew English. I’m speaking Japanese to her like a scrub explaining my situation and then with the doctor I use English (she’s a really good doctor with international acclaim wew). I told the doctor I brought goofy sunglasses to block the sun in case they needed to dilate my pupils and nurse girl started CRACKING UP.
Marisa (Weeb): Girl u know English why u hidin
Tom (tomukuncosplay): xD
Marisa (Weeb): I’d probably prefer to speak Japanese too if that was my main language bUT at least she laughed at my joke 😎
Tom (tomukuncosplay): that sounds pure
Marisa (Weeb): I saw people get jammed in the train door TWICE today. Chill out people omg you’re gonna cut yourself in half.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So we switched manufacturers for a particular kind of cable we use regularly to save money and so far it's been nothing but shit 🙃
Rebecca (madameterralupus): D: I fucked up my own starbucks order. I wanted and iced PSL and forgot to say so.~~Time to burn my mouth now with hot coffee~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Stan Lee died today :/
Mark (Mad Doctor): He crossed Bifrost
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WHAT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg im sad
Matt (mattmyers25): The BBC has confirmed it so I guess it is official
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): damn dude
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just realized... it's quiet possible Infinity War 2 was his last movie cameo... and if so thats movies gonna destroy us even more T_T
Mark (Mad Doctor): Is it wrong that I kinda want to cosplay him now?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cosplay him in honor and memory of him ❤
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Didn't they film a bunch of his future cameos all at once a while back? It's possible they've all been used by now, but maybe there's still some left? 🤷
Mark (Mad Doctor): That would totally be my intent. I'm worried people might think it's too soon.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm not sure tbh. But maybe so? 
And hmm thus is possible. I'd say do it but wait a little bit then?
Mark (Mad Doctor): I think you might be right, Erik. I think they wanted to get ahead when he began to suffer dementia
Mark (Mad Doctor): Still makes infinity war sadder, though
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://screenrant.com/stan-lee-cameos-avengers-3-4-thor-black-panther/
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~the entire theatre starts crying when he shows up~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): From last September. If anything it would probably only be Avengers 4 and Captain Marvel
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): If I remember correctly A couple of years ago he Filmed scenes for his cameos for the next dozen or so movies marvel had lined up because he didn’t think he would last much longer
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Finally able to register for my classes after a back and forth between advisors/people who had pin number to do so... 
1. Dont want to sign up for broadcasting classes cause kinda over my major now...
Mark (Mad Doctor): After school today,vi had about a dozen sad nerd gather to share the news and their sadness.  They seemed heartened by the prospect of more cameos (thanks BNE for clueing me in). And I told them that one cannot be completely sad at the passing of someone who left the world a better place
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ah well it seems heaven is having a party and invited all the 95-year-olds
Georgia (Something Sensible): My pappy also passed away today
Jess (whoozica): oh no! Im so sorry hun 😦
Mark (Mad Doctor): So sorry to hear it
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thanks guys, at 95 no one could ever claim that either man had a short life at least lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Sorry to hear Georgia. Hope you're doing ok. We're all here for you 💕
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sorry Georgia... whatever you need, you know where to reach us.
Matt (mattmyers25): (Hugs)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm so sorry to hear that Georgia! 😦 I'm here if you need. 💕
