Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Guys there was a dead bee on my car this morning..... then while I was driving two bees flew into my car. It was the worlds scariest funeral procession
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They wanted an audience with the Queen!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I almost drive off the road but I'm glad I could pay my respects
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Press F to pay respects
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cons in just a couple days and my skin is hating me 🙄 I ended up getting a decent size scratch/cut on my arm and now my eczema is acting up in my elbow crease  🙃
Jess (whoozica): 😭
Jess (whoozica): i feel you though, i got covered in mosquito bites the other day and my face is starting to break out 👌
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good thing this con is for relaxing and not super heavy on photoshoots. remember we're there to have fun! even if your skin is acting up you can still drink and swim!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): YE!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): you just need to show up and have fun!
Jess (whoozica): True
Jess (whoozica): So my job just dropped 5 projects on me that need to get done 2 days <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): One bottle per extra project.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Today is over now right.
Jess (whoozica): God I wish
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): As I wisecracked about earlier; I rushed out of the house this morning.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I realized the reason my head hurts so much is I didn't take any allegra this morning.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): RIP.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'll have to get some at lunch.
Marisa (Weeb): allegran't
Jess (whoozica): OMG I HAVE SO MUCH WORK BUT I DONT GIVE AF
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What a mood XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Next year: Colossal East + the Week Preceding.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Year after that: Colossal East, starting 1st of september
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Year after THAT: Colossal East, all of september, wake me up when it's over.
Jess (whoozica): Woman Loses Job Over Inability to Care About Anything Besides CCE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I love when professors want us to take notes but move to fast through them for us to write everything down 😒
Jess (whoozica): Why is there another meeting after lunch holy shit
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It’s been s busy today at my bank like ugh no your check didn’t clear yet because yesterday was a federal holiday >_<
Jess (whoozica): 😭 people pls
