Jess (whoozica): the amount of people in this office who cant understand a "load paper" error on the printer baffles me
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): that's where the printer needs more ink right?
Erik (slendergiant): Did they try turning it off and turning it back on again?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): try blowing in it?
Jess (whoozica): lmao na they just walk up to it and stare and then go "somethings wrong with the printer"
Marisa (Weeb): Sounds like it has to be replaced
Marisa (Weeb): That’s costly
Marisa (Weeb): Maybe hire a specialist
Jess (whoozica): yea we better XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have so much I want to get done around the house this week but every time I do one thing I get so exhausted... D: My list is never going to get cut down at this rate...
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): you'll get through it eventually, just give yourself some room to breathe 😃
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Im basically cutting it down to like 2-3 big tasks a day and doing minor ones in between when tired. I also sectioned my list by important to eh can get whenever. XD
I just hate that I still get so tired D:
Jess (whoozica): take it easy hun, one task at a time, itll get done eventually ❤
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thanks fam. Trying my best. I just feel like I am always behind and surrounded by shit that needs done cause I never have energy to do anything D:
snow ( karma chameleon ): Is it weird if I say I definitely saw something Not Normal in my Woods last night and I’m still trying to figure it ouT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what did you see
snow ( karma chameleon ): Okay so there was like a four foot long glowing gold light hovering between some trees, in like the shape of rectangle but just floating upright and I just sTARED AT IT and then it started like flickering kinda like fireflies and then slowly slowly faded away
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ALIENS
snow ( karma chameleon ): dude no iM ACTUALLY FREAKED OUT
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): wtf
snow ( karma chameleon ): It wasn’t a flashlight bc it was b IG
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Valid. I'd be freaked out too... That's kinda weird.
I can't recall does anyone live nearby in those woods behind ya? Could have been someone with something? Not sure what but...
snow ( karma chameleon ): and like clearly on the edge of my neighbor’s lawn
snow ( karma chameleon ): Ppl live back in those woods ye but too far out for it to be that bright
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Maybe it was a neighbor doing soemthing? Or some meddling kids??
snow ( karma chameleon ): maybe??? it was just so weird and I can’t figure out how it would be done xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaa it is kinda weird.
snow ( karma chameleon ): It doesn’t help it was like 1 am
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof yea... anything weird happening past 12am is like NOPE XD
snow ( karma chameleon ): YEAH I JUST WENT BACK INSIDE AND PRETENDED IT NEVER HAPPENED
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Valid. That's what I would do lol
snow ( karma chameleon ): aliens can’t take my land
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Put a sign in your backyard that says that lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So they know not to mess with you XD
snow ( karma chameleon ): VALID U RIGHT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): just wear gamora, show them that you, too, are an alien
snow ( karma chameleon ): GUYS IM JUST ONE OF YOU’S
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): make an effigy out of halloween decorations to assert dominance
snow ( karma chameleon ): I’ll just set up a fake alien graveyard like ‘u wanna fucks with me’
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg
snow ( karma chameleon ): ‘these were your FRIENDS’
