Georgia (Something Sensible): SO customer service is an interesting time
Georgia (Something Sensible): I work in a car dealership and this woman calls saying she can't bring in her lease to return today because her mom died yesterday
Georgia (Something Sensible): So we normally don't accept lease returns, and we can't receive them on Saturdays
Georgia (Something Sensible): So I tell her the policy and she's like "my MOM just DIED you guys can't just come and pick it up?"
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I have her on hold so I'm trying to figure out these accommodations for her
Georgia (Something Sensible): So I finally get it so that if she can drop it off tomorrow (which again, normally we don't accept), we can have her in and out in ten minutes and then an employee _volunteered to drive her home_ so she didn't have to wait for the shuttle
Erik (slendergiant): oof
Georgia (Something Sensible): And then she goes "you haven't said you're sorry ONCE you know"
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I was just utterly flabbergasted because I was so busy trying to make these accommodations for her that it slipped my mind
Georgia (Something Sensible): DOUBLE BONUS one of my family members died on Wednesday so this is kinda topical for me at the moment
Georgia (Something Sensible): (I mean it wasn't a close family member but it was someone I was related to and had just seen a couple months ago at my cousins gender reveal party so it was shocking)
Erik (slendergiant): sorry to hear that :/
But that's just such a difficult situation to handle in any position. Like, it's one of those things that doesn't come up often so when it does, your mind goes blank and you just don't know what to do to handle it. You're trying to figure out how to handle it while still being sensitive to the issue so it's understandable for something like an apology to slip your mind. But to me, pointing out to a customer service rep that they didn't apologize is kind of rude
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): that last bit is petty and uncalled for yes.
Jess (whoozica): customer service sucks, try not to take it too personally shes probably just freaking out right now cuz the weight of a parents death and everything that needs to be done now logistic wise, let alone grieving. So everything she said was probably just misdirected anger and frustration, and while that doesnt make it right, it does make sense
Erik (slendergiant): And like, you don't need to get into specifics, you can just say "an emergency popped up and I can't bring it in today, is there anything you can do to help me?"
Jess (whoozica): also, sorry for your loss 😦
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah that's what I'm telling myself, that she's just taking her anger out on me
Erik (slendergiant): but at the same time, she's probably going through a rough time as well so manners can get forgotten in times of distress...
Erik (slendergiant): I'm just trying to see things from both sides
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's the way to do it...
Georgia (Something Sensible): And like internally of course I wanted to be like "My GREAT AUNT JUST DIED TOO YOU JERK" but like... I'm in customer service so I just stammered out something about being too young to have conceptualized death yet
Georgia (Something Sensible): Some stupid thing like that
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's in part a high road thing. She acted poorly, and that upset you, but stepping back and saying 'is it really against me, or is she just greiving' gives you ground to forgive her. The bright spot is you didn't throw it back in her face. Beyond customer service, that's the right way to respond.
Jess (whoozica): its ok hun, dont take it personally. if you kept your cool then you did your job, you did your best to accommodate her
Georgia (Something Sensible): And thanks! I didn't know her too well, but she's still family, and I saw her last year and she was perfectly healthy, walking around in platform heels asking me about school
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeee
Georgia (Something Sensible): It's just like wowee damn I needed to blow off some steam
Jess (whoozica): yea, go take an extended bathroom break if you need too XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): Cause customer service forces you to _keep it down_
Jess (whoozica): ~~i go into the bathroom and whisper scream at the mirror to calm down~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): My skin is not tough enough for dat receptionist life
Jess (whoozica): ye me neither
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I'm so sorry
