Georgia (Something Sensible): There’s 40 people at league of legends club and I’m one of two girls
Georgia (Something Sensible): /quiet screaming
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Did I not say you would be a rarity there~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): _everyone else is level 100+ and I’m only 29_
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, they go to *League club*. They probably spent most of their time playing.
Georgia (Something Sensible): i just like to play for funsies cries
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ye, not... usually the atmosphere for that.
Erik (slendergiant): ~~then you're playing it correctly~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): theres a level 11 here i feel better
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Girl I feel you I play for fun
Georgia (Something Sensible): They’re all like master and platinum like..... yo I just play lux and fuck around
Evie (Katheryne Knight): F E E L S
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just wanna play for fun and get good with the girlies
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh two more girls showed up thank his
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Queens
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Showing up fashionably late
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They queens because they women at league club.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): 🙌 🙌 🙌
Georgia (Something Sensible): LMAO not wrong
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m trying not to judge tho cause we all ARE league fans
Georgia (Something Sensible): I mean so far so good
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sure.
Jess (whoozica): I'd go with you, I've only played varis and Annie but o know enough to fake it 👌
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Send good vibes. Chris and I are hanging with someone we don’t particularly like because he kinda pressured us and we are too nice for our own good.
Distant Thunders: Rip good vibes sent
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thaaank
I just would feel hella had if I say no...
And it doesn’t help he flipped on me because he thought I blocked him on FB this morning because I deactivated my account because I’m taking a break
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So my anxiety is through the roof
Distant Thunders: I'm sorry fam,  just take it all one step at a time and if you gotta leave to keep yourself from going down you just gotta leave
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof yeah sending good vibes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Stop being too nice. >.>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I mean, your beautiful people who deserve the world, but that doesn't mean you have to be nice to people who don't treat you with the respect you deserve.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): IM SORRY
It’s super hard for me to be mean and I just...I don’t want to seem like a dick
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Trust me, if that's the worst problem you have... You're too good for the rest of the world. 😊
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Don't apologize to me either.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof 
I’m just hoping the whole thing this morning is dropped and we have a good time
Jess (whoozica): I know how guys you feel I'm the same way 😅 good luck guys!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you~
Matt (mattmyers25): Just have Chris unleash his inner drunk qrow
Evie (Katheryne Knight): If shit gets bad he will XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I survived
Evie (Katheryne Knight): We survived
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Was it bad?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Kinda
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Not terrible but meh
