Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh no, it seems a bunch of us are in the same predicament
Erik (slendergiant): #NewJobs2k18
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I hope everything works out, or at least that you find a new job quickly
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): SAME.
Matt (mattmyers25): I got written up for something that semi wasnt my fault. And this was on Friday. I was never told I was doing anything wrong
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH jeez
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You just heard about it today?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Mrs. Mad Doctor is looking for a new job, too, having been finally fed up with a bad boss. I'm shuttling her to an interview tomorrow
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Good luck to Mrs. mad doctor!!
Matt (mattmyers25): <@334090409389195266> I found out on Wednesday, got written up Friday.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ohhhh gotcha, that's super irritating
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ouch
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I feel so out of place in all my main broadcasting classes now that I'm a semester behind... i don't know anyone in my classes cause everyone I know has taken them already... 😞
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *hugs* girl I feel you. That was my whole time at college.
You got this 💖
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, I was a year ahead cause I finished most of my gen eds in high school. Don't stress it; College is where the age gap stops being so important, what matters is that you get along with the people you're talking to.
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay ): Rebecca big mood
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay ): Im ablut to walk into my arabic class
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay ): Which is like 15 people 
But since i missed a semester i wont know any of them
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm true. Just sucks cause I don't really talk in class (I go and hid in a far back corner thanks to my shyness XD) and the people I did finally get to know I don't seem to have classes with at all 😦 So now I am back at square one to socialize and eh that's scary.. lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's only the second day of school and these damned campus police are already giving warnings on parking stickers... like damn chill the hell out 😫
Jess (whoozica): Shiiit calm down poeple
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We have nothing insane or bad that happens on our campus so our police literally just drive around all day and find reasons to give tickets to keep busy -.-
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Part of me is incredibly happy to not be in school right now, but part of me wishes everyone was at the same school at the same time like some anime.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There’d be BNE club, Mark as faculty advisor.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Day one, I launch you sorry lot off a cliff
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sign me the hell up for this school! XD
Already knowing people and not having to be scared to socialize?! Mark would be the best advisor too.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And omg mark 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): "Excuse me sir I'm here to study physic-" *yeets off cliff*
Mark (Mad Doctor): "Note the parabolic trajectory..."
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof left work early today because I almost fell over because of dizziness. >_<
Jess (whoozica): 😦
Jess (whoozica): did you eat?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m eating something now.
I ate breakfast this morning, and I’ve gone through two water bottles
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It might be a bug. Here’s hoping i don’t have to take off tomorrow
Jess (whoozica): awww, hope you feel better soon!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you! 💖
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m gonna rest up the rest of the day.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Maybe start on some anime I should have started a while ago XD
Jess (whoozica): 👌  good remedy!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Anime and sleep 💤
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww. Feel better soon girl!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you ^_^ I’m trying!
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay ): I showed up to my classroom
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay ): 5 minutes before 2
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay ): my teacher was already starting to lexture the class
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay ): it starts at 2
Georgia (Something Sensible): J e r k
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Noooooo onenof those >_<
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay ): i felt extremely awkward sitting down
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I don’t blame you
Erik (slendergiant): i HOPE HE DIDN'T PULL ANY OF THAT "iF YOU'RE ON TIME, YOU'RE LATE" BULLSHIT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OH I HATED THAT IN COLLEGE
Erik (slendergiant): son of a bitch, I keep forgetting I have caps lock on
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I mean
Mark (Mad Doctor): It was a caps worthy sentiment
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The caps lock seemed legit
Erik (slendergiant): I had a professor who used to give this one kid shit for being late because he was a commuter. Like, you can't always predict traffic and if there's like an accident or not so the professor's suggestion was to wake up earlier because if he can wake up at 4am to get to his class on time, then so should the student
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I never had a professor.
Georgia (Something Sensible): That's rough
Georgia (Something Sensible): If you have to wake at 4 for a job, then it's not a job worth having LOL
Georgia (Something Sensible): I've never had professors that are explicitly bad people
Georgia (Something Sensible): I've have bad PROFESSORS
Georgia (Something Sensible): But never bad people
Georgia (Something Sensible): Rumor has it that there's a female professor in the physics department that tries to fail as many male students as possible
Rebecca (madameterralupus): oof I  had a math teacher like that in middle school
Mark (Mad Doctor): The academic job market being what it is, many times married professors will take jobs in different cities.  Still, where they choose to live is a matter of choice, and they shouldn't use that to get leverage on a student
Erik (slendergiant): Oh, he didn't need to wake up at 4. He didn't live *that* far away. He just chose to
