Erik (slendergiant): Boss fucked up my paycheck again...
Erik (slendergiant): Except instead of missing one day, I'm missing an entire week
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Extra motivation to get outta there.
Erik (slendergiant): I wonder if he'll write out another check without deducting taxes again 🤔
Erik (slendergiant): But yeah, just checked my bank account and the deposit from work was EXTRA LOW
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes that's really bad. how does one miss an entire week of pay on a paycheck?!
Erik (slendergiant): Checked my statement and I was only paid for 40 hours
Erik (slendergiant): Because my boss is going senile
Erik (slendergiant): He even admits it 🙄
Tom (tomukuncosplay): At leas tyoirs admitts it, right <@351471675843411978> ?xD
Jess (whoozica): ooh yea mines senile af and denies it, and blames other people when he forgets
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@!184437198865563648> ....c-can i still room with the nier room for colossal east? because literally everyone i was counting on dropped out of my room :DDDDDDDD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!334090409389195266> 👌
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We got you.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BLESS I LOVE YOU GUYs 😭
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I need help with my airbrush 😣😣😣😣
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh no, what happened?
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Nothing bad....I think....I just turned it on for the first time and it's running, air is coming out, but the makeup I put in the cup is not coming out
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Is there another switch or something I have to do?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is it watery enough? also it the nozzle open on the brush?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sometimes it takes a second for it to start spraying, you kinda just have to hold down the trigger thing and wait for it to catch
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I held the trigger down for a while and nothing but air comes out, and the makeup is said to be ready to use
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I'm at a loss lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): one other thing, you might need to play around with the air pressure
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if its too high it won't spray, and if it's too low it wont spray either xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you have to find a happy medium, airbrushing is great once you get the right settings and stuff, but the set up ALWAYS irritated me
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Idk man it has an automatic pressure, there's no gauge, maybe it didn't come with something I need?
Jess (whoozica): Does it need an air compressor? I think most do but it's been so long since I've done any airbrushing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i would recommend watching how to set up an airbursh videos on youtube 😂
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Or cat videos.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): both
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Yeah lol its a mini compressor if that makes a difference?
