you want fucking rwby chibi?: hey real quick can i get a second opinion on something
you want fucking rwby chibi?: it might be a little vague but.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Whats up? 😮
you want fucking rwby chibi?: so like. person a n person b. in a relationship.
person a ends up going to the ER for something.  theyre afraid to make a status about it (just to make people aware if they dont respond to messages or anything) bc theyre afraid person b will get angry.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: thats not. good. right?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Did they tell person b they are in the ER?
you want fucking rwby chibi?: no, but the status wouldve been mentioning it to them either way
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'd say it's not too good? Just cause if they are dating they should let person b know before making a status first of all. And if they are worried they're going to get mad for them being in the ER then that's not good either. They should be concerned about them, hoping they are okay. Not mad 😮
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I mean ok personally I feel like whoever you're in a relationship with should be one of the first people to hear about a serious situation like that, and then go on to make a status to everyone else. But, in general, Its not good to fear your partner getting angry
Jess (whoozica): Yea they def shouldn't be mad 😔 I would suggest to contact person B in private first before posting it publicly but I'm not sure of all the details of course
you want fucking rwby chibi?: person a hasnt,really been talking to B much at all, bc person b is Upset with them for wanting closure over something else
Jess (whoozica): Hmm ok, that would change things a bit, depending on the severity of the not talking. But yea being afraid of a partners anger is never good, esspcially whilst worring about health
you want fucking rwby chibi?: nods
yeahh. i dont wanna like. Dump Everything Here  but i did want a second opinion on That bit specifically bc just. Gives me bad vibes and i wanted to like make sure i wasnt overreacting to that or anything
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ty
Jess (whoozica): No prob, hope we could help
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 💛
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): Yeah no that's a no bueno
Evie (Katheryne Knight): No that's not okay like if Chris was in the hospital id want to know right away yo make sure he's okay. Being angry is the last thing on my mind. Doesn't matter what happened. His health and safety is my top priority.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Alright I just coughed up a boatload of mucus, my chest hurts, and I have a midterm in 2 hours, this is gonna be fun
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): sorry to hear that.
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ll power through 💪 it just sucks cause this level of chest hurting is doctor-worthy but I have an 8 am exam tomorrow
Jess (whoozica): can you go tot he doc after your final today?
Matt (mattmyers25): I got a temp job starting tomorrow
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Everyone, broke or not, should sign up for Mint.com. You may not have money to manage, but it's services can notify you of things like a fraudulent credit application in your name. Which you can then make sure don't become fraudulent credit *cards* in your name, which can do far more damage.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I feel so naked without my phone ._. ~~Also anxiety is high cause I use my phone to bury myself in when in public~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): What a mood
Georgia (Something Sensible): I smashed that final, even with a fever
Georgia (Something Sensible): Time 4 nap
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ***Y E E T***
you want fucking rwby chibi?: poy!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Feel better fren
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Woot! Hope you feel better soon Georgia. Deff go take a nap and get some good rest now ❤
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Me: makes hot tea to sooth sore throat 
Also me: doesn’t drink it until it’s cold because I dislike hot things
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A big mood XD
Jess (whoozica): I stick 1-2 ice cubes on tea so I can drink it right away 😂
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): If you have mucus build up or stuffy nose and dont like hot teas, but still make them
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): Inhale the steam from the tea
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): It can help clear your sinuses if you do it through your nose and it smells nice
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): Also add honey to your tea while its hot, specifically organic honey if you can, 
It's good for your throat, and if you do it while hot, even after the tea cools down you dont end up swallowing straight honey
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): ALSO also,
Avoid milk and dairy products, they tend to lead to increased mucus, which is no bueno
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But swallowing straight honey is soooo good
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): I mean yeah
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): Some people dont like it, and if you start gulping repeatedly to get it to go down it can make things worse
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): Well not gulping necessarily 
But that like mini swallowing thing ya know like when you swallow spit
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): I highly suggest throat coat as something for your throat
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): It's a tea that's usually available at CVS and other stores
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): Its gr9
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): If you ever want advice on throat related remedies I'm here. I've sang all my life and have repeatedly gotten "strep like viruses" 
So I know all the home remedies that can help
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My mom swears by honey and tumeric for sore throats. Can't say I'm a fan
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My mom swears by honey too. ~~But  never see it do anything :\ ~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Nothing really works for me either. I usually just pop some tylenol and push through it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Anymore I usually just suffer and not take anything 🤷 lol
