Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I am going to have even more back pain cause for some odd reason lately whenever I have deep pockets in pants lately I unintentionally slouch and walk around like Qrow XD~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): This train conductor clearly has no idea what he’s doing.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Trains shouldn’t bounce.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😱
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Train is actually stopped.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I didn’t hear why.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Fuck.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Do you ever put a bagel in the toaster and then sit and wait for it to pop for TEN MINUTES before realizing that the toaster isn’t plugged it. That’s how my morning is starting off
Erik (Red Riot Thot): If it helps you feel better, I just got bombarded with work that I have to do this week and still have to break it to my boss that I also need to take a personal day Wednesday so I only have two days to get it all done 🙃
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but an untoasted bagel is pretty rough too, I'm sorry
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): You didn’t need sleep right?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): depending on how much I can get done, I might stay a little late and come in early tomorrow
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but that means more time away from my Eevee 😭
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): NOt EEVEE
Jess (whoozica): OK so im laughing at the irony of this situation but my co worker was like "we need these posters by tomorrow" so normally i would go drop off the file and then pick up the poster at staples but i dont have my car, because the windshield is shattered, because i couldn't get home in snowstorm, cus they wouldn't let us out earlier.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): HA
Tom (tomukuncosplay): FUK EM
Jess (whoozica): ~~karma bitches~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I don't know how big business works and whatnot but one of our customers wants us to lower some of our prices for some of their products. It's a branch of a really big company whose Market Cap is $112.5B... like, do you *really* need us to lower our prices *that much*?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But I've been tasked with doing time studies to see where we can improve our process so we can make it faster
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And I *really* don't want to
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Because it involves interacting with people on the shop floor...
Jess (whoozica): UGH that sounds terrible
Erik (Red Riot Thot): another reason why we're probably going to go out of business 🙃
Matt (mattmyers25): I may have a job interview lined up
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Noice!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I high key don't have the energy or mental capacity to deal with a child this week... yet here I am 🙃 
~~I just wanted peace and quiet while my parents were away...~~
