Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is anyone else dragging terribly today? 😫 I like can't seem to stay awake and just feel zombified
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i just looked at the clock thinking it was lunch time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it is, in fact, not even close
Jess (whoozica): so you guys know how my windshield got shattered cuz my boss didnt let us go early enough and all that BS? they wont let me use a sick day to cover when i had to call out even though its their fucking fault my windsheild even broke
snow ( karma chameleon ): Wooooooow wtf
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Da fuq...
Jess (whoozica): yea and i need my vacation days for cons and shit so guess whos out more money
Jess (whoozica): this cost me over $500 cuz they wouldnt let me out early
snow ( karma chameleon ): That’s absurd
Jess (whoozica): like??? its your fault??? the least you can do is pay me for the day? especialy when i use  maybe 2 sick days a fucking year
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): it's all Bill's fault.
Jess (whoozica): like im having such money related anxiety rn this is like the last thing i need but whatever im just pissed, needed to rant
Matt (mattmyers25): I have a job interview tomorrow.  It is only a temp job,but it could go perminate
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Good luck!! Even if it's temp it's something that helps for now.
Jess (whoozica): good luck!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Better to have a temp job than nothing ya know? lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙃 I just remembered we are opening until 10pm now until after the holidays... ~~fuck~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm taking a mandatory child abuse course. Each page has a minimum amount of time I must spend on it before I move on. They had me stare at the title screen for 20 seconds. Estimated time to completion: 3 hours...
Jess (whoozica): oh goodness
Mark (Mad Doctor): And according to others who have completed the course, the only real takeaway is that I must report all suspected cases of abuse and neglect to DHS. That's it
Halim (Greg) (jake): time to get an autoclicker
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm using my forehead as I bang it into the keyboard
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Idk id this counts as venting but I’ve been holding it for 2 hours cause im@the only teller right now and IM DYING
Mark (Mad Doctor): Stay strong
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I can *tell* you're stressed. Hope you get through it
Jess (whoozica): thats the worst, cuz u know as soon as you sit down someones gonna come in
Evie (Katheryne Knight): We close in 6 minutes but there is a poor guy out here just wanting a new card and no@one to help him and I can’t help him
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But I don’t wanna look bad and go@to@the bathroom
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof the @ is getting in my way
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): it *at*ta know better than that.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~I thought that was the new typing trend and you were doing it on purpose~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
