ZombieHunter: i'm cold and i want to go to bed
but it turns out my brother decided he needed to do his laundry
and didn't even fucking check if my blanket was dry yet
it's not
so now
i have to fucking wait for his shit to finish so i can dry my blanket
and fucking go to bed
Marisa (Mawisa): Your brother sounds like a wet blanket
ZombieHunter: i'm gonna put him in the tub when he sleeps so he pisses himself
ZombieHunter: i recognize that i'm irritable rn
ZombieHunter: but i'm just in such a bad and miserable mood in this moment, i can't shake thefeeling of being unreasonably angry
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I hate when people do that. Like chill, my stuff was in the washer/dryer first. Either wait till it's done, or move the cycles over for me
ZombieHunter: like i am capable of recognizing i'm having some mood swings but like. i'm pissed off. i'm fucking tired.
ZombieHunter: i 'm cold and i have my final tomorrow
ZombieHunter: but he didn't even fucking check to see if my blanket was dry
ZombieHunter: he kjust went
ZombieHunter: k move this here my turn
ZombieHunter: fuck you
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Siblings can be highkey annoying lol
ZombieHunter: i want to punch him in the face
ZombieHunter: like in this very angry moment i'm like
ZombieHunter: sitting at my computer fucking crying
ZombieHunter: and i'm aggravated because i just wanna go to bed and i'm so angry i wanna hurt myself and i hate getting that angry. i don't know how to control it
ZombieHunter: i don't like getting angry like this.
Marisa (Mawisa): I’m alone in this hotel/guesthouse and it’s a big ol’ Japanese style house in the oldest part of the city and my inner weeb is thrilled but it’s so silent and massive I’m also high key terrified. 
All the staff left for the night and I’m the only person who booked it lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): If that is not the setup for a Ghibli film, I don't know what is
Marisa (Mawisa): Yay and also I hope I don’t get murdered
I walked around Fushimi Inari which is one of the biggest tourist spots but it’s also dark and misty and dead silent right now so I went about a quarter of the way up the mountain, heard a scream, and turned back.
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): I’ll go back at 6am
Marisa (Mawisa): Before all the big crowds and after the dark spooky
Marisa (Mawisa): OK IM NOT ALONE I THINK
Marisa (Mawisa): def someone in another room haha f r e a k y
Marisa (Mawisa): Where did they come from
Are they still there
How are they so quiet. I only saw their shadow through the doorway I didn’t hear any movement, meanwhile I’m super light footed and sound like a dinosaur when I go down the hall
snow ( karma chameleon ): Are u still alive marisa
Marisa (Mawisa): I don’t think so I died of fear
snow ( karma chameleon ): 0: I’ll bring u back
Marisa (Mawisa): There’s definitely someone else here but we seem to be avoiding each other? I didn’t see any shoes at the entrance either so *who are they and where are their shoes*
Marisa (Mawisa): Thx
snow ( karma chameleon ): go find them! new friend
Marisa (Mawisa): I think they just left lol
But didn’t lock the door? So they may come back? I think it’s the owner?
Marisa (Mawisa): Yeah I hear them outside maybe
Marisa (Mawisa): For reference this is where I am
Marisa (Mawisa): My body’s in the room next to the entrance if I did
snow ( karma chameleon ): O - oh I see
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Hoooo boii
Marisa (Mawisa): There’s no central heating anywhere but my room is warm owo
Tom (tomukuncosplay): HMM
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Do you have salt and a knife for ghosts and villians respectively?
Marisa (Mawisa): Hnnnoooo but I have....

Several pins with peace signs on them
Good fortune and anti-calamity charms from various shrines, and a charm to pass my classes (all A’s so far! 5/6 of my classes gave grades back today)

3 deer keychains and a deer doll

2 pizza sandwiches

A stamp that I just found out was self-inking after I stamped my entire arm for fun thinking “oh haha that’s cool I’m so dehydrated the pattern stays on my skin when I stamp it. Wait a minute.”

Some dirty laundry and some clean laundry

11 paper cranes
Marisa (Mawisa): [throws a paper crane at the attacker like a shuriken]
Marisa (Mawisa): This futon is really comfy though I give them points for that
Marisa (Mawisa): *no traditional pillows* thank goodness. This pillow is more normal than the business hotel one I stayed at. 
Traditional Japanese pillows *suck*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So idk if this goes here but I'm FINALLY GETTING OUT OF MY BRANCH AND GETTING TRASFERED CLOSER TO MY NEW HOME
Erik (Red Riot Thot): YEET
Erik (Red Riot Thot): CONGRATS
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I don't have to deal with that stupid brown noser after the new year
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm so happy
Evie (Katheryne Knight): January 3rd is my start date in Harrisburg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): nice
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm so happy omg
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I can't wait to get the hell out of there.
Jess (whoozica): Yaaaay! You work for M and T?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yiss ^_^
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like things were fine until after RTX, and then the two people I liked left the branch, and got replaced with this mean ass lady named Lucie who is a complete brown noser and I swear tries everything to get me fired.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): for no reason. She just doesn't like me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I think it's cause I'm young, and also she targets someone to bully, and my other co-worker wasn't taking her shit
Evie (Katheryne Knight): and because Im too afraid to speak up because i'm on the bottom of the totem pole, and I'm the youngest at the branch, I'm a perfect target.
Jess (whoozica): wow wth? thats some ageist bs
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Worst part is I'm the same age as her freakin son like what gives you the right
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like do you bully your children too? Which would be bad cause her children have mental disabilities.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And I'm sure she knows I suffer from Bipolar II and BDD.
Jess (whoozica): damn, sounds like she should be fired
Jess (whoozica): but you will be free of her soon 🙌
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So if she bullies her kids the same way she bullies me I'll vom. 
She makes herself sound like a good mom, but the way she acts at work would tell me otherwise honestly. 

Yes thank GOD.
THen maybe I won't feel as stressed anymore.
Jess (whoozica): 🙏 best of luck at your new location!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But living with Chris and my friend Jackie has definitely helped my mental state. 
Coming home to Chris is super nice.
Thank you!!!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It will be nice not having to drive 40 minutes to and from
Jess (whoozica): oh yea definitely! i went from driving an hour to driving like 7 mins and it was amazing. hows the new place?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The new place is WONDERFUL. This was a good choice for apartments. 
We are still getting things into place, but for the most part we have a functioning living room.
Our crafting space is still kinda everywhere, so I think Chris is gonna focus on that when he gets home. 

We have way too many boxes so I think we might ave to get rid of them sadly. We don't have any room
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Only thing that's gonna suck is I get payed tomorrow, but it's all going to our share of the first month rent + security deposit, and paying my credit card to 0

But such is life. Rather have a roof over my head than anime merch.
Jess (whoozica): awww yea 😦 is there anywhere you can keep things for now? like maybe your parents would let you keep some boxes in storage at their house?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Possibly. I actually might do that. I might take some of the boxes to their place and they can store them in the basement. I'm going home this weekend for a family gathering, so I can not only pick up my hard drive, but drop off boxes we don't need, but want to keep in case we move for some reason.
Jess (whoozica): Ya that could work, i still have stuff at my parents XD
Jess (whoozica): my brother kept stuff there for like 10 yrs
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I gotta go through some stuff in my basement whether or not I'm keeping or selling/giving to good will
Jess (whoozica): yay! well im happy to hear you are settling in well! its you and chris and a roomate?
Jess (whoozica): my coworker has been giving tech support to a friend on the phone for 2 hours
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): OOOOOOFFOFOFOFFFFFFF
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Been there, done that, never againl
Jess (whoozica): he had to them where to find the esc key
Jess (whoozica): ~~also he can get in trouble cuz personal calls are not allowed esp. for 2 hrs~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): is this Mr. I-Hate-Being-Married?
Jess (whoozica): YEET
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm surprised he knows how to use a computer.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~***REPORT HIS ASS***~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I say as I goof off at work as well
Jess (whoozica): nah i dont report people cuz i do things that i could get reported for too
Jess (whoozica): YEA that
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): pretty much.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I could be playing ps4 right now tbh.
Jess (whoozica): hes always bragging about his computer "skills" and like everything else
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But that would make me feel too guilty.
Jess (whoozica): im basically checked out already
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): YEET
Jess (whoozica): i keep bamboozling myself though, cuz i think i have a longer break than i do
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): wazza break?
Jess (whoozica): ~~that thing your getting after tomorrow, till the end of the year~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~that's vacation time~~
Jess (whoozica): its still a "break"
Jess (whoozica): plus i have 4 days off but I have to do family events all of them except one
Jess (whoozica): and next weekend is all events too
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): rip.
Jess (whoozica): i could really use some actual time off rn 😭
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Get the flu?
Jess (whoozica): i want to have a break to work on cosplay XD i cant do that if im sick
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): sorry, "Get the flu?"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg what a mood jess
Jess (whoozica): at least i can sleep in for 4 days XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): the place my dad works at shuts down between Christmas and New Year so he always gets like a full week off
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm incredibly jealous
Jess (whoozica): my work *used* to do that 😭  before i got here
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I wish I had time to replay persona 5.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sigh.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm just glad my boss decided to close on the Eves because if we *really* had to come in for one day between the weekend and a day off, I would have been pissed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I wish I had time to do literally anything 😂
Jess (whoozica): yea, we get christmas eve off but i still need to come in NYE
Jess (whoozica): Im *supposed* to be getting 5 more vacations days in addition to the ones i get now in july for my 5 yr anniversary. so next crimmis im taking off
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeet!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I have to take both NYE and Christmas Eve <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I thought I only had one more vacation day but I found the spreadsheet that my boss made up that tracks peoples' vacation (which hasn't been updated, but I know how many days I've used) and I still had some left over from last year so I got to use those
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Otherwise I would have used a vacation day and a personal day, which there really is no difference between the two
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~update the spreadsheet to give yourself some carry over~~
Jess (whoozica): "personal day" are our "sick days" ~~which apparently you cant use for when your windshield gets smashed~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): There's a lady that's been working here for longer than I've been alive and she apparently has like 60 vacation days because she just never takes vacation
Jess (whoozica): oooo wow we dont get carry over, and we max out at 15 vacation days
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that lady is going to disappear for like 2 straight months one year and confuse everyone
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My job is very Whose Line-esque in that everything's made up and the policies we have don't matter
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can only carry over a week. Then again, HR let me carry over a 6th day because otherwise I'd have needed to take it this week and there was no reason for it.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~what's an HR?~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~The one girl they hired when the company broke 50 people~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~then she moved to Jersey from canada so she's now in the office with 5 people rather than the 50.
Jess (whoozica): our HR is the same person that does office administration, post office runs, payroll, office supply ordering, and waters the plants
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think we can all agree that our companies are all just horrible messes
Jess (whoozica): 
Jess (whoozica): wait I fixed it <@!334090409389195266>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMFAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YES GOOD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌 I didn't do as bad as I thought I did with my classes this semester yay!
Jess (whoozica): YAAAY
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was really struggling to keep up and get back into the swing of things after being off last semester so I was scared of what the outcome would be... Glad I did okay and was able to get more checked off my degree audit
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I just want to watch youtube videos before work, can my dad stop lecturing me over every little thing~~
Jess (whoozica): tell him u gotta poop
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just waited for him to break in his talking a good bit and turned it back on, louder XD
Jamie (Jamie): When boss man won't listen when you tell him an order is missing pieces cause he is determined that theyre in a box but its very much not in said boxes he is thinking of. <:imdyingsquirtle:378261448838610944>
Jamie (Jamie): Like these are far from same color damnit i aint blind you're missing things
Jamie (Jamie): 
