Georgia (Something Sensible): sometimes im doing homework and im like "damn im a nincompoop"
Georgia (Something Sensible): and then i realize that im literally doing rocket science
Georgia (Something Sensible): and rocket science is so hard that theres a _phrase_ of "what, its not rocket science
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i feel just a bit better lol
Jess (whoozica): Sometimes I think I'm a nincompoop and then I realize that I am
Georgia (Something Sensible): well think about it jess, we both do well at what our career/school is
Erik (slendergiant): When I was in college I felt like a nincompoop because I had to use Chegg to do my homework and then I realized I was a nincompoop
Georgia (Something Sensible): but if we switched places, the buildings would be on fire
Georgia (Something Sensible): _erik no you are genius_
Georgia (Something Sensible): _anyone who graduates college is genius to me, whose goal is to do that very thing_
Georgia (Something Sensible): like i asked jess what a PNG file was and she answered so easy
Jess (whoozica): I just feel stupid rn cuz I've made like 3 sewing mistakes in a row
Georgia (Something Sensible): like you dont know what you know, until you meet someone who has no idea
Erik (slendergiant): Completely unrelated... I'm starting to regret those cherries. Since they're cherries in alcohol, they basically taste like cough medicine... and I didn't realize that they also needed to be refrigerated after opening... so there's going to be a jar of boozy cough medicine cherries in our fridge for a few years...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof... deff not a satisfying taste lol
Jess (whoozica): Oh yea that don't sound good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sooo my DVD drive in my computer just fell out?!
Marisa (Weeb): oh
Marisa (Weeb): did you try turning it off and on again
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I guess the screw that we found the other night did go to my computer and it was holding that in. But like what the hell?
Erik (slendergiant): I feel like at this point you just need to get a new computer
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Honestly.... yea 😅 The people who fix it just keep seeming to give it back to me with some sort of new issue...
Marisa (Weeb): you need a Real mechanic
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hoping that since it's just held in with a screw my dad can easily fix it for me later. And that there are no more issues after this D:
