Georgia (Something Sensible): Someone smashed the hood of a car last night at my work, so I'm going like cross-eyed staring at the footage from last nights security cameras
Georgia (Something Sensible): It's so boring I've been doing it an hour 😭
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): shit.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh JESIS
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Is it a high traffic spot, you can't up the speed to look for a single change?
Georgia (Something Sensible): It happened between 9 pm and 7 am
Georgia (Something Sensible): So the cameras are pretty dark
Georgia (Something Sensible): I'm mostly looking for a change in shadows
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ^
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): exactly, look for the constant patterns in the video, then look for them to change.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Is there a way to brighten the footage?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I doubt it? The cost of repairs is 1200 dollars tho so that's kind of a big deal
Jess (whoozica): oof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omfg
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not quickly. It'd be like updating the brightness of 10*60*60 hours.
Georgia (Something Sensible): My mom fired someone yesterday too so I'm mostly watching to see if it's that guy who did it
snow ( crescentbladed ): yIKES
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): or 10\*60\*30, if the FPS is low.
Georgia (Something Sensible): 1 picture per second lol
Jess (whoozica): dang
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): FPS that low would give Tom a heartattack.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): it'd still likely be more effort than it's worth to brighten every frame.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I'm wondering if the video can be brightened
Georgia (Something Sensible): Cause this jerkoff shouldn't get away with causing that much damage
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): what is the video? a file on a computer?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): mp4, mov, etc, avi, etc?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): can you brighten the screen? i mean that wont help MUCH but maybe a little?
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have no clue im tryna export it now
Georgia (Something Sensible): i WAS using it straight from the app
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeet i compressed an hour of footage into 2 minutes
Georgia (Something Sensible): and upped the brightness
Georgia (Something Sensible): detective georgia is on the case
