Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay so I’m having hella anxiety over my Pyrrha cosplay. I’m super scared because I have never made armor and idk how to go about it other than buy worbla. Plus I’ve never made a corset and I’m just freaking out and it’s driving me crazy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I would say worbla or foam is your best bet to use making the armor. I made mine out of worbla (granted it isnt the best cause first time using material) but it's a really sturdy material and once you get the hang of it it's really easy to use 😃 
if you use the material and have questions feel free to hit me up ^_^
Erik (slendergiant): Ask Meg and Georgia!
Jess (whoozica): YOU CAN DO IT!
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEAH YOU GOT THIS!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Do your best, learn from your mistakes, and keep at it till it's everything you dreamed of. <@!327835140216586242> had what, 7 or 8 iterations?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm with bill! it took me 2 shots to get my yang arm perfect, so it may be a bit of a hit or miss, but no matter what you'll do great! You've already got the right shaping for the corset so you're already doing fantastic with that.  Armor can be tough but i'd definitely recommend using worbla, it's more forgiving than foam :x
Georgia (Something Sensible): I personally use a craft foam interior with a worbla exterior (you get the beeest of both worlds)
Georgia (Something Sensible): And yeah it's pretty tough, but you can do it!
Georgia (Something Sensible): Worst case scenario, I'll be at RTX too, if you did Pyrrha Friday I could lend you like half my shit lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!245270932602486784> how did you make your pattern for your armor?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Especially the neck piece
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And how did you keep@it all together
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like how did you get in and out XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): Depends on which piece, the neck piece I did some MATH and measured the height of my neck as well as the circumference
Georgia (Something Sensible): So then I cut out a curvy rectangle to fit it
Georgia (Something Sensible): And then it closes in the back with Velcro
Georgia (Something Sensible): It fits well, except if I cough really hard then it pops open cause my neck muscles are so strong 😜
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XD okay Velcro 
I was thinking maybe heavy duty magnets
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Because you often move your head a lot, my suggestion would be Velcro
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oooh okay
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also what kind of glue did you use to put t all  together?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Hot gluuuue
Georgia (Something Sensible): And the natural sticky nature of worbla
Georgia (Something Sensible): Worbla sticks to worbla pretty nicely
Georgia (Something Sensible): That's how the outer pieces of my neckpiece stay on the main rectangle
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): get regular yellow worbla btw, dont get black worbla
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): black worbla doesnt like to stick to itself....makes projects 50x more frustrating
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah agreeed
Marisa (Weeb): o ye be careful of  super strong magnets close to your head for a long period of time, that can be unsafe
snow ( crescentbladed ): _its gonna come out great_
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What about white Worbla?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Transparent worbla? Naaaah
Georgia (Something Sensible): White worbla I haven't tried
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): white worbla i heard is similar to thibra in that it leaves fingerprints very easily, other than that ive heard good things about it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but you have to be careful about leaving dents and stuff because its much more malleable than regular worbla
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I might just go with regular
Ginny Liz: Orrrrrr use foam because Worbla is the devil. Cover it in stretch gold pleather
Ginny Liz: It will also be 100000% more comfortable than Worbla around your neck
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That’s...actually not a bad idea! Can you make the stretch pleather worn looking at all? Can it be sewn to the foam before I try and shape it?
Ginny Liz: You can use acrylic or fabric paints to weather it!
Ginny Liz: Leather paints probably will stick the best, but the other paints will still work pretty well for armor pieces
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Omg I never thought of this at all.
Ginny Liz: If you need help with foam, check out Evil Ted's tutorials. He makes everything with a heat gun, an exacto knife, and contact cement
Ginny Liz: Also has a ton of patterns
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ah I mean I use worbla cause I can chuck that across the room and it'll be okay
Georgia (Something Sensible): I'm not careful lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): Foam breaks too easy with me
Georgia (Something Sensible): Though my shield is some THICC foam that's really well sealed
Georgia (Something Sensible): And that shit survived falling in a stream lmao
Georgia (Something Sensible): So foam CAN be durable
Ginny Liz: It depends on the density of the foam
Ginny Liz: TNT Cosplay Supply's 6mm is extra durable
Ginny Liz: I usually build with 5mm or 6mm foam
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Would you recommend 6mm for my full set of armor?
Ginny Liz: BUT if you back it with fabric or use wire to support it,  it's extra durable
Ginny Liz: My Cinder arm thing is 4mm foam backed with cheesecloth
Georgia (Something Sensible): Depends on which armor piece
Ginny Liz: I would say no bigger than 6mm
Ginny Liz: For reference, my Canary brestplate is 5mm foam from HobbyLobby (which is GREAT foam, but Hobby Lobby is evil sooo)
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cheesecloth? Is that the wire you’re mentioning? I was thinking of using 6 for the main pieces and 4-5mm for details.
Ginny Liz: Any kind of medium weight fabric works. Cotton/broadcloth/etc. I slather it in Mod Podge
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The fabric or the foam?
Ginny Liz: The fabric!
Ginny Liz: I use plastidip for sealing the foam
Ginny Liz: Mod podge *can* work but it requires multiple watered down thin coats and sanding in between the coats and is honestly a pain, though it is cheaper
Georgia (Something Sensible): Truuue
Georgia (Something Sensible): I use gesso
Georgia (Something Sensible): Loooots of gesso
Ginny Liz: I've had problems with Gesso cracking 😦
Georgia (Something Sensible): Doesn't crack with worbla, that's why lol
Ginny Liz: HA fair
Georgia (Something Sensible): If I used foam I'd be GANKED
Ginny Liz: I just hate Worbla
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Really? I never thought of that? 
So would I foam base, shape it, plastidip, fabric with wire, modgepodge?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also you mentioned wire to hold the fabric shape?
Ginny Liz: AH NO SORRY I AM BEING CONFUSE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): No it’s okay sorry for asking so many questions >.<
Erik (slendergiant): I kind of want to try worbla to remake my Taiyang spaulder
Ginny Liz: I've used wire to hold thin shapes (like my art nouveau meg belt), but usually foam is dense enough to hold its own shape
snow ( crescentbladed ): ~~I’m learning so much rn~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ooooh okay!! Can you get the wire at Joann’s or do I have to go somewhere else?
Ginny Liz: Joann's wire is great. 14-16 gauge is about what you want
Ginny Liz: But idk if you'd need it for Pyrrha things
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Maybe her belt if I don’t just use one I have
Georgia (Something Sensible): I'd say overall use worbla for the leg armoe
Georgia (Something Sensible): Cause that shit is gonna take DAMAGE
Georgia (Something Sensible): Everything else you can get by with foam
Georgia (Something Sensible): (Though I personally like worbla for all)
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!245270932602486784> how did you pattern out Pyrrha’s leg and head piece?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Did you do plastic wrap and duct tape or did you do something else?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Legs I did that
Georgia (Something Sensible): Head I just used a strip of paper lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): I'm at skool right now but I can send pics when I go home
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That would be awesome!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thanks everyone for the advice
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): time to bust out the folder from the saikou contest.
