Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I'm trying to prep for my interview tomorrow and the more I'm looking through their website, the more I'm regretting scheduling this interview...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like, the website is kind of a mess which gives a really bad impression about what the rest of the company must be like because our company is the same way
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *the copyright on this company's website says 2015 omg*
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oooooh noooo that’s not good vibes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So tomorrow shall be interesting
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If you don’t like the looks of it, you don’t have to accept. You’ll get interview exp, and if you get an offer you can use that to estimate how much money you should be asking for.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): #truefacts
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!386874959009415170> slay dat intaview. You have a daughter to support!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thanks!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm just chilling in an empty parking lot in the same business park lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I've done that. Better to be heckin early after all.
Marisa (Weeb): don't think about penguins
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ok well... may or may not have made a dumb decision
Erik (Red Riot Thot): He called me back already offering the position
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And I declined
Matt (mattmyers25): If you didn't feel right about the company or job then declining was a good move
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Did you get the amount he was offering? Just for comparisons sake?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And Matt's right, you didn't feel right about it, so don't accept. Simple.
Jess (whoozica): if you weren't feelin' it you weren't feelin' it mah dude
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I gave my salary requirements which was 10k more than I currently make and he offered that. They had pretty good benefits but the more he talked about the position, the more I got a bad feeling.
Jess (whoozica): Monies not everything, changing jobs is stressful af so if you had a bad feeling then i think its better to go with your gut
Erik (Red Riot Thot): He said that the machines they design are so complex that there would be about a 2-3 year learning curve just to understand it all
Matt (mattmyers25): I agree with Jess
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And they're looking for someone who intends to stay there long term, like 10+ years
Matt (mattmyers25): Could you see yourself there for 10+ years?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Absolutely not
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I honestly don't see myself EVER staying with the same company that long
Erik (Red Riot Thot): This probably sounds bad, but I get bored after a while and want to experience different things
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ im the same way erik
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Well, you eventually want a career somewhere for long term benefits. But work environment is a HUGE part of the job, if you weren't going to enjoy it then fuck it.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): any company that needs that much a comitement is too much
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): (at least for me)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And even though there are actually more engineers, they're all electrical and I'd be the only mechanical so that was also a huge nope
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And the fact that he made the decision so quickly tells me they're desperate to hire someone ~~even though I'm pretty sure I'm only the second to interview~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think you made a wise decision for yourself
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but it was good to get out there and do the interview
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah, I agree
