Rebecca (madameterralupus): There's this white van that keeps parking in the lot of our section of the outlet and sitting for a bit, and then leaving. And then coming back. It's like circles and came back 3 times now. Idk who do what it is but it's starting to creep me out... it comes back again my ass is calling security....
Cause idk for me a young girl working in a store alone... that's not comforting 🤔
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeaaaah that's weird as heck
Marisa (Weeb): oooo nooo. did they come back?
maybe it's the fbi
Rebecca (madameterralupus): No they didn't thankfully. But it was really weird...
And thankfully <@!155492347122155520> was cool and let me call him when leaving to feel safer 😂
Jess (whoozica): ~~could it be Pokemon go?~~ cuz sometimes I get creeped out that people are parked outside my office window and then I realised it's a Pokemon go gym
Rebecca (madameterralupus): oof ya know it could be o.o Cause our store is right near the flagpole which is a pokestop XD
But why would ya leave and keep coming back XD
Jess (whoozica): Maybe to get others in the area? There's like 5 min reset on them
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): first world problem vent time.... ahahahaaaaaa 
so, i spent the week trying to figure out a hotel room for me and the person im dating that i could afford on top of my tattoo cost for the convention on saturday. I had a whole weekend planned out and everything.... so this morning i finally found a decent hotel at a reasonable price. i hit book. and not even 2 minutes later, like it was on cue i get a message "hey, so i have a bit of a conundrum... i forgot its my best friends birthday party on saturday" 

AHHHHHHHHAHAAAAAAA 
like i totally understand and i said it was fine and not to worry but internally im just like :
https://media.giphy.com/media/z9AUvhAEiXOqA/giphy.gif
Jess (whoozica): OH NOoo 😭
Jess (whoozica): is there someone else you can take? the tatoo convention is pretty popular
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'm currently asking around, but THE SALT IS REAL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): anyone in here wanna go? 👀
Jess (whoozica): im busy 😭
Jess (whoozica): they prob throw me out cuz of my non tatoo-ed-ness
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOL "get outa here, ya poser"
Jess (whoozica): fo real
Erik (slendergiant): *shows up with a sleeve of children's temporary tattoos*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats honestly goals
jenna ( snowcappedcos ): I hope u find someone to go! I also a have a bday party that day 😎
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean i cant really be mad at him because im an idiot who planned this on the same day of georgias bday party thinking it was the week before... xD i fucked up too (SORRY GEORGIA x.x)
Georgia (Something Sensible): IT OKIE FRAND you'll be with us in spirit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll be sure to do some **in pain** under the needle story posts to make up for it
Jess (whoozica): whatchu gettin done?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): adam and barbara from beetlejuice with their stretched out monster faces on the back of both my elbows
Jess (whoozica): yooooo thats sweet af
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll take pics once theyre done! im excited!
Jess (whoozica): 👌  nicceee
Erik (slendergiant): someone bring a bee plush as Leanna's stand-in
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We have a bee plush at Moore's 👀 don't tempt me to get it and do exactly that 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~do it~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~make sure it drinks water~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *just dumps water on it*
