Rebecca (madameterralupus): I guess this is the chat I'll put this in??
So I'm going to be applying to a new position at my job we are hiring for now. A PT floral specialist. Here's to hoping I get it >.<
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): good luck
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thanks! 😃
Jess (whoozica): Working with people who dont know how to use proper proofreader's marks is so damn confusing. ~~especially when they only wanna make changes to feel like they had input and not for any real reasons, not to mention those changes are all improper grammer~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~*grammar~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~sorry~~
Jess (whoozica): its ok, I'm terrible at spelling
Jess (whoozica): but at least I don't insist on using improper spelling on marketing items because I wanna feel like I contributed XD
Jess (whoozica): Amazon needs a setting to "hide" items (that actually works across everything). Tom and I only have one Prime account for the two of us, but im sitting here doing Christmas shopping and a notification pops us that a package has shipped.... one of MY presents.... like he even hid the item from the history and everything but the live notification on our laptop dont follow that i guess? 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh no! 😱
Jess (whoozica): like amazon plz i dont have 2 prime accounts just for christmas and birthdays let me be surprised
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Did it tell you what is was? 😦
Jess (whoozica): yea 😦 it had a pic
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😦 Oh dang. Well hopefully no other gifts are ruined surprise wise for you guys
Jess (whoozica): I hope not! i hate finding out gifts ahead of time 😓
Mark (Mad Doctor): We have the same problem in our house.   We have to get creative for surprise gifts
Jess (whoozica): YEA knew i couldn't be the only one who has this problem
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm. We often get gifts ruined cause stuff is shipped to the house obvs and when we look at label sometimes we catch the company name. Like the other year I ruined the surprise of my worbla cause my dad was reading the label to see who's it was and read the name "Yaya Han" out loud and I was like 👀
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My mom now ships any gifts of mine to her work I think so that doesn't happen XD ~~Although she was looking in her email for something the other day w/ me and I saw Rooster Teeth Store sooo i kinda ruined the surprise of knowing I got merch from there. Unsure what though lol OOPS~~
Jess (whoozica): yea i like purposely try to not read boxes and just read the name but when the company name is on its hard to not at least have an idea
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm deff!
Marisa (Mawisa): Wow that sucks
I wonder if they can implement a holiday feature to avoid that
Marisa (Mawisa): Meanwhile I’m over here cross examining witnesses and Sherlock holmesing my way into figuring out what BoJo is getting me
Marisa (Mawisa): If amazon ruins Christmas they should give you free presents
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Mark (Mad Doctor): Seems fair
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Even though I'm the only one on my account, I've been shipping my family's gifts to an Amazon locker 😅
Marisa (Mawisa): What’s that
If a delivery guy keeps messing up the packages and putting them in the wrong mailboxes can they be shoved in the locker
Marisa (Mawisa): With water and saltines of course
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What even is an amazon locker? O.o Like where do they have such a thing? I never heard of them until you said that's where you shipped Red Riot Hood Erik XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): When you go to select your shipping address, you can look up where the closest one to you is
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Mine's behind a Speedway gas station lol
