Rebecca (madameterralupus): Time for another presentation 🙃
Jamie (Jamie): You'll do awesome! Deep breaths and be awesome as always
Matt (mattmyers25): I GOT BENEFITS FROM THE STATE!!! FUCK YOU FORMAL EMPLOYER
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Have you heard back from the place you interviewed at yet?
Matt (mattmyers25): Yup. PM me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙃 we ran out of time for more presentations lol... now i have to email professor on what to do
Marisa (Mawisa): have you been sitting there waiting to present for like 15 hours
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol i've just been nervous to go so I wait a while and the one girls took up most of the time cause its a good topic and now we ran out of time XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): The haters...... they are progressing forward........ no longer screaming “hawt tit”
Marisa (Mawisa): THAT WAS NOT ONE SENT BY ME
Jess (whoozica): THATS NOT ALLOWED ON TUMBLR
Georgia (Something Sensible): Tho who’s gonna tell this guy this is the last platform that someone should request NSFW content lol
Marisa (Mawisa): not that i ever send you asks
Georgia (Something Sensible): EXACTLY
Jess (whoozica): ugh 😭
Matt (mattmyers25): And now the FBI will kick their door in
Erik (Red Riot Thot): wow, you must be swooning over him for complimenting your breasts
Jess (whoozica): how original
Georgia (Something Sensible): Of course
Georgia (Something Sensible): Noah who? Never heard of him. I only have eyes for crusty Anon-kun now
Jess (whoozica): but georgia HE'LL PAY
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://giphy.com/gifs/mrw-summer-sale-uFtywzELtkFzi
Georgia (Something Sensible): What if I did what ryan does with the “PayPal me 5 dollars and I’ll send you something sweet ;)”
Georgia (Something Sensible): And then send a picture of a cat or smol bird or something cute to that email, and that’s it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh, what does he actually send them?
Jess (whoozica): sund a cupcake
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh lol
Marisa (Mawisa): the sweet thing you send is hundreds of e-mails an hour after signing him up for a spam service
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): Sign up the email for Christian mingle
Marisa (Mawisa): http://www.equestriansingles.com/
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Damn son
you want fucking rwby chibi?: oh my god g
Jess (whoozica): I spent my whole day working on a power point so i made myself a meme to cope
