snow ( karma chameleon ): I got an injection in my spine today and lost all feeling of everything,, is this progress
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O.o Damn that sounds painful. Are you okay??
snow ( karma chameleon ): It was so bad I apparently just fainted xD I’m okay, I can’t drive for a while though :/
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh damn. That's really scary. Hopefully you feel better soon. And damn that's no fun.
Marisa (Weeb): i hope you regain feeling soon in a good non-painful way :0
Marisa (Weeb): does anybody fly a lot
i've been tracking airline prices and like. I only need a one-way ticket but round trip tickets are way cheaper?? I'm talking like $500 cheaper.
is it illegal to buy an international round trip and then just cancel the return flight. i don't need a refund or anything because i'd be saving money, even if there's a cancellation fee.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just go one way and then ditch your return? I don't think there's anything that says you can't do that. You just "missed" your flight
Marisa (Weeb): yeah but that causes more work for the airline because they start calling you in the airport and on your phone, and you have to let them know if you won't show up so they can give the seat to people waiting for open spots
Marisa (Weeb): "give my seat to flat stanley"
snow ( karma chameleon ): If you book a round trip flight and ditch your return, it’s really not too much of a hassle. They’ll finish up boarding and a non-revenue  customer ( someone whose flight was cancelled or missed ) will be given the spot, if not them then an airline employee will be given it for free. Hi
Marisa (Weeb): Hi
Thank you karma karma karma karma karma chameleon
Yeah so I guess I just call them the day before to cancel my ticket and hope they don’t put a warrant out for my arrest
Tom (tomukuncosplay): They come and find you at your house and kidnapped you back to Japan
Tom (tomukuncosplay): NOPE, YOU PAID FOR THIS LADY
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Jokes on them, I’ll cut a bitch before I let Mawisa leave the states again. Whose with me.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: <:stab:410286641668685825>
Tom (tomukuncosplay): 🗡
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://media.giphy.com/media/l378aNpewxd1XyLcs/giphy.gif
Marisa (Weeb): i'll send you waifu figures to decorate your prison rooms
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My professors are blessing me this week by cancelling classes. Thank god. 🙏 Cause all I wanna do is lay in bed 😫
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I do hope I feel better tomorrow though so I can go to Jamie and Jason's for Halloween :\
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So my boss just came in an offered me the opportunity to take over the quality manager position with the potential to bump my salary 10k by the end of next year...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yike, hard pass
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's not worth it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Do not want
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 🙅
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's not a bad salary bump but yeaa if your job truly stresses you out as much as you say it's not worth it. Happiness is more important than money. What did you tell him?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like yeah, the money would be fantastic, but this place is such a mess and that position has too much responsibility that I do not want
Jess (whoozica): big mood
Erik (Red Riot Thot): He gave me 24 hours to think about it but I already know I'm going to turn it down
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm that's good you didn't have to let him know right away/he gave ya time to think. Have you heard back from that other place you applied at yet? The one in I think you said Harrisburg?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): "potential to".
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): as in "if the company doesn't fail".
Mark (Mad Doctor): Smart decision. It takes a lot of pay to compensate for your sanity
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The fun part is when you find out what that number is.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Basically he was throwing me an opportunity to progress further up a career path I have no desire to get into
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Saying if I worked here 2-4 more years how much experience I could gain
Erik (Red Riot Thot): He also mentioned something about if I was here in 10 years and I had to hold in a laugh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/184/013/fdb.gif
