Halim (Greg) (jake): Ok yall
Halim (Greg) (jake): No offense but this is a bit much
Halim (Greg) (jake): I get it that this person is impersonating and super in the wrong
Halim (Greg) (jake): But throwing 4k people at somebody as a call out for a random like 130 follower account?
Halim (Greg) (jake): Or having people spam shit at them?
Halim (Greg) (jake): It's fine that we laughed at them in here and all or joked with friends
Halim (Greg) (jake): But you cant just make a mass attack
Halim (Greg) (jake): If all 20 of us reported the account it would get taken down by insta, theres no need for this kind of vitriol
Halim (Greg) (jake): Call out culture is super negative and destructive, as some of us should already know and have witnessed with our friends. Yes they did something wrong but spreading shit like that isnt healthy 
Be the bigger people and report them, and ask them to take down the photos 
The accounts going to be gone soon anyways
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s copyright infringement and identity theft Hal. Instagram is a crap shoot as far as moderation. You CANT report an impersonating account unless you are the one being impersonated. Rumor mongering is one thing, and shouldn’t be done, but blatant theft is another.
Halim (Greg) (jake): Bill 
I'm not saying they arent in the wrong 
I'm saying that two wrongs dont make a right, and that we can be better than that. 
No need to bully them into submission
Halim (Greg) (jake): Were better than that, and when you do a public blast, you also invite people who are worse than us into it.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We all reported it as best as we could. That's all we did and are going to do. I requested to follow just to see if they'd try to steal anything else in the meantime until taken down. None of us are actually going to comment the stuff we said, we are all smarter and better than that. We were just joking around and making light of the crappy situation. But a call out for this person should be done sort of because they are stealing another persons work (two in this case cause costumes and photos took). Plus an identity is being stolen in a sort. What this person is doing isn't right and they need stopped. It's completely wrong to steal work and impersonate someone you are not without credit and trying to fully claim you *are* that person when not ~~obviously acting impersonators are a different case cause they don't claim to fully be the person acting as~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Spreading information and bullying are different things. Messaging the account, as trollish as it would be, would be excessive. Instagram may or may not fix the problem, they have notoriously bad support. Only one person can actually report them, and she did. Ignoring the theft of mine and other photographers images (ah fuck it, there's no way to prevent people from stealing them, I know that), people need to know that Georgia's face his her own. This is not the worst case scenario, obviously this is a garbage account, but there is damage that can be done to one's reputation by a false account. Not to mention the thought of 'why did someone do this to begin with', questioning if they're using it for some other purpose. Spreading knowledge keeps unnecessary trouble from forming when you have a large following.
Halim (Greg) (jake): In the two chats im in this has been brought up to alone, there are almost the same number of people as this accounts followers
Report it, get friends to. The person wasnt saying they wereGeorgia, nor were they tagging anything at all. At best it looked like a weak attempt at a catfish account or somebody pretending to be enjoying life for friends. We might not be super aggressive, but how about the several thousand of people who are our fans? 
If we reported it and Georgia reported it, the account would be gone in a day. The public doesnt need to be involved
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): What this person did was WRONG and they deserve to have the account deactivated that is indisputable but how you went able calling this girl out? THAT act is childish and immature. Georgia is a role model to a lot of ppl, ESPECIALLY younger cosplayers and what she showed them today was that call out culture is ok.  And then sending your following after her? Even just to comment “poop emojis” that was embarrassing to watch
Georgia (Something Sensible): No offense y’all
Georgia (Something Sensible): But she was using my likeness
Georgia (Something Sensible): As her own
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s really fucking creepy
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I wanted to take it in a lighthearted way
Georgia (Something Sensible): You’re entitled to your opinions but I can sleep fine at night having the reaction that I did
Georgia (Something Sensible): End of conversation.
Marisa (Weeb): This store’s music is so scary. Im just trying to buy candy and some hand warmers and they have the most explicit song I’ve ever heard playing. 90% of words are slurs or curses and there are a bunch of foreign children in here I’m shocked their parents didn’t whisk them away
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔 im surprised a store would even be playing that.. da fuq
Marisa (Weeb): A lot of stores play pretty questionable stuff but this is the most explicit I’ve heard by far. Beats the suit store by a mile.
Marisa (Weeb): At least the suit store will be all adults but this is practically Japanese Walmart it’s a family store why this
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So 
I got this comment and
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That’s how I responded
Marisa (Weeb): has this person never seen another human
Jess (whoozica): Wow WTF
Erik (Red Riot Thot): What a rude thing to say? Like, props for the way you responded (and hopefully made them feel like an ass), but like, why would someone say that ON YOUR POST???
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I mean
I do have a jaw that could rival Angelina Jolie’s 
I saw this at 4 in the morning and was like lol XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They have an anime icon their opinion is invalid
Evie (Katheryne Knight): If that’s the worst comment I get on a post I’m having a good day honestly.
Jess (whoozica): ~~"whoever is playing 'clevercynic' looks like a little bitch"~~
Marisa (Weeb): lol @ invalid
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Means I could probably pull off Loki without heavily contouring my face
Jess (whoozica): Pay them no mind they don't know what they talking about
Evie (Katheryne Knight): GUYS
I GOT MY FIRST REAL REAL HATE COMMENT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Marisa (Weeb): GRAB YER PITCHFORKS
Georgia (Something Sensible): _wow_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Stupid person leaving stupid comment plz stop
Marisa (Weeb): time for murder
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just blocked them 
Like I’m laughing
Georgia (Something Sensible): Stupid commenter plz stop
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Honestly I’m kinda proud that I’ve made it this far
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I got my first hate comment. This is a milestone
Marisa (Weeb): "Live naruto music dance skating and horses 10"
Marisa (Weeb): they roast themselves tbh
Georgia (Something Sensible): Print it out and frame it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It’s probably a troll account 
If they come back over and over it will be an issue. I’ll just keep blocking them cause idgaf what they think
Marisa (Weeb): the hitlist begins
Georgia (Something Sensible): _people with anime girl profile pictures are invalid_
Jess (whoozica): Wttfff
Jess (whoozica): Leave Gen Alone 2018
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Honestly after my fat ass breaking the button off my new Neo pants, this was a good laugh today
Georgia (Something Sensible): You think they’d have to have pretty sad lives to be going around on the internet and undercutting pretty girls’ confidence
Evie (Katheryne Knight): WE GOT ANOTHER INE
Jess (whoozica): Ok seriously WTF is going on today?!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I KNOW
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also I love Tyrian so...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also 13 followers? Nmp
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Weird you're getting the sudden attention though.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah where’s it coming from wtf
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Cosplay Tyrian and @ them and just be like is this better?? XD
Mark (Mad Doctor): Same person? Or a team of middle school mean girls?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Probably some butthurt assholes who didn't like your rant last night about stealing content
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF SHIT FAM U MIGHT BE RIGHT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What if it’s Katelyn Bellamy’s little friends
Evie (Katheryne Knight): “Katelyn Bellamy”
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Damn wtfff
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I find it mildly ironic that this weirdo's "brother" is impersonating the lead singer of *literally* my favorite band....it's a strange world out there my dudes
Halim (Greg) (jake): You know what would be funny
Halim (Greg) (jake): If this person actually isnt connected to that account 
And is impersonating his sister
Halim (Greg) (jake): Thougg ngl both accounts are probably the same person
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m just blocking all the people that seem to be associated with the account
Mark (Mad Doctor): How likely is it that many of their followers are their other fake accounts?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg highly likely
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): *every single account that follows them is just another one of their fake accounts*
snow ( karma chameleon ): one big fake family
