Erik (slendergiant): I have my phone interview in 5 minutes and I'm lowkey hella nervous
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You got this!!!
Erik (slendergiant): Thanks
Jess (whoozica): good luck!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You got this! And good luck! 🤗
Erik (slendergiant): Once I actually am on the phone I usually calm down, but it's just the waiting part that's annoying
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm I feel that. I get the same way
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yup. It's alot easier to do anything once you start.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): "20 seconds of courage is all it takes for something amazing to happen" - Matt Damon
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *"Because after that you're in the deep end and it's sink or swim boi" - Addendum by me*
Jess (whoozica): slaes guy from the printing company was just here. He reeks of cologne and wouldn't stop talking about hows hes "glad im still a blonde"  because he "prefers blondes"  and went on to explain that his 2 exwives and gf are blondes 🙄
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YIKES YIKES YIKES
Jess (whoozica): like ok you've won creep of the day congrats
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Do you know when he shows up? Wear your Seven wig.
Jess (whoozica): lmao
Jess (whoozica): but nah he drops in unannounced
Erik (slendergiant): *"Oh nice, my husband is a blonde too"*
Erik (slendergiant): Also, finished the interview. Not sure how I feel. Some parts went alright and others not so much
Jess (whoozica): ~~hes also like pushing 50~~
and awwww, well i guess youll find out. Did the company seem decent?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ye, it’s really hard to judge people by voice alone. Don’t think one way or the other on it till you get an answer.
Erik (slendergiant): The guy I talked with was nice. He talked about his background with the company and then I talked about my background and then we delved into discussion of different manufacturing processes which seemed to go okay (like talking about the differences and similarities between machining, casting, injection molding, and 3D printing and which would be better in different scenarios) and then we went into problem solving scenarios which is where it started going downhill. And then at the end of the interview they always ask "Do you have any questions for us?" and I can never think of any
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm sure it went better than you think. And don't worry I never can think of questions right at the end of the interview either. They always come to me later :/ lol
