Rebecca (madameterralupus): > Me all week: I can't wait to have a day off to relax and lounge around
> Me now: I'm so bored... I wanna go to work 

X
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): honestly I feel that most days
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I just always need something to do lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Same. I don't like sitting around cause I get achy and bored fast. D:
Matt (mattmyers25): Same lol I going crazy unemployed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^Lmao wanna come here and do some shit XD
Matt (mattmyers25): Pay me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~pays you in friendship XDD~~
Matt (mattmyers25): No XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😭
Marisa (Weeb): underclassmen get a 4 day weekend while we have to go to school on thanksgiving and respect for the elderly day
they literally had to send us an e-mail saying "the entire building will be closed and no one aside from your class will be in the building but you still have class. You can get to the classroom by going to the security booth, showing them your student ID, and asking them to take you to the third floor because otherwise everything will be locked, you won't be able to get inside, and you can't use the elevators." thanks.
Matt (mattmyers25): That sucks
Marisa (Weeb): I feel bad for the security guard. We have like 30 people he’s gonna be making a lot of trips
Matt (mattmyers25): True. Also, this may be the 1 time where you wish the guard didnt get the memo about class happening. Doubt that would happen
Marisa (Weeb): Yeah omg “the buildings closed today. Go home.”
He’d be like “why are all these foreigners talking to me today I’m just supposed to guard the building. are they lost tourists”
Jamie (Jamie): Whelp fuck the horrible people in this world/country cuz wow im not surprised anymore and thats just sad
Jamie (Jamie): 
snow ( karma chameleon ): Do I buy a new laptop or build a desktop
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Always depends what you need it.for, but desktops are generally longer lasting <:mew_face:498919883766235137>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): First question: do you want to be portable or nah?
Tom (tomukuncosplay): The main question
