Georgia (Something Sensible): But the closet is for the gays :V
Georgia (Something Sensible): Honestly she may even think it’s gross to be gay idk
Georgia (Something Sensible): She’s pretty damn conservative
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ugh Idk how you’re standing this 
But you are
Hang in there girl
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): She the invincible girl.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~But bitch needs a reality check and who better than tournament champion of mistral~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): 💪💪💪💪
Georgia (Something Sensible): Honestly between physics and the gym and friends, I’m not at the dorm often
Georgia (Something Sensible): Plus the other suitemates are on my side
Georgia (Something Sensible): They just didn’t have this problem with Sarah last year cause her roommate was never there
Georgia (Something Sensible): She was a party girl that slept in other peoples dorms
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): As long as you are able to live your college life, okay. But go to bat if she’s ruining your day consistently.
Matt (mattmyers25): Sounds like Sarah needs to get the stick out of her ass and realize the world doesn't revolve around her
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I’ll probably bring it up
Georgia (Something Sensible): If I sit on the fact that it annoys me it’s only gonna get worse
Matt (mattmyers25): Hope the meeting goes well tonight and you get the results you want
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!245270932602486784> my friend shared these on her instastory.... i think your roommate needs these 😂 knocks two things out at once lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): OOOO NICU
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hey does anyone know how to connect your FB page to insta? I logged back onto Facebook, and now I can’t get t to connect to my page. Just my profile
Erik (slendergiant): I think you might need a business account to link to a page
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’ve never had to do that before
Evie (Katheryne Knight): O.o
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I think you have to go to insta and click on open facebook?
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Thanks how I get from insta to facebook
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): 
Erik (slendergiant): Oh wait yeah you can. Go to linked accounts and link Facebook. Tap on it and it should let you select where to share it on Facebook
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof how do o get to linked accounts again?
Erik (slendergiant): 
Erik (slendergiant): 
Erik (slendergiant): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): FAK IM JUST DUMB IGNORE ME
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Tells you how often I did it
Erik (slendergiant): So low key, work has been very dull for me. Like, I don't really have any important pressing projects to work on at the moment? Mostly just have a decent amount of documents to update but they're not really hot at the moment. Right now I'm trying to declutter my desk and I'm finally getting around to filing a shit ton of purchase orders I forgot to file when I was taking care of that while our customer service person was out on vacation... back in June...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): dull can be as bad as busy...
Jess (whoozica): i feel you, my job is either super busy or super not busy
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’ve been hella stressed at my job. I don’t like working here anymore. The only people who kept the workplace fresh left, and the new person doesn’t like to help on the teller side. So I’m by myself today because my other co-worker is at an all day training.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And just everyone is kinda miserable
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): id rather be busy than bored all day, the boredom of my job is what kills me too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh no
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Only issue is I’ve only had the job for 6 months so I don’t want to go leaving t already 

But through this job I’m realizing that while I’m good at customer service, it’s beginning to put a lot of strain on me
Erik (slendergiant): The boredom is definitely taking a toll. Like, as much as I hate this company, I still feel guilty for basically getting paid to fuck around on my computer all day?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That, but then you have to justify every hour of the day as billable to the client or non billable.
Erik (slendergiant): Like yesterday after lunch I basically spent the rest of the day designing those business cards
Erik (slendergiant): Yeah that's even worse for you
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I've gotten rather good at being good and descriptive to make sure my days look busy.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Cause billable good, non billable bad.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Just laid out a plan for the last quarter though, and there's some concrete (finally) work items in there.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So when people aren't pinging me with random requests (like, over 50% of my day to day) I have something to fall back on.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I honestly wish I could be on the computer all day but they don’t let tellers have access to anything at my job.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I’m on my phone, but I can’t update my website or do anything on it
Jess (whoozica): yea i bs alot of my day, for example, right now im looking at real estate listing for no reason
Georgia (Something Sensible): Tales of my roommate continue: she came back from breakfast and put this MEGA big mango on the windowsill
Jess (whoozica): take it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Push it out the window.
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m so tempted to write owo on it
Georgia (Something Sensible): SO tempted
Erik (slendergiant): MangOwO
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Fucking DO IT
Erik (slendergiant): Or...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Tell her your allergic to it or it's blocking your view xD see how she reacts
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Get her one of these.
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Omg thats it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Tell her your allergic. 
She throws it out
Open back pack
Eat mango
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Georgia have you given her a snickers yet
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg I haven’t
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s so passive aggressive tho I love it lmao
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *bows*
Erik (slendergiant): https://i.pinimg.com/originals/cf/84/3f/cf843f00c15ef9f2117a69a0c726f827.jpg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): HOLY sHIT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Jess (whoozica): lmaooooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): Her mom was over yesterday and honestly that was the shortest angriest lady
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
YEET HER OUT OF THERE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oooooof
Fuuuuuuck that
Georgia (Something Sensible): O man the kid in front of me smells so bad I’m getting real nauseous
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 💩
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like I’m tryna hide my nose in my flannel 😂
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
Good luck girly.
Georgia (Something Sensible): College bois..........plz
Georgia (Something Sensible): This is worse than con funk
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Never understood how people could not shower daily.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Does it smell like poop or pee because I had a kid like that in high school
Georgia (Something Sensible): Just like.... sour
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ugh
Yeah they need to shower
Georgia (Something Sensible): Sour sweat ewww
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like if they are justcomong from the gym I get it but like...other than that fucking clean yourself
Erik (slendergiant): I'd rather be late to class than skip showering in the morning
Georgia (Something Sensible): I wish others felt the same as you Erik lmao
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I’d skip class rather than leave the dorm without one~~
Erik (slendergiant): Like once I accidentally overslept and woke up 10 minutes before class and I still managed to shower and get to class on time
Jess (whoozica): might be their clothes too, if you leave your clothes in the washer too long after they're done they can get a sour smell
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): WOW, not only is a stink bomb in class; he’s one of those assholes who leaves his clothes in the community washer for hours.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ugh
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Next he'll kick puppies for fun.
Georgia (Something Sensible): I ran outside for fresh air and I’ve never been happier to smell a college campus
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh man.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There were these trees at Rowan that bloomed in the spring.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They lined the road through the campus, and most people had to walk past them at some point during the day.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~They smelled like jizz.~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I never understood why Rowan didn't cut them down, it was kinda gross.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ohhhhh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theres a church near my apartment that has a TON of those trees
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OKAY MY STIPID COLLEGE OLANETED TREES LILE THAY TOO WHERE I LIVED
Evie (Katheryne Knight): THEY SMELL LIKE SEWAGE AND I HATE IT
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Seriously, who decides to plant a tree like that? 😆
Jess (whoozica): wonder what they are called
Erik (slendergiant): Is it these? https://video-images.vice.com/_uncategorized/1491579534415-4534256493_e442928981_b.jpeg?resize=800:*
Erik (slendergiant): https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/qk97b3/trees-smell-like-vomit-jizz-barf-semen-spring
Jess (whoozica): LMAO THAT TITLE
Erik (slendergiant): RIGHT?
Erik (slendergiant): I Googled "smelly trees on college campuses" and that's what came up
Jess (whoozica): do it grow pears?
Jess (whoozica): they probably dont cost much and colleges are like "het these are pretty, order a fuckton"
Erik (slendergiant): They're apparently an invasive species
Jess (whoozica): of course
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Invasive to my nostrils.
Jess (whoozica): surprised i dont have any in my yard, the previous owners planted so many invasive things
you want fucking rwby chibi?: <@!245270932602486784> when can i come over and scare your shitty roommate half to death by just Existing As I Be—
Georgia (Something Sensible): No boys allowed didn’t you hear :V
