Evie (Katheryne Knight): Working in a bank, I realize how irresponsible people are with their money...
It’s very upsetting.
Erik (slendergiant): Have you not met me?
Erik (slendergiant): I should say, I'm *responsibly* irresponsible with my money lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ^
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's a M O O D
Jess (whoozica): I can imagine.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But like, you aren’t on SSI and blowing your money on luxury items on the first day it comes in.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!386874959009415170>
Erik (slendergiant): YIKES
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP!
Jess (whoozica): OK SO Im usually pretty strong willed with eating well and working out at least a few times a week, but as soon as cooler weather hits i have like no willpower or motivation anymore, does this happen to anyone else?
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): ye its normal
Erik (slendergiant): I'm new to the exercising thing, but I imagine as temperatures get colder it's going to take more willpower to go to the gym
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): instinctually you should be packing on wait this time of year
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): weight
Jess (whoozica): YEA thats what i was thinking hal
Erik (slendergiant): But, if you get a good workout in, that crimp cold air feels great
Jess (whoozica): my bodies like "oh no, gotta prepare for the hard winter, get them fat stores"
Jess (whoozica): yea you right about that erik
Jess (whoozica): so I ordered business cards for my company's  vice president and he insisted on having them on heavier stock, so i got stock samples form the printer and chose one thicker than what we originally had and ordered it on that heavier stock. They came in and they are not as heavy as what I thought I had ordered, but they are still thicker than the original. The printer insists that that are indeed the stock weight I ordered (they arent), my boss says that they are the stock that we original had (they arent) . They feel somewhere in the middle to me, but i dont know how to prove to the printer that they are thinner? I'm thinking about mailing them back the simple along with the card for comparison?  But like im kinda just like "It doesnt matter!"
Jess (whoozica): ~~is it 5:00 yet?~~
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): yeesh that sounds annoying, and kinda weird that the sample would be bigger than the actual card
Jess (whoozica): yea right? idk im like 😵  at this point 😂  they want me dispute it obviously but 1. I'm terrible at "fighting" for stuff like that and 2. i just dgaf
Erik (slendergiant): Doubt you have one readily available but you could measure the thickness with a caliper 😅
Jess (whoozica): I DID that's the annoying thing
Jess (whoozica): It's saying they are the same
Jess (whoozica): But the reading was kinda jumping so idk, it's Monday Jess's problem now 😂
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): OOOOOkay. Taiyaki is the best food ever, but my coworker needed my help to do a thing and I couldn't do it without my laptop. Which was 2 hours away. That was a stressful ride home.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Maybe measure ten at a time? Anyhow, having to fight for something when you dgaf is the worst.
