Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof so I got pulled over on Friday for my inspection stickers not being visible after having them remvoed for my windshield replacement, and I have to take off monday to get my car stuff figured out.

I messaged my boss on Saturday letting er know this was happenig. She didn't respond. I decided to text her tonight and she responded with she never got the first text, and I have to contact another person on top of her. Just contacted that person. I don't want them to think that I'm BSing them. I can just show her my text on Tuesday, but still that feeling makes me feel bad cause I don't want them to think I'm a bad worker.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I already feel bad for not doing this earlier when I got my windshield replaced.
Jess (whoozica): They didn't replace it for you? 😮 Safelite put mine back on somehow
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nope. They told me to go to a dealership. Never had ime to because they close exactly when I got off work. Drawbacks to working a bank job.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Not a dealership, but a carshop like NTB
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm just glad everything got confirmed, but I wish that she would have gotten my message on Saturday instead of Sunday at 8PM...makes it look like I made this up last minute.
Jess (whoozica): Yeah 😔 which you totally didn't. At least if they challenge you you have the proof
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yep! But I don't think they will... they aren't my old co-worker. That's something I have to retrain my brain to do is not think everyone is out to stab me in the back for stupid shit
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like... me calling out an error and then getting questioned and accused of fudging my totals. -____-
Jess (whoozica): They probably won't. And you don't wanna get fined or something. Glad you are at a better branch now!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Omg it feels amazing to have co-workers I like again.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It feels amazing not to hate my job. ONly thing I hate atm is that I'm in the Harrisburg main branch in the middle of downtown, so getting in and out of the city is a bitch, but meh I'll take it
Jess (whoozica): Oh yeah 😬 but if the people are good the that's good
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yep!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Inspection plus a line, oil, filter is gonna take 2 hours. RIP
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh well they have coffee >:3
Jess (whoozica): drink all da coffee
Mark (Mad Doctor): Oof. Hope the phone battery is charged
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm gonna be worse than Nora if I drink all the coffee OwO
Also thank God for this phone having monster battery life
Jess (whoozica): at least you dont have to wait in line in your car like in jersey. i think mechanics just started doing inspections recently here
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Wait you have to wait in your car in Jersey??
Jess (whoozica): gottta wait in line to drive into one of these bad bois
Marisa (Mawisa): Is waiting in your car in line not normal in other states
Marisa (Mawisa): Look at “pump my own gas” over there, not waiting in a car line ;3
Jess (whoozica): nah. you just go to a mechanic
Marisa (Mawisa): But u still gotta wait for oil that also sicken
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I
W a t 
Like
This isn't Disney World I just want my car fixed XDDDDD
Marisa (Mawisa): Make an interpretive dance while waiting in two hours
Evie (Katheryne Knight): "can I get an oil change"
"Can I PLEASE get an oil change???"
Jess (whoozica): there we go this ones more realistic
Evie (Katheryne Knight): THE FUCKING FONT ON THEIR SIGN IS THE SAMW FONT USED ON THE FRONT GATES FOR DISNEYS HOLLYWOOD STUDIOS
Marisa (Mawisa): That’s how you know it’s classy
Jess (whoozica): my first car would overheat if it idled to long i had to keep turning it off and letting it cool down in the middle of summer while waiting on line
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Matt (mattmyers25): I need a beer
Erik (Red Riot Thot): that's so bizarre O.o
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Guys your car inspection stations are secretly a portal to Disney
Jess (whoozica): god i wish
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Let's go nerds
Marisa (Mawisa): Pack in like a clown car we goin to Disney
Evie (Katheryne Knight): DINY WORL
Mark (Mad Doctor): Worst...ride...ever. And I'm including "It's a Small WOrld"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My fav is the Tower of Terror
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Matt (mattmyers25): I walked downstairs to my mom cuddled with another man
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ouch...
Jess (whoozica): OOF
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Jesus...
Jess (whoozica): what the
Matt (mattmyers25): She just mentioned she was bringing a guest over at 9
Matt (mattmyers25): My parents are divorced fyi
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yikes...
Still that's awkwardn
Mark (Mad Doctor): That's a little better, I guess
Mark (Mad Doctor): but ouch
Marisa (Mawisa): Go out there with a dakimakura to assert your dominance
Anna (Cadmium): is a dakimakura the equivalent of a cardboard cutout socially? i must know
Marisa (Mawisa): It’s a waifu! 3D and soft and collectors item.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's the pillow eight?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *right?
Marisa (Mawisa): Ye boi
Marisa (Mawisa): My favorite is the long Miia daki
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): Take this and confront your mother
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Snake waifu
Marisa (Mawisa): The original official one was sold for $1000 in-person as an event exclusive and sold out in less than an hour on the first day
Evie (Katheryne Knight): O o f
Matt (mattmyers25): Yeah. Doesnt help I was half dressed getting read for a job interview
Anna (Cadmium): lmao no i mean like. is it the social equivalent of having a life sized cardboard cutout
Anna (Cadmium): i have never answered that question
Marisa (Mawisa): You can’t marry a cardboard cutout that’s insane
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ouch $301.68 for everything cause my stealing fluid and stuff was fucked. There goes half my savings.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof
Oh well all my tax return money is going into my savings so hopefully that will buffer it again
Anna (Cadmium): r i p
Evie (Katheryne Knight): When I finally get my W-2 and file them
Anna (Cadmium): let me teach u ppl how to check all ur fluids and fill them
Dizzy: https://i.imgur.com/K1MLq7E.png
Marisa (Mawisa): !lewd
Anna (Cadmium): however i am glad ur car is in workign order now
Dizzy: https://i.imgur.com/EHLdzPJ.png
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): !lewd
Anna (Cadmium): *NONE AT ALL*
Marisa (Mawisa): Eyyyyy <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have to keep telling myself that's what my savings is for is literally for emergencies
Anna (Cadmium): yes indeed.
What kinda car you drive? Imma teach u how to check the power steering fluid and transmission fluid n all that for future purposes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 2005 Nissan Altima
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): WOO Altima buddies!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I love my Altima 
He's old tho
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Mine's a 2017. Quite reliable.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Reminds me I need to chew out the dealership actually.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): His was originally Jean like the ass from Attack on Titan, but it evolved into Jaune
Anna (Cadmium): WOO mid 2000's car buddies
Anna (Cadmium): got a 06 subaru
Anna (Cadmium): but ye u can reach the fluids easily like its p easy to top off oil, transmission oil, n power steering fluid and coolant. U just gotta check transmission oil while the car is running.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ooooh okay
Matt (mattmyers25): I have a job interview tomorrow and 1 on Thursday. The Thursday one is with an airline but only pays 12 an hour
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Better than nothing though? Also no one says you gotta take it, you can keep looking lol
Anna (Cadmium): ~~airline is also good cause u might get employee discounts for flights~~
Anna (Cadmium): i mean. its a lot easier to look for a job when you have a job
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👆🏻👆🏻
Erik (Red Riot Thot): not really...
Jess (whoozica): mood
Jess (whoozica): Boss; do you have (specific project file) or know where it is?
Me: Not really, but i can look for it
Boss: Why dont you know
Me in my head cuz you fucking fired the guy who made it, and its not my job
Jess (whoozica): these idiots want send a marketing campaign to the federal bureau or prisons. WHICH IS SHUTDOWN RN. oor at least working without funding/pay so thats gonna be really successful
Anna (Cadmium): ......................................................
um. 
what the hell would you be even marketing at a prison???
Jess (whoozica): we make programs that taught in prisons, school, and community centers
Jess (whoozica): so like the prison buys the program and then teaches it to the prisoners so they weill have a marketable skill when going back into the world
Rebecca (madameterralupus): This was fun to pass by on the way home from the doctors...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): OHMY
Jess (whoozica): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): holy shit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *accurate Jess*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): No one was there to help it. There was a car and 2 people standing by but idk if it was there's or not. So i called cops and not even one second after hanging up they were on it 👌🏻 it was getting pretty engulfed in flames 😱
It was out when I came back to get on the highway from my errand. And fire, ambulance and police were all finally there. Yay I did my civil duty of the day, helped alert of a car fire needing stopped lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Good for you Rebecca, and I hope they were okay.
Jess (whoozica): yay!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm. I hope everything was okay. No one was in the van thankfully but still, oof. It wasn't good looking and was worried it could get worse if not stopped :/
Anna (Cadmium): i had to explain bees to my boyfriend. 
He told me literally at dinner on the way home from georgias. 
HOW DID HE GO THE ENTIRE TIME WITHOUT ASKING WHAT BEES WE WERE TALKING ABOUT HES SEEN RWBY
Jess (whoozica): awwwww
Jess (whoozica): i mean they dont call it bees in the show so i can see why hed be confused if he doesnt keep up with the fandom
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Yeah I'd have no clue if it werent for you guys lmao
Anna (Cadmium): ok but like ive been using the term for at least a year on top of this 💀
Anna (Cadmium): not even just on top of the fandom like. i then explained shipping blake and yang and he just went. 'okay. i dont get it'
Anna (Cadmium): BRUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH did that mean u didnt understand why me and meaghan were screaming in the car right before ice skating
Mark (Mad Doctor): Perhaps he thought you were showing unusual enthusiasm for Yang's bike?
Anna (Cadmium): perhaps. He knows i do want a motorcycle
Jess (whoozica): innocent
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just got a fucking bill from EZ pass for not paying a toll at the Delaware river bridge on the way home from NYE?? Umm I'm sorry no? I know I stopped and paid all those tolls on the way home. It's the same way I always take home... 😩😡 just mad now I owe some money. It's not much but stttiilll
Marisa (Mawisa): O if the pass is in your car anywhere it’ll still register when going through the toll booth, even if you pay cash
Marisa (Mawisa): Like if it’s in your glovebox it’ll still register on the sensors
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't got an ez pass. But apparently my dad read somewhere on it the road was a toll road with no booths in it?? Wtf?? I don't recall seeing any signs for this though. Oh well .-. More cash to dish out I guess... FUUUU
Jess (whoozica): How much is the toll? 😮
Matt (mattmyers25): Some roads have that. 78 has a ezpass only lanes where you can just fly through
Matt (mattmyers25): 276 has this as well
Erik (Red Riot Thot): There are some roads that are EZ pass only and if you don't have one they just take a photo of your plate and bill you later
Matt (mattmyers25): Bill by plate
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's only like $6.75 so not much but ughh I already got a ton of stuff I owe money for this is just an extra add on that is high key annoying me...
