Anna [Cyborg]: No that's too polite
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *hawt tit :/*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): my personal fav
Evie (Katheryne Knight): wyd
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I get people that do the one word replies to my stories
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *"cool"*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My fav is this one dude who is like, "I can help you get more followers"

and Im sitting on my phone like, "Um...fuck no...????"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yikes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have that one dude who fought me on the fact that I watch dubbed anime XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): my argument for that is "I enjoy doing other things while I watch anime"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): like, watching subs is a commitment to sit down and pay attention and it's a mental workout to keep up with th esubtitles lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): basically what I said. I was like, "I craft and stuff to anime. Can't do that while reading subs:"

Also I said I like to pay attention to story and animation.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): apparently thats not enough XD
Big oof
Jamie (Jamie): so I'm considering a relatively big thing, which wouldnt cause anything to happen until after i graduate in a year if i pursued it but its big enough it's strongly in my mind currently
Jamie (Jamie): bascially had a career fair at school and this one place was there called "woodloch lodge" and they have a spa so massage. and they have intensely amazing benefits available including obvious health things, use of their facilities, free continued education classes that i would need for renewing my MT license every 2 years.
Jamie (Jamie): they even have temporary housing and housing options around for people who relocate to work for them
Jamie (Jamie): the thing that makes it kinda hard to decide to pursue it or not if they would have me is the location
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): kinda a big commitment and such even though it could be an awesome opportunity to reach for and the experience im sure something to wow me being in that setting
Lee & the Bees (Lipstickgiraffe): Youd be right by CCE
Jamie (Jamie): thats true lol
Anna [Cyborg]: the location would be, i assume a bit rural bc its like a resort right? I think it would be nice.
Matt (mattmyers25): Through an unofficial source, I found out I maybe losing me temp job
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😦
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It was only for a short time though right?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Have you found anything new yet throug the interviews?
Matt (mattmyers25): Yes and to the second 1 no
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn :\
Jamie (Jamie): https://tenor.com/view/hugs-comfort-love-gif-5487529
Jamie (Jamie): ~~is sending hugs and assurance of things will work out whatever happens~~
Anna [Cyborg]: Wow! Don't fucking ask me for something done asap at 4:45 PM on a Friday!!!! We close at 5!!!! I have to come in early Monday now!!! Fuck!!!!! 
Why is everything an emergency ffs
Anna [Cyborg]: I could come in this weekend but i am not as I have things to do
