Mark (Mad Doctor): Doggo is unimpressed by my stupidity
Jess (whoozica): Ohhhh nooo! 😭
Jess (whoozica): I'm crying over the Mars Rover cuz people on Tumblr make sad posts <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): No no no body, I don’t have to up at 6am today. Sleep.
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Body don't care
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Happy 6am
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I can't believe I've gone all winter without getting sick and I get a cold RIGHT before the con... What the fuck body
Anna (loud and likely blonde): There is ONE SMOKE DETECTOR IN MY HOUSE WITH DEAD BATTERIES BUT I CANT TWLL WHICH ONE AND. ITS CHIRPING
Jess (whoozica): today is the longest half day ever
Erik (Red Riot Thot): mood
Jess (whoozica): when u leavin erik?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): noon
Matt (mattmyers25): Me and rebecca are leaving now
Jess (whoozica): yea i mean leaving work tho
Erik (Red Riot Thot): noon
Jess (whoozica): im leaving noon 30
Jess (whoozica): and then probs like 1:15 realistically  from my house
Jess (whoozica): i wanna leave nowwwwww
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I have everything in my car already. Just gotta stop for gas, get something to eat, tap some cash from the bank, and possibly hit up the liquor store
Jess (whoozica): toms gonna start packing up our friends car when he gets home a lil before me
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *MY MOTHER LAUGH REACTED TO BEES ART I SHARED ON FB I FORGOT SHE LOOKS AT MY STUFF*
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): yeah the bf and I will be leaving around 12:30 too
Matt (mattmyers25): So like 2 because of sister gabe's time sense
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I'll beat his butt if we leave any later XD
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): So I just go a rando friend request and I went to the profile to see who it is and UMM
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): That request is going straight in the trash
Erik (Red Riot Thot): WHAT THE FUCK
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Also, my boss came back from his vacation and I realized how much I have to finish up before I leave and ooooh damn is this last hour going by quick now
Jess (whoozica): 😠
Jess (whoozica): face for both of these things
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Yeah like I figured oh maybe it's someone going to Katsucon who wants to connect. NOPE. Random weirdo. I don't accept random requests anyway but that person earned themselves my first block on Facebook
