Rebecca (madameterralupus): I still need to register for fall classes and it's already 2 weeks past the date to do so but my fucking advisor hasn't gotten back to my email about resetting up an appointment and a question I have... ugghhh
Anna (blonde and sad): wtffff
go to your department if your advisor is ignoring you
Anna (blonde and sad): they can override it also
Anna (blonde and sad): i assume u have like a hold or block keeping you from registering?
Anna (blonde and sad): if not the department will at least give u someone so you can get into SOME classes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean she was out of town last week but I figured she'd respond by now:\
I might email her again and if she responds cool if not then I'll go talk to Kim (our depart secretary)... 
And yea I need a pin to get in and register for fall. I can register fine for the summer but I still have questions for her on those...
Anna (blonde and sad): yeah no ask but if she doesnt get back to u by like monday go to dept
Anna (blonde and sad): ours was just you had a registration hold cause they made every STEM student meet with an advisor and one time mine just up and left the country for a week
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaa I think that's what Im gonna do. Cause like one class I already need is already filled up. And like... I literally *need* it to graduate..
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And oof wtff...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My old advisor did that shit lol
Anna (blonde and sad): yeah also talk to dept about that. might only be the reserved seats filled there might be some other seats or they might know if another section will open
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I may see if they can make an exception to fit me in since I need it to graduate next semester lol. They usually can work something out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I;d take the one in the summer but professor hasn't gotten good reviews on rate my prof... soo nope
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm also just high key stressed with school atm cause mom wants me to graduate by christmas next year soo yayy pressure and having to squeeze in classes in the summer when I really don't want to -.-
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can hear this guy in the train snoring through my noise canceling headphones.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m afraid to know how loud he is without them.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes 😬
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!289944569410224129> <@!155492347122155520> good luck on the interviews.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yes, good luck! Hope they see in you what we do!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But not too much of what we see, give them a month or two before you bring up the foam swords and wigs!
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Unless the job is making cosplay props
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Then absolutely tell them about that.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): One of our customers sent in a PO yesterday for products we never quoted for them and just left the price blank. So we contacted them about it and they responded saying "Oh yeah this still need to be quoted. Can you do that so we can continue with the order?" Like, wtf?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I wonder what made this guy think that was a good photo to use for his account.
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): Nice tie
Picture makes him look skinny
Gr9 photo
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Makes him look like a star trek alien race.
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): Maybe he i
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): > Me: All instances of the dashboard are updated
> them: Great
> them: When will production be updated
> Me: *What the fuck does all mean*
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): The workers control the means of production
Anna (blonde and sad): I left so early but I'm hitting literally every light and traffic jam. Why.
Anna (blonde and sad): I just wanna get to this interview
Anna (blonde and sad): EVERY RED LIGHT WHY
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why is it that every time I do something I am proud of it ~~like sign up for 4 damn summer classes~~ turns into a convo of why I wouldn't have needed to take them if I didn't do fuck ups... Like I get it I fuck up... a lot.. don't need to bring it up. Just be happy I am doing soemthing I reaaallly dont wanna do and lets move on
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yikes. but, in the very least, i'm proud of you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good job
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The last few months I am getting so fed up with this shit in this house. I *need* to get the fuck out but can't afford it... I hate it so much.
And thank you.
Matt (mattmyers25): I'm on my way to mine
Matt (mattmyers25): My interview that is
Anna (blonde and sad): Yeet I made it to mine. I am. Afraid.
Anna (blonde and sad): <@169297844874903552> I had to take summer classes to graduate on time and I wasn't even taking retakes ur parental units need to chillax
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yup I took summer courses too.
Anna (blonde and sad): They just keep comparing you to other people and nah. 
U got a network of ppl who love u and want you to succeed and will help you. That's more importang. Plus after your first job no one looks at how long ig took to graduate
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ^ if they even look past the fact you have a degree in the field.
Anna (blonde and sad): One of my sister's had dead been lying she got her defree cause she just never paid it off
Anna (blonde and sad): So she never got her diploma. 
Don't be her
Anna (blonde and sad): Plus college is way harder nowb
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Go get that job in the city so we can do happy hours Anna!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Taking summer classes shows that you're motivated and goal-oriented. You're right to be proud
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My mom acts like she knows how college works BUT she didn't even go to college so like?? Plus they seem to forget I got fucked over in transfer credits and had to take a semester off for medical leave -.-
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Summer classes are honestly so lax because there's not a whole lot of people there and the profs are sometimes more lenient
Georgia (Something Sensible): ^^^^
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats how i took calc 4
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea like all but 1 are online classes. And the one that is at school I have the teacher now and he's really chill. So like not too bad but still ehh... I don't have to go one more semester but no I have to be done by Christmas 🙄 Idk I'm just getting fed up with feeling proud of myself for things and then shooting it down. Imma see about trying to crash somewhere over the summer cause I can't handle this shit atm
Anna (blonde and sad): Wait fuck I'm actually interested in this job
Anna (blonde and sad): Fuuuuuck
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Fuck why tho?
Anna (blonde and sad): LONG ISLAND
Anna (blonde and sad): this dude really wants me so now it's all on me whefher I take it or nah
Anna (blonde and sad): ~~but money~~
~~but lots of meetings in NYC~~
Anna (blonde and sad): ~~but I can take off for cons~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Little kids in the neighborhood out and about riding their bikes and I witness one almost get nailed by an SUV 😬
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ooooh perks sound nice.
Anna (blonde and sad): ~~but it's super specific so if I can't get things im out~~
~~but it's a big company~~
Anna (blonde and sad): I have till Tuesday to decide
Anna (blonde and sad): Omfg what 
Um glad u did not witness murder
Georgia (Something Sensible): its ok rebecca i took 3 summer classes last summer (1 in person, 2 online) a
Georgia (Something Sensible): and im doing 1 online this summer
Georgia (Something Sensible): WE'LL BE SKOOL BUDDIES
Anna (blonde and sad): Take me back
Anna (blonde and sad): What does a civ masters look like in Jersey
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'd say do it
Anna (blonde and sad): Holy duck there's a wig and beauty place up the road from the office. This might influence my decision
Anna (blonde and sad): Catch me in this channel later having a mental battle to make a decision
Anna (blonde and sad): Also if I take this job I gotta pretend that RTX is uh. My friends wedding
Anna (blonde and sad): A convention wedding is acceptable right
Anna (blonde and sad): One of us would do that
Matt (mattmyers25): Yes it is
Anna (blonde and sad): Get married one day. Reception is just running through the con with abandon
Anna (blonde and sad): I'll just pretend the photos from katsu happened that weekend
Matt (mattmyers25): Do it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Couldn't you just tell them you have a trip coming up that's already been paid for?
Anna (blonde and sad): They don't need to know it's for a convention just yet
Anna (blonde and sad): Saying my friends wedding usually is enough details to be self explanatory
