Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~my anxiety is through the roof about Katsucon weekend now. I'm scared I won't get the days I need off~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Can you *ahem* get sick that Friday. I can provide a marginally ethical doctor's note
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If needed be I can just call off. But I get points :/ I'm  hoping I just don't get scheduled. And I'm worried about the whole weekend tbh cause some others also caused for thurs/sat off... but drinks the worst 😭😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If I get scheduled imma ask someone to cover anything they can first and then worst comes to worst call off 😭
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Are you a doctorate Mark?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Medieval history, yep. So any medicine I practice involves leeches
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Blood letting party!
Georgia (Something Sensible): WEVE GOT A SARAH SIGHTING
Georgia (Something Sensible): she came in midway through me learning seven nation army
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Keep playing. But louder
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Play a hardcore song
Matt (mattmyers25): Play screamo  lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ yes xD
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh Sarah’s back? *cranks amp up to 10*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Try 11
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was literally recording and my mouth says hiya but my face doesn’t change
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s actually kinda hilarious cause I thought any of my other suitemates were at the door lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): But IN COMES SARAH
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh lol i still have my suitcase full of sewing stuff in front of her dresser
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Omg you can pinpoint the exact moment disappointment hits
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was almost done practicing too but you bet your ass I’m gonna keep going
Erik (Red Riot Thot): THE CHEEKS PUFFING OUT IN DISAPPOINTMENT
Georgia (Something Sensible): It would be funny if it weren’t so sad
Georgia (Something Sensible): Alright kids time to learn every rock intro ever
Georgia (Something Sensible): _tonight_
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mean whatever ill sleep at noahs
Georgia (Something Sensible): _but goddamn i had a single for at least two months there_
Georgia (Something Sensible): she came by to sign the slip that she was leaving for thanksgiving break, didnt see her again until dec 18th when she came to pack up clothes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Smoke on the Water and Iron Man are iconic rock riffs that are easy for beginners
Georgia (Something Sensible): Actually Erik you’ll like this I just started Money by Pink Floyd
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Noice
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): she took out a book to study
Erik (Red Riot Thot): How dare she
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://media.tenor.com/images/4d4f91ce13baee8786362cba6ba0ea7f/raw
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Interrupting your guitar practice
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i know_
Georgia (Something Sensible): unannounced
Georgia (Something Sensible): likely with the intention of sleeping at 10
Georgia (Something Sensible): mayhaps 10:30 if shes feeling rebellious
Georgia (Something Sensible): ugh i wouldnt be so mean to her but she literally said she didnt care when my grandpa died SO
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i turn up the volume_
Georgia (Something Sensible): _quiet hours aint til 11_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Turn it all the way up lmao
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh she got no headphones in
Georgia (Something Sensible): man what a jerk, it gets me all heated up again 😠
Georgia (Something Sensible): like tyler was kind enough to bring me my favorite food for lunch on a day that i wasnt feeling good and she was like no he cant step foot in the room
Georgia (Something Sensible): like _tough nuts, what is he gonna yeet the burrito at me?_
Georgia (Something Sensible): she got so mad she went to study in the lounge
Georgia (Something Sensible): that took all of 15 mins
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Good.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): She's freakin' nuts...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I love how you can pin point the exact moment of annoyance.. just like... "dammit not this bitch."
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~my suggestions for songs involve money for nothing by dire straits, and a personal favorite of Something you ain't got by Cracker~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Shes crazy from. What I can see and that's coming from dealing with Troy's roommate who tried to poison their other roommate
Georgia (Something Sensible): basically we had to go to the RA like 30 times
Georgia (Something Sensible): and this girl wanted to refuse any friends from being over, and have everything quiet for her to sleep at 10/10:30
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bitch go live in a 24 hour quiet building
Anna (loud and likely blonde): If u want that
Georgia (Something Sensible): but the final nail in the coffin was when the RA was like "tell sarah how you feel right now"
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i was like "sarah. it is only the first two weeks of school. i have been dumped, my parents have gotten divorced, and my grandfather died. i just want to feel like you care."
Georgia (Something Sensible): and the ra was like "and sarah, you care about georgia's feelings?"
Georgia (Something Sensible): and she was like "no i dont"
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i was like O H _OKAY_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Didn't she also straight up tell one of the other roommates she hates you?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): GEORGIA IM ABOUT TO DRIVE TO YOUR SCHOOL N THROW HANDS
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye she told kiera (my cool guitar suitemate that made me hot cocoa and dressed as a dunkin donuts girl)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): For like NO reason. Because you've been incredibly nice and given into her ways until just recent when we told ya to put your foot down XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Some people need to have itching powder poured in their bed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👆
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Cause the audacity of this bitch
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i thought she would be fun and quirky cause when we submitted dorm photos, she submitted her baby picture, and she has one of those cool costco size teddy bears on her bed
Georgia (Something Sensible): but she a JERK
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Pls tell me you aren't stuck with her next year
Rebecca (madameterralupus): She look soft and sweet but inside she a *bitch*
Georgia (Something Sensible): nah next year i should be getting an apartment with my friend tyler
Georgia (Something Sensible): _single bedrooms_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Phew
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Not Noah?~ 😉 ~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bad Rebecca
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~so like if u need hands thrown. Hello.~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But also pour itching powder on her bed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And please on the last day of classes before she moves out pour glitter on her stuff
Georgia (Something Sensible): youre not supposed to live with your significant other per rutgers guidelines, in case "something should happen"
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dont forsee myself getting sick of noah but who knows whatll happen next year
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahhh makes sense
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I mean that's fair
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeaaaah otherwise id live with that boi in a heartbeat
Georgia (Something Sensible): tylers cool tho, hes jewish so he respects women and cooks well 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): per his words, not mine
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌 He sound like a good roomie
Georgia (Something Sensible): but yeaaah idk why sarah came back tbh 🤔
Georgia (Something Sensible): i walked in from the gym to find sarahs mom yelling at her in chinese one time and i almost wanted to feel bad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol just look at her right now and be like "Why are you here?"
Georgia (Something Sensible): _almost+
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO sounds like my friend Matt. 
Heads up living with guys. 
They don't understand thar u need to clean the lint trap
Georgia (Something Sensible): LOL nah shes in the lounge studying i guess
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh no tyler is v clean
Rebecca (madameterralupus): When she come back, do it. Ask her XDD
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ok but ur mom yelling at you doesn't give you the excuse to be a bitch
Georgia (Something Sensible): casually turn around "hey so when are you leaving"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): She probs has no friends she could move in with
Georgia (Something Sensible): prob not
Georgia (Something Sensible): she was like "georgia shouldnt have friends over ever"
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i was like ~~because you dont have any, we cant have friends?~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): like i honestly understood the "no significant others over" rule cause some people are weird about that
Georgia (Something Sensible): but no FRIENDS was heckin WEIRD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Do it. I dare you.~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So she means have like all of BNE show up in your common room? ~~do you have those? ~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And yeee she weird. Like okay so because you don't socialize... that means I cant?? Im sorry what...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Obviously the world revolves around her
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye i got a common room with two couches and two chairs
Georgia (Something Sensible): movie night, my place, 10:31 pm
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XDD
Georgia (Something Sensible): plz bring instruments, alarms clocks, and party poppers
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Right now the world needs to revolve around Georgia's progress with guitar lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): On my way with pots and pans to bang
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ALL THE LIGHTS ON TOO. DON'T FORGET LOL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Call me present mic with how loud I can yell
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'll go get the accordion
Marisa (Mawisa): omg is this a party to annoy ur roommate
someone bring one of those 'nut' buzzers
Georgia (Something Sensible): BNE be like
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/987/545/bec.gif
Marisa (Mawisa): band practice at georgia's
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XDD We can bring Snow. She got one for Secret Santa from Georgia XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeeee the nut butt as i like to call it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nut butt XDD Accurate
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I call it the nutton
Georgia (Something Sensible): THE NUTTON
Rebecca (madameterralupus): NUTTON 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): like ok i swear i want to be the bigger person but gosh that really ticks me off that she has no sympathy for others
Georgia (Something Sensible): it is _so so hard_ to be the bigger person
Marisa (Mawisa): [repeatedly slams button 500 times]
"whatcha doin?"
"nutton much"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I see no point. You have tried countless times. She ain't budging to change or apologize for any shit soo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Nah you tried. Be petty
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Be SUPER petty
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I think, with the way she's been with you, its faaarr too late to be the better person. She's just a bitch. Ain't no changing that.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Uh. Anyone want some spare drama? I have just learned of other shit going down
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): oof spill the tea
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🍵
Anna (loud and likely blonde): You're already the better person by having like. Non sociopathic tendencies
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm in a weird mood, give me to tea to keep me distracted LOL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bf's parents always gave Sab shit and nitpicked everything and like. These are parents who don't like their kids having significant others that aren't Italian.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O.o What... so you can't date... a non italian..? O.o
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof thats a huge clusterfuck
Rebecca (madameterralupus): is Sab his sibling?
Georgia (Something Sensible): i thought that was a prejudice people had in like the 1930s
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah his older sister
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol do you pass the Italian test?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): His mom is from Italy and his dad is a first generation in America Italian
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMFAO not in the slightest
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OOF
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~im German irish~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): But yea that's really weird. Like... umm...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like. I don't blame her. The mom is. Kinda crazy.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I love my BF but like I cannot marry this boy his mother is crazy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I feel that big time.  My exes mom was insane
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Gotta love them crazy mothers <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Parent issues are a huge turn off yikes. Get the hell put a there, good for her.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): N like. I can't imagine growing up with that either she literally had to hide her bf basically and not mention him for like the last year
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn. That really sucks
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Crazy Italian Long island parents
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like. Okay sure her dad was helping move her to PA but was he *really* cause they think I moved too far from home.... I moved 2.5 hours away. I'm still in the same state and I'm ten minutes from my old uni
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So now I gotta deal with this too
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): At least 6 desk toys in my drawer and not a single stress ball.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Not with that attitude
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I already broke one wooden sword with THAT attitude.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m good.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Had to take a mental health day today. I'm not in the best place and I'm hitting a low period. Hate this crap
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww I hope ya feel better soon Evie 💕
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's ungodly cold out. I'm really surprised my school didn't have a late opening or cancel .-.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't want to get out of my car...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah this weather isn't helping my mental state. I hate this time of year.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee this time of year sucks. It's just cold and dull.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao I almost couldn't get out of my car cause my car door froze shut some on the ride
Mark (Mad Doctor): Take care of yourself. Hope things improve soon
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you 😊
Jess (whoozica): Feel better! I feel you on the time of year thing, kills me too.
Jamie (Jamie): Yeaaa im not leaving my driveway today....
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh damn... Lol the roads seem fine by me but it's just so cold out D: I don't want to walk between buildings... ~~currently hiding in a stabucks.~~
Jamie (Jamie): Well I mean the road in front of my drive is literally a valley between 2 steep hills. And now my guess is slush has frozen over and cars are noping out 
Oof stay warm best you can
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes
Jamie (Jamie): I think i hear a truck struggling up said hills its been the same sound for like 10 minutes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I gotta make the phone call to my boss now since I don't have his cell phone wish me luck
Jamie (Jamie): Oof i know that feel, good luck and deep breaths
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Good luck D:
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have to sound sick and it's like giving me anxiety
Jess (whoozica): Just say you have stomach problem that way they can't ay you don't sounds sick
Jamie (Jamie): Yea that was my go to when i needed a day at my last job and couldnt just text. Saying extreme nausea typically got them to leave me be and say okay or whatever. Another option: extreme abdominal pain
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ive used food poisoning as an ecuse
Jamie (Jamie): ~~true adulthood is learning what excuses are best to use when calling out of work~~
Jamie (Jamie): On another note google maps is showing my road has gotten redder with the traffic from the accident out there
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof. Guess you're deff not leaving today lol
Jamie (Jamie): Yea my drive is in the actual worst place for winter weather to happen
Anna (loud and likely blonde): just say theres an accident in front of your house theres no way you can leave
Jamie (Jamie): I mean thats what i said and that I'll try to leave later and if i can make it out will let him know (but we all know ima bout to get more z's because i can though)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Haha you and always sleeping.. ohh girl
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ya need to Katsucrunchhh
Jamie (Jamie): I do but also sleep
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O___O I just ran into my ex best friends scary dad at this Starbucks I am in... ~~Like he can be nice but he always concerned me.~~
Jess (whoozica): I vote sleep, then concrunch
Jamie (Jamie): Jess you get me so well 👌
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): My car will not start AGAIN even after I had to get a new battery last week.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): maybe your starter is dying? what noise is it making
Georgia (Something Sensible): The bag Sarah came in with yesterday is by the main door now 👀
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is your gas take fairly full? Sometimes that can freeze and fuck things up. 
And ohh?? Throw it in the hall. Help her move faster
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): No noise lol it's just dead again
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like its not even trying when u turn the key?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Nope
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Not even a little
Anna (loud and likely blonde): what car do you have again
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Scion xD 2010
Anna (loud and likely blonde): this is gonna sound stupid af  but
go into your car with a pocket knife or soemthing and your key
Anna (loud and likely blonde): on your shifter above the PRNDL should be a lil black square. pop that out, step on the brake, shift into neutral
Anna (loud and likely blonde): take the key out, try to start the car
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!334090409389195266>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Alright I'll give it a shot
Anna (loud and likely blonde): your car might not register that its in park so its worth a shot to do that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): a car wont start unless its in park or neutral i think
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the hole should be like the size of your key and have a button/thing that clicks down when you stick it in
Jess (whoozica): ~~is thats whats under that square holy shit~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah its an override
Jess (whoozica): shiiiit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if you have like. a sensor problem sometimes ur car goes wack. 
also works for if some reason your car wont shift out of park. 
It usually means somethigns wrong with your car n you need to get it or the computer looked at to make sure its not serious but occasionally it just. happens.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): RIP nope
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Battery is like 100% dead the little clock that's always on is off and no lights even flash on the dash when I turn the key
Jess (whoozica): if its the battery AGAIN that shit faulty, they usually have a 30 day warranty
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It has a 3 year warranty but I'm pretty sure it's the alternator
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Which fucking sucks because that means I need to take it in to get it replaced
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah thats def the alternator. open the hood and check if theres a belt that jumped off
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): There isnt. Checked everything I could see, nothing looks wrong and the fact that it's not even trying to start is like a dead giveaway. I'm aggravated
Anna (loud and likely blonde): harmonic balance is still firmly holding the belts?
lets hope its just some stupid wire connection thats fucked
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea from what I can see, literally nothing looks wrong, no belts are off of anything, it's just... dead???
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ugh. yeah you can probs trickle charge your battery if you know someone who has a charger and get it to a shop to not have to call towing but otherwise you need that towed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yeaaa I'm seeing if my boss can come bring the charger they have in the warehouse but otherwise I'm going to have to get it towed and I am 100% not thrilled by that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hopefully your boss can do that so that you can also get a ride to work
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea 🤞
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the bolt on the connector to the batterywas  stripped
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and it kept unhooking from the battery
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So its not your alternator????
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): soooooooooooo im glad i dont have to spend any more money
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but also
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what the fuck
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but also
Anna (loud and likely blonde): you can blame the ppl who changed your battery
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if they fuckin changed it they probs stripped it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): complain they might fix it for free
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea im gonna go back and be like  "how could you install the battery and not let me know it was stripped..."
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~more like they probs stripped it and tried to hide it~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what kind of bullshit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you're right
Erik (Red Riot Thot): When a customer overlooked a component change on a new revision of their assembly and we've technically been building it wrong for over 2 years 🙃
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): aaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnd the keys are locked in my car now thanks to one of the warehouse boys being a fucking idiot
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): can this day end please
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jess (whoozica): are you fucking kidding me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Girl you need a fucking vacation....
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): katsucon literally can not come soon enough
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You need a much longer vacation than that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also thw weekend
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): today is 100% a drinking after work day
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .....they want... ME ...to pay for the locksmith
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): just call the cops
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im fuckfdjklsfdjasgla
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OMG
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Seriously??
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im going to blow up on everyone today
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Sometimes you just need to murder ya co-workers
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't blame ya...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Don't tempt me, a bitch will murder
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u got anyone who can run home and get spare keys?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nope, my house key is also on the keys that are locked inside my car
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so now im just gonna call the popo myself because fuck this
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Geez 😱
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i order their god damn pet food they can get my keys out of my car
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I read that as call the poop XD~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 🤷
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u got glass coverage on your car?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nope
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also i dont wanna deal with that if its gonna be 1 degree tomorrow 🙃
Jess (whoozica): WOW what the fuckkkk
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I mean, cops can pop the door and thats it right?
Jamie (Jamie): Hopefully your car aint like mine and they can reach the lock and actually reach it. Locksmith was needed on mine cause the cops said best they could do was break the window with permission after their attempts failed otherwise
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll honestly kill someone
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I wonder if you could use my triple a card...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not sure tbh, i think i have to be on the plan to use it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or you have to be present
Marisa (Mawisa): do you have a tennis ball or some metal wire
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Ah rip
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thanks though
Marisa (Mawisa): if kurtis is physically there you can use it, my triple a covers any car i'm riding in at the time
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 👌 no problem
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I'll astral project myself
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): unfortunately kurtis lives far away xD
Marisa (Mawisa): o ya u wrote that my bad
see if astral projection works
Marisa (Mawisa): is that cardboard cutout of him locked in your car too
Marisa (Mawisa): that could work
Marisa (Mawisa): start trying outlandish prayer methods. draw circles around the car and leave offerings of twigs and like a tooth or something
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good plan
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ill try
Marisa (Mawisa): use the tooth of the guy who caused the problem that might yield the best results
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH SHIT YOU RIGHT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im gonna go punch his teeth in now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): harvest a tooth
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): police got my keys out thank god
Jess (whoozica): 🙌
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 👮
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i. am staying strong in my dont-drink-till-katsucon and i am so hungry. Im suddenly realizing how many calories in intake in booze alone. 
This is a problem.
Jess (whoozica): oo yea thats no good
Jess (whoozica): have a snick snak!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ughhhh dont get off work for another hour tho
Jess (whoozica): eat paper
Anna (loud and likely blonde): tastes like papercuts
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i know. ill fix this with MORE COFFEE
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I find tea does curb my appetite.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also I’ve been setting habits for myself recently as well, I got a habit tracking app (mines called Done) which counts the streak I’m on. It’s mildly motivating.
Georgia (Something Sensible): eating right is so hardddd
Georgia (Something Sensible): im trying to cut back my sugar by drinking less juice
Georgia (Something Sensible): i get actual sugar cravings
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ahahhahaha i tried eating right but i legit ate a bowl of guac for dinner last night
Jess (whoozica): Bai has consderable less sugar, its not juice but I like it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its like im either 100% health food or. burger king
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i dont like juice. i switched to iced tea
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): why not both.
Jess (whoozica): depending on what you are cutting, guac isnt nesserily bad
Jess (whoozica): i mean its mostly avacodos, which are p. good for u
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO I count avocado as health food
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but like. eating only a bowl of guac is.
Jess (whoozica): YE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): uh.
Jess (whoozica): nahhhh its fine
Jess (whoozica): it FINEEEEEE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): not exactly the best food choice
Jess (whoozica): hmm now i want guac
Georgia (Something Sensible): i try to snack on popcorn when i get hungry too
Georgia (Something Sensible): the butter and salt is what makes popcorn bad for you
Georgia (Something Sensible): otherwise its... popped corn so
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.barstoolsports.com/dmv/according-to-yahoo-the-tapas-and-cocaine-diet-is-not-healthy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): as long as we avoid this diet i think we'll be ok
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fucking yikes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fack i want food
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i want a terrible amount of hamburgers
Mark (Mad Doctor): Guac is totally healthy. Avocadoes had a bad rep a while ago, but they're cool again. And it's a lot better than most alternatives you could shove in your cake hole, like cake
Anna (loud and likely blonde): welcome to del taco
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we got
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we got fre sha voc a do
Mark (Mad Doctor): That model does not look like she's maintaining a healthy weight. Less cocaine. More avocadoes
Jess (whoozica): wait cocaine isnt healthy?
Jess (whoozica): shit
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah she 100 pounds says the articl
Jess (whoozica): "ustralian model Ruby Tuesday Matthews "
Mark (Mad Doctor): It's the butter and salt you put on it
Georgia (Something Sensible): my 14 year old sister is a little more than that
Jess (whoozica): this girls name is Ruby Tuesday
Mark (Mad Doctor): Love her burgers
Jess (whoozica): never thought they'd be made out of cocaine
Jess (whoozica): but here we are
Anna (loud and likely blonde): did u kno cocaine is made out of gasoline
Anna (loud and likely blonde): vroom vroom
Georgia (Something Sensible): pours cocaine into gas tank
Georgia (Something Sensible): wow we solved the energy crisis and the drug problem!
