Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof so I asked a lady for ID today and she pulled the "You're racial profiling me" card.

It's my fucking job. Customer or non-customer
Matt (mattmyers25): You need the I'd depending on what you are doing. Especially at a bank
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Exactly
Matt (mattmyers25): If you dont ask for I'd and something goes wrong, you are in trouble
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nope. Manager told her I was doing my job
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And so did everyone in the branch
Matt (mattmyers25): Oh bet that made her angry
Rebecca (madameterralupus): People are dumb .-.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah she said she's going to do what she usually does and complain online
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh no, an *online complaint*! You're one weakness!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XDD 
What kills me is she admitted to doing that a lot
Anna (Cadmium): I stabbed myself fucking twice with my pyrrha crown in the eye *and i haven't even worn it yet*
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: oof i'm sorry
Anna (Cadmium): I cursed myself by asking what was the likelihood of this happening
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Not looking forward to work today. I'm paranoid that lady is gonna come back.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Ask her for two forms of ID*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF 
I'm just gonna yeet out
Anna (Cadmium): I hate the belt parkway. So much.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I spoke too soon yesterday... work cooled down and then IMMEDIATELY PICKED BACK UP AGAIN
Anna (Cadmium): Today I was supposed to do one site inspection. 
Instead it is now me waiting for a concrete truck to come and pour
Anna (Cadmium): 
Marisa (Mawisa): at least it sounds like you still have some concrete plans
Anna (Cadmium): Enjoy some footings guys it's 30 degrees out
Jamie (Jamie): Gon a fuckin punch him i swear to fucking god i will
Jess (whoozica): who? 😮
Jamie (Jamie): My coworker thw mysoginist who likes to treat me like a fucking idiot and talks down to me all thefucking time so fucki g sick of his shit
Anna (Cadmium): Trip him
Jess (whoozica): kill him
Jamie (Jamie): Im bout to fake emergency at home and yeet the fuck out of here
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What the hell is his problem?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like he just needs to stop being a dick
Jamie (Jamie): He has an asshole for a face is his problem
Jamie (Jamie): I have 3 more hours and i dont think i can deal with it like not today sir fuck off this planet die in space
Jamie (Jamie): Wait thats an insult to space to have him die there
Jess (whoozica): is he your boss?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are you not able to just go ignore him somewhere else in the offie?
Jamie (Jamie): General dynamic is he is the main printer I'm the assistant then there is a the designer and the owner\boss
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes. So you are basically his right hand... :\
Jamie (Jamie): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hide under a table. Take a nap lol
Jamie (Jamie): Its jusy me and him in the back shop area josh stays up front and boss left early
Jess (whoozica): thats long room, yeet him across it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I agree with Jess lol
Jamie (Jamie): Can i shove him into the 300 degree dryer?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yes
Jess (whoozica): yes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): no. 

only 500 degrees.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cook him
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeet him then cook him, along with Jess' dumb coworker XD
Jess (whoozica): omg that guy is the only person that talks to me now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof
Jess (whoozica): it rough
Jess (whoozica): he did bring me these really good mango snack things tho so i will tolerate him for now
Jess (whoozica): he went on a week long vacation with his wife to the the dominican republic and was like "too bad shes coming with me hahaha"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *maybe she'll find a nice Dominican guy and leave him*
Jess (whoozica): right? but nah they are already back
Jess (whoozica): my server connection went down, can i go home now?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That Delores woman is suppose to come in today oof
Jess (whoozica): welp time to go to the bathroom for the rest of the day
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeo
Anna (Cadmium): ~~where is this fucking concrete truck~~
Matt (mattmyers25): So I had a job interview at the airline today. I really like the job and find it interesting but the pay is shit
Anna (Cadmium): Honestly it's better to have crappier pay than a crappier job. Is there opportunity for movement upwards?
Matt (mattmyers25): I dont think so
Matt (mattmyers25): It's only 12 m an hour
Anna (Cadmium): :(
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jess (whoozica): leave it on his desk
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): make sure you add a little sad face after he sees it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omggg Leanna
Jamie (Jamie): 👌
Jamie (Jamie): Why cant i be spikey ball of anger instead of a fluffball of anger if i was spikey i'd bitch him out and leave lmao
Jamie (Jamie): But im always fluff damnit
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jess (whoozica): what a mood
Evie (Katheryne Knight): F l u f f
Jamie (Jamie): IM FREE PLZ BLIZZARD SO I DONT HA E TO COME IN TOMORROW no bueno
