Matt (mattmyers25): The moment when you owe PA $1 in taxes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): At least it's only a dollar lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Lucky! I owed them 6!
Matt (mattmyers25): Apparantly if you owe a dollar to them, they waive it
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I owe NY $18 but no idea how to give it to them
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I dont wanna know what I owe cause my dad says it seemed like they didnt take out as much as they should so I probs owe. Fuuuu
Anna (Blonde Banshee): U a student so probs not
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤷
Jess (whoozica): I got extra financial aid one year and ended up owning the state $400 cuz I didn't know it counted as income
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Idk if me being a student would affect anyting. I had to once or twice before.  Soo eh we shall see lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And oof that sucks Jess D:
Jess (whoozica): Ye at the time I had no job cuz I had just graduated so Tom lent me the money <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Bless him. A good boy ❤
Jess (whoozica): Well technically gave me the money
Jess (whoozica): Ye but I didn't know that's how that worked
Mark (Mad Doctor): For the first time ever, I got money back from the state ($40, and thank you, I *will* super-size it). However, also for the first time ever, I owed money for my federal taxes ($800). Given that I had a $800 refund last year, Trump's tax cut is a wash for my family (we see about $100 extra per month in our paychecks)
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ..........My boss dropped his coffee on me and my desk.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): my redlines and plans and pants are currently drying. *sigh*
Jess (whoozica): OH NO D:
Anna (Blonde Banshee): at least i'd FINISHED the redlines cause uh. the ink bled
Erik (Red Riot Thot): WHY DON'T PEOPLE AT MY WORK FLUSH THE FUCKING TOILET
Anna (Blonde Banshee): somehow erik is having it worse
Anna (Blonde Banshee): srs my cubicle is very damp and coffee soaked
Jess (whoozica): tell them u wanna go home cuz they ruined your pants
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Let's rewind to last Friday when it was a much better day for everyone lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): PLEASE
Mark (Mad Doctor): I hate going to the pharmacy when all the lonely old people are there. The woman in front of me wanted to know what the difference was between Miralax and Miralax with Calcium. I wanted to yell "This one makes you poop! This one makes you poop with Calcium!"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They the same lady just one got calcium XD Like... not that hard lol
Jess (whoozica): lmao
Matt (mattmyers25): All the bosses are gone and it's just me and another person. I just want to leave even though I get out at 4
ZombieHunter: Did squad catch a cold from Zenkai....
ZombieHunter: Cuz that explains so much.....
Mark (Mad Doctor): It was a festering petri dish of disease
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ye boi
ZombieHunter: I’ve got something. Not severe but it’s annoying
Mark (Mad Doctor): Audrey has been out for last three days
ZombieHunter: Yikes.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I called out today and am hoping to not be dead all weekend.
