Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg Anna I am so sorry to hear that! 😦 I hope you find something soon.
Jess (whoozica): OMG Anna I just saw this I'm so sorry 😭
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m sorry Anna! You’re a strong girl, I have faith that you’ll bounce back 💪
Anna (blonde and sad): Thanks guys 
Let's just hope one of the ... Like twelve places I shoved an application at tonight responds....
Anna (blonde and sad): Cause the city website is broken for some reason and I can't make an account to apply for DOT and DEP jobs
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Damn :( sorry to hear it, I'm sure you'll be able to bounce back but that hella sucks
Mark (Mad Doctor): Had two parents (same kid, two messages) send me Howler emails about how I was biased against their kid, that I didn't teach her properly. Both parents then told me that her grade should be changed from a B- to a B. I waited 24 hours before answering. Otherwise I would have sent the "can I come to your workplace and tell you how to do your fucking job?" email all teachers fantasize about. Now I'm sick in addition to being pissed off. I'm sending a politer version of the above (after I check with my department head)
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Jeez, some parents...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wow really...? Have they ever taken into consideration that the reason a grade is lower isn't cause the teacher but cause the student?? Like... grades are based on work ethic and if they did stuff correctly. So sorry you have to deal with such rude people. The nerve of some people...
But also what? A B- is a pretty damn good grade to me. Like seriously??
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yikes. My friend also has to deal with similar stuff since she is a teacher too. Im sorry you have to deal with that Mark.
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm thrilled when my kids pull B-'s! In a private school, we get a lot of entitled kids and parents (far from a majority, but still). These folks seem to think they can bully their way to their kid's success. Haven't the been watching the news? They're supposed to bribe me...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO. Yeaa like geez they need to chill. That to me is a pretty damn successful grade. Pushing a teacher to change the grade and bullying a kid to success isn't gonna do anything but make matters worse...
Matt (mattmyers25): Sounds like they need to go camping
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol camping?? O.o
Mark (Mad Doctor): Apparently, they do this to all her teachers. Last week they demanded that she be put in all honors classes. Poor kid.
Update: my department head approved my letter. Only he said take out the sentence "I'm not going to lower myself to arguing balls and strikes over each point in her paper." Damn. I was proud of that.
<@155492347122155520> They have people to camp for them...
Matt (mattmyers25): Really? Wow
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes... These sound like pretty shitty parents. Pushing way too much pressure on their kid >.<
Matt (mattmyers25): Also, there was "music festival" that basically scammed rich kids. It was funny listening to them complain
Matt (mattmyers25): Also, parents ruin things way more than kids do. And kids learn what there parents do
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Gotta love that kind of BS
Anna (blonde and sad): Wtf happened to parents siding with the teacher that the kid was trash
Jamie (Jamie): The age of everyones child is a special snowflake happened
