Mark (Mad Doctor): Well, I screwed up. I went into Eventbrite to check my tickets, and it appears I purchased two tickets each for myself and Audrey. Unfortunately, the cutoff for refunds was last week. The staff informed me that I can transfer the tickets. Anybody know someone who is going who has not pre-registered? I have one adult and one teen and I'd like to offer them to people I know before posting on the FB site
Marisa (Mawisa): for what? :0
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Katsu I believe
Marisa (Mawisa): that's rough buddy
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah, Katsu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Hmmmmm Idts unless for some reason Meaghan wants to suffer katsu. I'll ask if she'd wanna buy em off you
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Me: you should eat healthy leading to katsu so you aren't bloated 
Me: buys $25 worth of Moe's because I'm PMS'ing
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'd be happy to let her have it for $20.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@184437198865563648> would we be able to stick another person in the less populated hotel room?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@386567060026556417> sadly she can't get off work for Fri and wouldn't have a way down to MD alone. Rip I tried
Mark (Mad Doctor): Thanks for checking
Georgia (Something Sensible): seeing sarahs empty bed makes me want to feel a little guilty for annoying her out of the room
Georgia (Something Sensible): but then i remember that i had the courage to tell her that i had just suffered a break up, parents had gotten divorced, and my grandpa died
Georgia (Something Sensible): and her response was that she didnt care
Georgia (Something Sensible): and then i go back to sipping my lemonade and doing physics lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You should not feel guilty at all. You didn't do anything. You did your best to get along with her. She was just too bill head to change, accommodate to yours needs or try to be friendly. She was just a straight up ass. She did this to herself
Evie (Katheryne Knight): She was also selfish as hell and made a fucking curfew. Like no welcome to college sweetie
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You're fine, Georgia. She was a bitch.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And sometimes personalities don't meld well
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I think I figured out why the fake Georgia Instagram exists. They probably linked it to a dating app. dating apps let you link an Instagram right? They may be using the fake account for a fake dating profile.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ooooh ya know that’s possible
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah no you didn't ignore her out of the room. She was self centered and you didn't want the world to revolve around her so she can fuck right off
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): <@386567060026556417>   if you still need to get rid of the aduly ticket my boyfriend is coming and still hasn't gotten his ticket, if sowhat do you need to transfer it to him and what payment method would you prefer?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sister Gabe still hasn't gotten his ticket?! 😱 what is he doinnnnggg
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Oh come on, are you really that surprised? XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean 🤷🏻‍♀️ he normally seems on top of things. Guess not LOL
ZombieHunter: If mark, you still have badges, I do need one
Mark (Mad Doctor): <@387456543421104150> that's great news! I'll dm you the info
Jamie (Jamie): Why can't there be an ER for dental? Like "oh its 2 am and your in pain and even vicodin isnt making you pass out and is barely dulling the pain? Trying not to miss work or go into imediate debt? Yea come in we have on call oral surgeon who can make everything better " but no instead i've not slept, i've taken ibuprofen, Tylenol 3, and vicodin and instead of sleep my mouth is in continuing pain and i want to burn down the current health care system for not caring enough about the real serious issues dental health causes people
Jamie (Jamie): Fuck i think between lack of sleep, stress, drugs, and pain I am emotionally a wreck and kinda feel like spiraling so bad. If not for having passes and room already for katsu Would likely have skipped this year at this rate
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ugh I'm so pissed. I do not want to drive in that snow. Our parking lot isn't cleared at all and my car handles poorly in this weather, but nope. Still expected to be in by 8:30. 

I hate customer service jobs.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): and it's still snowing, and it's suppose to snow badly tomorrow. 3-6 inches. I swear if we aren't at least delayed tomorrow I'm going to scream
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm just praying the roads are all cleared up by Thursday
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Same. I'm not too worried since Chris has a jeep, but still getting out of PA will be a nightmare.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Roads should be clear on Thursday. High near 40 on Weds and up to 50 on Thursday
Evie (Katheryne Knight): NOICE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I know it's suppose to reain, but I hope it doesn't because 50 degrees for Katsu weekend is just amazing.
Mark (Mad Doctor): They're saying Fri morning will be clear in DC, and rain should be gone by lunchtime Saturday. Could be better, but could be a heck of a lot worse
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was realllllyyy hoping school would delay or cancel for today but of course not "\
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Ugh, diaster. My lense is separating from my frame on my main pair of glasses. I guess it's probably time to get a new pair when I get my tax refund <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): It's still wearable, I used contact cement to keep it in place for now. Worst comes to worst I guess I'll be walking around with my Mei cosplay glasses for a while.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~the mei ones look cute on u tho~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and a mood mine have been held together by E600 and jewlery wire for 2 months
Georgia (Something Sensible): New Brunswick only saw a half inch damn
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's still snowing here
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we have no snow gimme some
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): ~~Aww thanks Anna~~ I definitely need to heat shape my Mei glasses to fit my head better cuz they like to slide down a lot. I've just been lazy despite owning them for like 3 years.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): heat gun the leg things
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Heat em leggiesss
Anna (loud and likely blonde): there is a name for them. i knew at one point
Erik (Red Riot Thot): zennioptical.com
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): One situation cosplay supplies are practical  for everyday life, cuz who would own a heat gun and contact cement otherwise?
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Also thanks Erik, that's the place I'm going to buy from, I just need to get an updated prescription after Katsucon.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): ~~we can make an event of picking out my new glasses at Katsu~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): eyebuydirect is having BOGO rn too
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wait can i join u on that i need to buy my spares
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Haven't bought from them before, are they good?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): personally no but Pas does and hes says theyre good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Fuck 👏🏻 yes 👏🏻
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I also have these tacky bois as a spare for the Wicke cosplay I still haven't done yet.
Marisa (Mawisa): wait jamie does your hospital not have an oral surgeon
regular hospital ERs should be able to handle emergency tooth situations as well. that's messed up.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i mean they should but they'll charge an arm and a leg
Marisa (Mawisa): they'll do that for everything though
Marisa (Mawisa): i miss japan i paid $13 for a full eye exam with dilation and everything what a bargain
Marisa (Mawisa): do you know what's wrong with your tooth? is it a constant pain or a throbbing pain?
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): $13 for an eye exam? That incredible, damn.
Matt (mattmyers25): Hat moment when your new job wants to start you Wednesday but the job recruiter failed to mentioned you would be out of the area Thursday and friday
Erik (Red Riot Thot): when the customer doesn't have any dimensions on the drawing so you don't know how long different wire branches need to be 😑
ZombieHunter: <@!386567060026556417> did you have one or two extras?
Mark (Mad Doctor): <@227431823062466569> one adult, one teen
Jess (whoozica): did your wife and son decide not to go mark?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I just realized this meeting is an hour and a half.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): caffeinate thyself and brace for impact
ZombieHunter: Ah okay then
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I didnt get the email my sci class was just a review day today and the quiz was moved... like no one is here. I could have gone home earlier.. dammit!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So. Many meetings.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The more I stay at the bank, the more I'm realizing I'm too much of a free soul for the restrictive enviormentof a bank. However there are no jobs that pay 14 bucks an hour that let you have whatever hair color you want and tattoos
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So I'm stuck
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wait your bank lets you have whatever hair color you want???? im jealoussss. 
Are you a teller or like something in accounting or?
Matt (mattmyers25): I start my new job next Tuesday. Fam, we celebrating at katsu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Me: Whomst the fuck made this last edit why is everything overlapping?
Me: Looks at last rev to see my initials. Oh
Jess (whoozica): thats when you blame it on "past me"
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): That scared the crap out of me. I went to the grocery store to pick up my prescription and when I got out of my car so dude got out of his car and shouted, "HELLO?!"
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I thought he was yelling at me, but when I turned around he had a phone in his hand.
