Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yoooo, so i just was reminded of something that happened at katsu and feel like i should share just so everyone stays safe.

The male Neo cosplayer that goes to like EVERY east coast convention, i think his insta is quirkycyndaquil?
At the pajama party he tried to force me to drink some mystery alcoholic drink from his flask. When i asked what it was he refused to answer and just said it was "weird" and that i'd have to try it to find out. 

He refused to leave me alone for a good 15 mins, trying to force me to drink this drink. I ended up having to get up and walk away from the group of friends i was currently sitting with so that he would leave me alone. 

Like, ok, i don't know if it was anything bad in the flask but like RED FLAG
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): he found me several times the next day and tried to force me to be alone with him
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): luckily i had friends nearby every time it happened
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but, HUGE yikes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so i guess, just be extra careful
Jess (whoozica): WHOA what? holy shit!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and NEVER drink something from someone you do not know
Chris Onyx: Ooof. That's our friend, DJ

We had no idea that happened
Chris Onyx: <@229713389511901185>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i have met him at other cons and he seems nice enough, but that was like huge nope, very scary situation
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i even went as far as telling him that me and wish were married, hoping he'd get the hint and leave me alone
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😬
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ooooh kay. Wow.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fucking yikes.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): also im gonna throw hands??? at someone???? Poor Camilla/snaileditcosplay was getting assholes telling her she should basically go die because she was in a wheelchair in cosplay as Neptune (sailor moon)
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like imma fucking fight someone
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): excuse me?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'm joinging you on throwing hands
Jess (whoozica): WHAT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.instagram.com/p/BuzFWyejdwL/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LIKE IM GONNA FIGHT SOMEONE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): holy fuck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what the fuck
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Side note i see this a lot in sailor moon fandom shit like Jette Lupe was afraid of bringing rwby crossovers bc their sailor moon crossovers get nasty comments.
Like. Is the sailor moon fanbase just. hypercritical and kinda toxic bc of non cosplayers??? what??
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like im so mad
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i think i drunkenly made her a Neo bracelet at the pj party~~
Jess (whoozica): ~~wait how tf do i not follow her? this has been fixed~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yes shes wonderful she raises snails too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shes one of the kindest people ive ever met like im so mad????
Marisa (Mawisa): ???????? that's so messed up?
obviously those sailor moon fans are all fake fans don't they know of the scrapped american toon maker remake
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yike
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so anyways. imma fuckin throw hands
Anna (loud and likely blonde): snailedit defense squad activate
Mark (Mad Doctor): Between the snails and her pet hedgehog she's one of my favorite IG follows. So frustrating she had to deal with such garbage behavior.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah like. shes so nice and deserves no hate
Erik (Red Riot Thot): she's also deaf isn't she?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I briefly met her and she was super sweet
Jess (whoozica): im not sure if ive ever met her in person but i know shes followed me for a long time and likes almost all my content 
anyway thats bullshit i dont know how people can be so rude
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yea shes deaf. i felt bad bc i was drunk and therefore forming words is hard so she wasn't having the best time lip reading but shes a dear. You might have met her? Idk if she went to the unofficial rwby shoot at katsu but she was neo and was at the 'official' one
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Camilla is such a sweetheart, I met her when I did Cheongsam Salem the Katsu before last
Jess (whoozica): i didnt go to anything rwby at katsu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ah then idk what else she went to
Jess (whoozica): Does anyone have this issue: whenever i do something creative i never know when im like really done?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I usually know it's done when I feel the urge to rip it to shreds.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its never done its "fuck it, its good enough"
Jess (whoozica): i feel liek sometimes i keep going and make it worse XD but i never know when to stop
Erik (Red Riot Thot): For me it's "I *could* do this, but that's more work so fuck it"
Jess (whoozica): i need to learn how to do that XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The struggle of wanting to do something productive but not having enough time to get into something too big before work D: And all the projects you got are pretty big. Fuuu
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *> last week, customer sends drawings and BOMs for product for us to quote
> opens BOM and sees none of the manufacturer part numbers are listed
> asks customer to provide manufacturer part numbers that correspond with their internal part numbers listed on the BOM
> customer *doesn't reply*
> asks customer again today
> customer responds saying "All info regarding these cables are listed in the attached BOM + drawings. Manufacturer part numbers are not available"*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Excuse me sir...
1. Most of our business is from your company that we've been dealing with forever so I know you are able to provide a part number cross reference list
2. How the FUCK are we supposed to even quote materials if we don't know what the fuck to buy???
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fuck today y'all
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so turns out my brother whomst i spent the weekend with has the flu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): good thing i made it wear a face mask for photos
