Anna (loud and likely blonde): So it's almost 4 and I'm panicking but can't do anything cause I assume mag stayed out and maybe at this guys place  and she's a big girl but like we were both staying at Sarah's tonight and I woke up at 3 and she hadn't come back yet so like. Worry. But not my place and I can't do anything and it's not my house were at so??? Staying up was not my job so I didn't I wasn't even gonna be here this weekend
I just don't want my friend dead in a ditch but now I feel like I should have stayed awake and texted her bc idk where she is and it's 4AM so she's not gonna respond either way
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But it's also 4AM and I cant go back to sleep gfdi
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Mag’s fine I’m sure. It’s a a mark of a wonderful friend to be so worried for her though. Being concerned is valid as fuck.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Update: yeah she stayed over and told Sarah but Sarah didn't told me 
Update for me to be annoyed: dammit I could have had the bed instead of the couch
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): HoW dArE nO oNe TeLl YoU yOu CoUlD bEd?!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Once I know everyone is safe I go back to my usual complain about everything
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Listen it's a really nice big comfy bed that was empty ALL NIGHT
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That’s a CRIME
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *the man next to me on the subway is clipping his fingernails sir since when is this acceptable*
Matt (mattmyers25): It's New York, what do you expect
Mark (Mad Doctor): The only way that could be worse is if he were clipping someone else's fingernails
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That should be on the creatures of my subway insta
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I mean honestly. I saw weirder yesterday but like. This looked like a normal person. Guess not
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also fuck the L train
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Actually just fuck the MTA
Matt (mattmyers25): That's a mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like I'd love to take the L for once in my life but it's nOT RUNNING 

So there's like no trains to the east side of Manhattan rn cause construction and I'm not figuring out the bus system rn
