Anna (loud and likely blonde): Does this guy follow ALL of us cause beware he messaged me for three weeks straight not getting the hint that I didn't want to talk to him
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Whomst? I just ignored his comment
Anna (loud and likely blonde): He follows Leanna too ugh he's just. Incredibly tone deaf but he I guess met me at NYCC for a brief moment and then spent weeks messaging me  and like at first it was just like. Cosplay questions and general stuff and then it just got excessive and I had to temp block him. Mag still has him blocked on our insta cause he would just comment weird stuff and DM us
Chris Onyx: Lux or Lloyd?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Lloyd
Anna (loud and likely blonde): A lovely excerpt of his messages after I stopped responding
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Except there's like another page of messages after this
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Idk I'm just worried he's really pushy for personal info at one point he was like oh where do you live
Mark (Mad Doctor): Could be bad social skills, or a huge red flag. You're under no obligation to play his game
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I feel it's both but he certainly has a thing for Rwby cosplayers and yang in particular. The best news: he literally can't tell us apart when we're in cosplay considering his first message was him trying to send me pics of me from nycc and I was in none of them. None of them were even of the same cosplayer. 💀
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am just Worried as usual for friends bc I was getting red flags
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I don't think he follows me and if he does I haven't even noticed him until now
ZombieHunter: OH I REMEMBER HIM
ZombieHunter: <@!289944569410224129>  isn’t that the guy who sent you pics and NONE of them were you?
ZombieHunter: I just started reading but needed to say that
ZombieHunter: Cuz even I remember him
ZombieHunter: And I didn’t meet him
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YES THAT WAS HIM
Evie (Katheryne Knight): How... Does that happen

Tbh that's happened to me. Someone sent me photos of theupsidedowngirl and was like "your Winter is lovely" 

And I was like "that ain't me"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I don't know like??? Is it cause we just know all the details and nuances ??? But like faces look different
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also so like I should have brought fuckin pyro to Toracon cause it's FUCKING COLD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Edit: it's fucking snowing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Evie I think the best part of it was..... They were all s5 yangs and I went to nycc that day in sweatpants and tank top as yang with a bomber jacket 💀
Like not REMOTELY close dude
Evie (Katheryne Knight): WAT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I did like her DGAS outfit like. White Vans and everything. Think I traded her orange shirt for one of those she's beauty she's grace she'll punch you in the face tank tops
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Idk Shannon has pics of me posing next to a trash can in that outfit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Hunter has pics of me like hanging off a flagpole in it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): No wait it was a light pole
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Basically on a scale of one to ten that guy was like. So wrong it was hysterical
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like a 12
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
Anna (loud and likely blonde): This weather tho
