Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hello yes why the fuck am I so bipolar when it comes to love anymore 🙃
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like today I can be like lol nope I'm fine being single. Dating is to much. But yesterday I could be like ahh I want to get back out there, find love...
Whyyy am I like this
Anna (blonde and sad): its ok i feel thats normal
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It definitely is normal, it's good to get comfortable being alone and just like to spend time with yourself. 

And as you do that someone will come along and you'll just click
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think a lot of it stems from anxiety of the past still. I have interest but currently pretty content being single. ~~I feel I'm too busy lol!! I've decided if someone comes along and we click cool. If not no biggie. I got all of you guys who fill my heart with love ❤
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Why do you have an industrial fan going in the background of your conference call guy.*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): hes warm
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can't hear *other people* over his obnoxious mic.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Some lady almost took my Starbucks drink D:
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like do you not know what you ordered or what size? And no they don't aalll look the same...
Jess (whoozica): last week i was in starbuck with one other woman, also names Jessica and i was like "this would happen"
Jess (whoozica): so they called her drink and i was like D: thats not what i ordere--- oh your names jess too gotcha
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And that's why I give clark when I have to give a name,
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My drink didn't have a name but she just like assumed it was hers -.- Does this look like the size drink you ordered? Do you know the name of what you ordered?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Stupid people.
And ohh that's smart Bill lol.
Jess (whoozica): clark is fast and easy to spell if i give them my last name it will just take longer XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): TRUE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My last name is also too common.. RIP
Jess (whoozica): your better off with your first name XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I'll just give them Raven as my name XD~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): "Erik" isn't horribly common but unless I mobile order or explicitly specify (which I don't anymore) it's spelled with a C
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but spelled with a K is less common so if I mobile order I know it's mine lol
Jess (whoozica): Jessika
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ironically the only two Erik's I know use K.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I know 3(?) with a K and one with a C
Jess (whoozica): i think the "older" way to spell it is c and K is becoming more popular now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I forgot about this
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But like I advise yo block this person xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Big yikes
Jess (whoozica): shhh let people enjoy things
Jess (whoozica): also WHAT AN ASS
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Right? What the *fuck* is wrong with people lately?? Like just let people be and enjoy things. Stop critiquing them, stop saying what they ship is wrong, just like... let people enjoy what they do. Hollyyy shit.. I am so fed up with people anymore
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I lost all remaining brain cells trying to read that
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *you were born in the 90s, of course you don't fucking know anything about the 80s*
Jess (whoozica): oh i see its on your catra pic WHAT A DICK
Jess (whoozica): now hes a double dick
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): What does the post about 2019 catra have anything to do with the 80s shera
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Also like... I have seen the 80s she-ra
Jess (whoozica): "how dare you be BORN LATER"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So what is he 3ven going on about lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Bet he hasn't~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Probably not
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It wasnt very good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Probs one of those jackasses who is just mad that girls are nerdy too or some bullshit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh definitely
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Hes just a troll
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I found it hilarious though
Mark (Mad Doctor): Why do so many assholes who try to tear down others have appalling command of the English language?  Dude, if you're so superior, invest in some goddam punctuation
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao agreed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's also funny that they leave long ass comments on posts which trigger engagement
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): VALID MARK LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like thanks for being a dick but also hey thnks for the engagement XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like I got 10 more likes because of RH is dumbass
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD Nice
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I read "3ven" as "threeven"
Jess (whoozica): 3 times as fed up
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So one of my followers asked me if I wanted to be a back up for if someone drops out of their room for Katsucon next year.

I don't know him personally like... 

I appreciate the offer if something were to happen but it kinda weirds me out when people I don't know personally kinda just assume I'm okay with rooming with them.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Am I overreacting?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I do not like rooming with people I don't know.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Room's supposed to be the safe place at the con.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I keep to trusted people by principle.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It might be a nice offer, if it's someone you talk to frequently whose just trying to fill room slots. Nice as in not from a perverse/creep place. But would I ever say accept it? No.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah he wasn't creepy about it at all! But I also don't know him personally ~~at least u don't think because I'm terrible at remembering peeps I don't hang or talk to normally because I'm shitty~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can only remember faces it fine lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Names take me forever.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, so there's *nothing* wrong with refusing that offer, and it sounds like he was really just trying to fill in room spots (though I guess if it's to fill a backup slot preemptively that's a bit off). But room with people you know and trust. For your possessions, your own safety, and general fun cause it's *waaay* more fun to room with squad.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He was! 

Now I sit and pray my friends can get rooms for Katsu. I'd do it myself, but guess who.doesnt have a high enough credit limit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): OOF
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You don't want the job anyway.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm already nervous as fuck.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah like I just can't handle that man
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also that's a dick move for making it on a Friday at Noon
Evie (Katheryne Knight): People fucking work
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *If it's less people trying to book I'll take it*
Mark (Mad Doctor): "Thanks for the offer, but I have a tendency to sleep-stab."
Anna (blonde and sad): "I take cosplaying toga very seriously"
Mark (Mad Doctor): "Thanks in advance for putting up with my uncontrollable screaming"
Anna (blonde and sad): "I need to summon a demon at 2AM that's cool right? Ill bring the blood sacrifice in quietly "
Mark (Mad Doctor): "Hope there's room for my emotional support emu"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm dying at all these lmaooo
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XDDDDDD
Anna (blonde and sad): Oof I feel guilty that like. Old coworker said that his old firm was interested in me and I turned him down because like. No break in jobs would have been good but also I really don't want to work on Long island now that I've been freed from that place essentially. 
Idk like now is not the time to be picky but that's been my mentality with every job I've ever taken so I desperately need job but I also want to be able to have a preference for once in my life
Anna (blonde and sad): I did tell him thank you for the offer but also finding place up here not easy either ..
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Don't feel guilty. It's been less than a week.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You (I believe) can afford some time to really see what's out there, and moving again would suck.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Don't close the door on him, but there's nothing wrong with saying "I'm exploring a few options nearby first".
Anna (blonde and sad): I should honestly just get a random seasonal job and take my FE and some OSHA certs -_-
I don't wanna move AGAIN but also like long island does not help my mental health so even though it's not the best for my professional career it's definitely better than LI
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): i just realized i've been brushing my teeth for like 20 minutes
Jess (whoozica): Wow they are clean now
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): i sure hope so
