Anna (loud and likely blonde): There is a special place in hell for ppl who steal the machine you're waiting for at the gym, just good off, and don't wipe it down when they're done
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I can understand and forgivd one or two but all three???
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We have lockers too but I can't get into mine cause I lost the key 😫 like most of my coworkers are mad cool and wouldn't do that sooo.... but also why would you want mine. It's kinda broken anyways :/
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like dammit. And that one was special to me too for reasons. 😭 I'm so mad and upset now...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I even went and checked all the aprons and register drawers for it but nope
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yall I just accidentally bamboo shoot tortured myself with a sewing pin
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And I want to die
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Wtf happened?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are you okay??
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I tried to pin something and wasnt paying attention
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And the pin went right under my nail
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OOF <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And now I'm bleeding
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Blargh I hate that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like a lot. RIP me.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thankfully I did not get blood on the fabric though!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): * stab me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BILL NO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Billl <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Bill no the camera guy
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): No
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I mildly did that yesterday with one of the rivets on my boots but luckily it didn't bleed
Jess (whoozica): AHH thats the worst
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hope it stops bleeding
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Go rinse under some cold water and apply pressure for a while. Hopefully it stops soon D: that sounds awful...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yeah LMAOOOO ozma is trying to kill me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's Salem's doings. 😱
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *God won't let you die though*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Accurate
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I am wearing those shorts too
Georgia (Something Sensible): Advice needed, specifically maybe <@!386567060026556417> has expertise here
Georgia (Something Sensible): My prof wrote my reccommendation letters, so I wrote a thank you note and my family baked him a coffee cake
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s kinda what my family does when someone has gone above and beyond their “duties” to someone, like we baked them for Girl Scout leaders and stuff
Georgia (Something Sensible): Is that an inappropriate gift to give a professor?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ve seen him accept gifts before in class, so I know he accepts them
Georgia (Something Sensible): I just don’t want it misconstrued as bribery (my grades are already doing well in the class), I just wanted to express my gratitude
Marisa (Mawisa): since it's after he wrote the letters i think it's fine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I think accompanied with the thank you letter it comes across as simple gratitude
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You're good
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I’m just worried cause grades for that class aren’t posted til May
Georgia (Something Sensible): So like... I don’t wanna wait that long because he finished all the letters last month
Marisa (Mawisa): ooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): _and I don’t wanna look like I’m using baked goods to win a grade, I’m just thankful because he could’ve easily said he wouldn’t write one_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee agreed with Leanna's comment. Plus you could say something like I wanted to show my gratitude for doing such a kind favor, so here is this cake in honor of that. Explaining that is what its for?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye I was gonna give it to him during office hours
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think the place where gifts get sticky are where they’re expensive or a blatant bribe
Georgia (Something Sensible): Cake is neither lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee that sounds good. Doing it in class could get iffy since people like to blab. And mhmm. I see cake as neither too. It's just a kid thoughtful gift
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is anyone else getting posts that are like days old on facebook? I feel like I never see anything new that was posted from the current day anymore XD Just stuff from days ago
Mark (Mad Doctor): <@245270932602486784> A small token of gratitude for recommendations is always appreciated. Handmade gifts and food fit the bill. Sincere thank you notes are awesome. Anything more creates an awkward appearance of a transactional relationship (oddest gift I ever got: an electric shoe buffer). And you're a long way from Aunt Becky territory
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg Aunt Becky territory 😂😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): HELLA thank y’all
Anna (loud and likely blonde): when ur boss marks somehting up with a number but its not PHYSICALLY POSSIBLE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): "You gotta try this by yourself so you learn"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but
Anna (loud and likely blonde): "Be more efficient so we dont charge the client too much
Anna (loud and likely blonde): OK FUCKING WHAT IS IT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): DO YOU WANT ME TO SPEND AN HOUR TRYNA LEARN IT OR DO YOU WANNA TEACH ME
ZombieHunter: So I almost pissed myself
ZombieHunter: Someone’s dog got out of their yard. And she was wandering around while I was driving.
ZombieHunter: And she pops out slowly from behind a car and I just literally stop and get out.
ZombieHunter: Her owner didn’t know she got out.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fuckin shit at least it was you that saw her and not an asshole who would have hit her without care
