Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I have an interview tomorrow cause I need to get the hell out of Chipotle 😬
Evie (Katheryne Knight): GOOD LUCK!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Currently trying to get out of M&T so I feel this girl. You got this!
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Thank you 😊
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Good luck Monica!!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Can my aunt for ONCE just keep her thoughts in her damn head and not voice them? >.< It gets highly annoying especially when criticizing people...
Matt (mattmyers25): Good luck Monica
Matt (mattmyers25): Side note, I got a phone call from the same recruiter for the same job 2 days in a row
Matt (mattmyers25): Like I do not want it and he says if I am interested to call him back
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I would call him back and tell him you're not interested directly so he can stop calling you.
Matt (mattmyers25): But anxiety  tells me not to do that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If you don't he might keep calling you thinking you didn't get his message.
Georgia (Something Sensible): ^^^
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: Evie you dead are the only other person I know who even knows of M&T and yes it's a trash bank
Rebecca (madameterralupus): There's already not enough parking for commuters on campus and now uni police just took the spot next to me... wtf bro? You have special spots for you...
Jamie (Jamie): I've never used M&T but know it exists, however I did use TD bank while in maine and that BS bank charges like 2 50 for just sliding your card into a damn atm machine.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): for their own ATM?
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: W h a t
Jamie (Jamie): oh no there atm your fine but they only have atms at there banks (at least where i was in maine) and every other cost that and if you took out money its another 2 50 plus whatever the atm fee is
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: *Christ on a chorizo*
Jamie (Jamie): okay same number has called my phone 3 times today but still has yet to leave a message and i'm like please stop cause it tempts me to answer but only on off chance a job i've applied to has a really funky number for the area to have an area code of 976
Matt (mattmyers25): Does the number stars with a plus? If it does then it is international. I had to block an international number ot called me twice and I dont want those charged hitting my phone
Jamie (Jamie): before if +1 but most of my unsaved number pop up like that
Jamie (Jamie): also why does hillary clintons twitter bio include the phrase "hair icon"
Matt (mattmyers25): +1 is ok. Then it is a us domestic number
Jamie (Jamie): So I might be about to cause unhappy feelings in a joanns employee....
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): I Feel like i should give them candy or cookies as an apology lol
Jamie (Jamie): I...im trying to make it less bad by taping the coins in the 1 dollar stacks...
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): I have 20 bucks in coins 12 are dimes taped. Im sorry poor cashier who get me tonight
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: u kno its okay because theyre quarters. they would be sad if you did it in pennies tho
