Rebecca (madameterralupus): Anyone else just want to go home, curl back up in bed and go back to sleep??
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Jess (whoozica): yeet
Erik (Red Riot Thot): always
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I keep wanting to nod off in the back of my class <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> I think I'll go take a nap after this between the next one lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Boss wants me to help answer phones since the people that usually handle that are taking an online training course at home. If only my phone was set up to answer outside calls ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Old guy starts coming up.to.the branch and I say yo myself "wow he looks like a piece of work but I shouldn't judge a book by its cover'

First thing he says, "WHERE THE HELL IS THAT GUY AT?" Gesturing to my co workers office 

He went on lunch and the guy is like "well he's the only one who can wait on me" 

He went to lunch my dude like chill and wait if you have to
Anna (Cadmium): ~~fucking hell mag's ex doesnt follow us on instagram but he watches our stories~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Apparently the guy is unfortunately super not there 

Ew what
Anna (Cadmium): he was super clingy and needy and they were together for like 4 years sooooo i just blocked him
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Thats...odd...I noticed that a few people who don't follow me watched my last few stories and I'm just like what
Anna (Cadmium): sometimes they pop up in suggested
Anna (Cadmium): but like BLOCKED
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~my ex still stalks my stories but i dont wanna block him cause i want him to know how much better off i am without his dumb ass~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^ ~~saaammmmeee~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~okay he doesn't stalk but he still follows me? Idk.~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~but yea same. Like LOL look at how much happier I am asshollleee~~
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Yeah fuck him
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Fuck all of them
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👆🏻
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Showing that you're happier without them is big dick wmwrfy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LOL wrmfyy ?!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): huge dick energy
Anna (Cadmium): mag had to block him cause when she broke up with him he sent her *every photo they ever took together* and it crashed her phone
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Jesus
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ew, trash him
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like this is why people don't like to leave toxic relationships

Because people are c r a z y
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): block that boy
Anna (Cadmium): he blocked
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikkesss
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yet he can still see your stories??? Gross
Jess (whoozica): wtf people are insane
Anna (Cadmium): No like I just blocked him now
Anna (Cadmium): AHAAHAHAHAH they told me I need a whole new door at the shop 
Fuckin LIT
Anna (Cadmium): That gonna be a fat check
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YIKES???????
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): from getting hit?
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah
Anna (Cadmium): I didn't tell him I could roll down the door
Anna (Cadmium): But I have an actual door already from. My last car so I'm fine to switch it out and paint it
Anna (Cadmium): For basically free
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats good at least
Anna (Cadmium): $500 free from this binch hitting me I'll take it
Anna (Cadmium): Sadly my car has cheap parts lmfao
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ugh why don't our customers actually prototype their products before having them manufactured 😑
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and it's not *MY* job to figure out what part you *should* have used 😡
Anna (loud and likely blonde): gahhhhhhhh fucking ADA parking stalls need to be a certain slope but of course its in a location thats super hard to do and i cant get this to work
Anna (loud and likely blonde): screw this im going home
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙄 can people at this counseling place I go to get there shit together...? Like for the love of god...
Jess (whoozica): "I'm here so you people can help me get my life together but your not proving your ability to do that to well right about now"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pretty much. The lady I am to be meeting with now is sitting in the lobby chatting away with some random lady that just came in? 🙄 like excuse me. Also she has no idea who the other lady I see here is.
