Rebecca (madameterralupus): Soo for some reason all associate hours are being cut next month... so I'm not only gonna be working 5-9:30 pm in the evenings 😭
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Wtfffff
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So there goes a couple hours of pay during the week 🙃 ~~fuck~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Fuuuuuuuck. Can you look into a second job or nah
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Deff not cause I got school atm
Rebecca (madameterralupus): :\
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So just gonna have to suffer with less money in account until summer comes or whenever we get more horus back
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay so I'm back on my bullshit 

As a cosplayer im getting sick and tired of people racefacing in this community. Like I hate when they use the excuse fir accuracy or "I'm from x country where we don't have that issue uwu" like most of these people are privileged enough to have internet. If someone calls them out, they should realize they fucked up and educate themselves to be better. I only know one person who has done that, and you know what? They got better and stopped. It's not difficult.
Mark (Mad Doctor): So when people fly the Confederate flag and say "Hey, to me it's a symbol of heritage. You have no right to be offended" I feel like they're making the same argument that you describe above. If you're that insensitive to the impact your choices make *regardless of how you feel about them,* you deserve to get called out.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Crud has hit my household. Audrey home sick from school.  Told to rest and  get lots of fluids. Hail, Hydrate!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof yea I think I got some con crud too. On and off headaches, been cold a lot recently, stuffy nose and extremely exhausted...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hope u didnt get what erik got, he sounds like hes dying
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh no! Please make sure to hydrate and rest guys!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What does Erik.habe??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm so behind on like... literally everything. I feel like I am drowning in everything I need to do T_T
