Evie (Katheryne Knight): Pfffft I got one comment on my dumb TikTok I just made
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like no shit whats it to you?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XD
Jess (whoozica): Damn I can't believe people live in your house
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I KNOW RIGHT
Jess (whoozica): ~~like damn bitch sorry I live here~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://youtu.be/GBwELzvnrQg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WE CANT LET PEOPLE KNOW WE *SIT*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): >.> I couldn't hold back my sass so I replied to him.. OOPS xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why did he even need to acknowledge it though in the first place?? Lol. Like that's nothing much of a mess to me lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah. Come to my house for the advanced clinic in clutter
Evie (Katheryne Knight): FUCK XD
I love how the guy came back with how he was impressed. Like...OKAY I G U E S S
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Late to the convo as usual since I took two twelve hour mucinex and passed out hard
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm still hacking up a lung but I feel better if that makes sense. Yesterday I could barely function.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I know right? And oh no D: I hope you feel better soon.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I hope so too I'm done with hacking up a lung Xd
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My hard hat was somehow filled with water. Guess who didn't notice until they put it on their head in 25 degree weather
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> oof
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Thankfully. Only site visit
ZombieHunter: :3
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Can't wait to go in to work tonight and find out if I'll be opening at 6am next week 🙃
Anna (loud and likely blonde): jfc i love mag but shes stressing me out she hasnt submitted her greencard renewal and it expires in 6 months
Anna (loud and likely blonde): goddamn canadian
Mark (Mad Doctor): Remind her that we shut down our government on a whim these days.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *she works for the US government and yet*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ah!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Scary.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Us government is incompetent they need all the time they can get.
