ZombieHunter: So i am high key exhausted mentally and emotionally. I ended up telling a cosplayer off because she couldn’t understand that I didn’t want her around me. 

Her exact words at a point were “I support his work on that media account because he hasn’t blocked me there yet” and I ended up losing my temper. Like. Completely.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Sounds like another offering for the Pit
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So I found out that on Sunday our on employee like fucking lost it and walked out... 
Apparently she had been saying pretty rude things to the customers all day like "You look too poor to shop here" and shit. And then a lady came in for a return and was kinda bickering on something about it, called her rude.. and as soon as she was called rude she just like snapped and then ended up walking out, in the middle of her shift O.o  ~~I got all this info from 2 coworkers who was there when it happened.~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Also this position is now open currently sooo I may see about applying for it owo lol~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm still fucking dying I give up I'm making bf take me to urgent care tonight cause it's cheaper than finding a primary physician
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> Are you okay??
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah still hacking though. I think it's a sinus infection
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Literally how did I get this
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I eat at this one place too much. They dont even take my name anymore but still call it out when ready... I'm remembered 0.0
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Special* shout out to the team that decided they want active support (IE me available to fix problems) till 8:30pm *at 3pm the day of*.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If I wasn't still recovering from Katsu and my already shit work week, I'd have *plans* ~~maybe~~ and I'd be livid.
Jess (whoozica): OOF
Anna (loud and likely blonde): $100 fucking copay for urgent care but I'm too sick to give a fuck rn
Matt (mattmyers25): Eww
Matt (mattmyers25): What's wrong?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oof.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm still dying and have been since like. Tuesday night
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's just a cold according to them. 
But that means it's not pneumonia or the flu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ha it was only 75 and they gave me like. Fuckin sudafed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ohhhjh I was supposed to get Mucinex too. Rip
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Honestly that's one reason I like, never go to the doctor because I don't want them to tell me it's something stupid and charge me for it
Jamie (Jamie): Dont trust it "just being a cold" if it gets much worse. My mum had a shit doc once tell her oh just a cold maybe some flu like symptoms. Before we knew it she had pneumonia and then was hospitalized with double pneumonia and was given a 50/50 on life or death happening. And yet the family doc had been oh it wasnt bad enough yoy didnt need to go to the ER when she first decided to bypass the docs permission
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yikes, I'm sorry that happened
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah definitely keep an eye on it
