Jess (whoozica): my boss is back RIP me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): This one dude keeps sending me memes on random occasions through insta dm's... Like thank you? But they aren't all that funny half the time. Is this a weird form of flirting...? 🤔
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i have one dude who does it too
Jess (whoozica): probbaly
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and i ghosted him >.>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hakupine i think is his user?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like they seem nice but like... um okay thanks?  O.o It's just so random XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not the same one
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): why do people do that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like i guess in order to appreciate the memes youre sending me i gotta know you first
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't care all that much it's just so random lol. And they never say anything. They just send a meme and that's it XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): that guy once messaged me saying he wants to support cosplayers and wanted to know if he could buy me something lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't think I ever responded lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oops XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I have someone from Canada that always sends me pictures of his pets
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Followers are interesting people lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...the guy who memes at me also likes to tell me about his failed bumble and tinder dates
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and im like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): weird flex but ok
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao what XD
Jess (whoozica): i had one guy who would always reply to my stories in arabic
one guy from the netherlands who just replys and tries to make conversation which is fine but like ~~i dont care~~
Jess (whoozica): one guy who was like "i bet your husband treats you really well" or something like that
Anna (Cadmium): ~~one guy kept messaging me like he was entitled to my friendship i was very confused. like he kept sending me links to rwby blog posts he wrote~~
Anna (Cadmium): ~~and sending me pics of yangs at NYCC he thought was me but i was none of them~~
Jess (whoozica): OOF
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof XD
Anna (Cadmium): literally had to block him
Anna (Cadmium): he was like "did you unfollow me?" hell yes i did
Jess (whoozica): oh noooo
Jess (whoozica): none of these compare to the straight up dick pic i got sometime last year tho
Rebecca (madameterralupus): WHAT THE FUCK?!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): EW
Jess (whoozica): with no prior interaction besides "looks good"
:thanks!"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh my god?????????????
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Bruh... people are fucked up
Jess (whoozica): i just blocked him instantly i had no idea what to do XD
Jess (whoozica): i like threw my phone and tom looked at me and i was like "iiiii just got a dick pic"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Deff what I would do too..
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~katamari~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): WHAT ABOUT THE GUY WHO SAID TOM WAS HOT WHILE GRILLING
Jess (whoozica): OH he loves tom
Jess (whoozica): he has commented on his apperence a few times <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg speak of the devil
Georgia (Something Sensible): He tagged me for flannel fam
Jess (whoozica): OMG
Mark (Mad Doctor): Hakupine? He's sent me a bunch of memes, too. I barely speak meme
Jess (whoozica): i have stuff i gotta do at work or im gonna get in trouble but i just care so little
Anna (Cadmium): is hakupine one of the ppl from L&M 's discord server? I feel ive seen that name a lot
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤷🏻‍♀️
Matt (mattmyers25): None of these people is the hazel cosplayer from konkon is it?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): No
Jess (whoozica): ~~was that the same hazel as geekdom?~~
Matt (mattmyers25): It sounds like something he would do
Anna (Cadmium): ~~ngl he came across as harmless but still~~
ZombieHunter: <@!386874959009415170>  the one who sends pet memes is it anothergamer?
ZombieHunter: Hakupine is in Casey’s server
ZombieHunter: ~~((🥔Guys I’m pretty sure the hazel is in server?))~~
Anna (Cadmium): not the one they mentioned from geekdom?
ZombieHunter: Unless we know two hazels?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yes!
Anna (Cadmium): multihazel
Georgia (Something Sensible): Idk Geekdom guy made me pretty uncomfortable, I doubt anyone would invite him here
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That was yes to anothergamer btw
ZombieHunter: Okay. Yeah he’s a good kid. From Casey’s server too.
ZombieHunter: I’ve never met any other Hazel’s@besides the weird one
Anna (Cadmium): ah just very enthusiastic
ZombieHunter: Another gamer I mean.
ZombieHunter: Idk the hazel he bugs me.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Sean Meehan also does Hazel. He's a good guy
ZombieHunter: “Call when arrive”
Calls five fucking times and no one answers 🤬🤬🤬🤬
Anna (Cadmium): lay on the horn
Matt (mattmyers25): The hazel guy creeped zombie out at konkon. So I had to escort her to her car
Matt (mattmyers25): He also came up when my gf and I were talking her and but into the conversation
ZombieHunter: Apparently@he’s autistic so if he’s bothering you it may be hard
ZombieHunter: But it’s best to tell him upfront.
Matt (mattmyers25): See, I didn't know that
ZombieHunter: He is likely incapable of picking up thensociao@cues.
ZombieHunter: Apparently he occasionally will mention is.
ZombieHunter: It
Georgia (Something Sensible): He asked me if we could be friends and I hate hate question and I was like ah no thank you and then he asked if he could buy me things to be my friend
Georgia (Something Sensible): Very weird
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Guys if we haven't bought anything for each other yet are we truly friends?! 😱 Most of us are just "friends" currently
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao... what?? Yes cause buying things for someone classifies friendship
Jess (whoozica): allthough... the context of autism does make those behaviors more understandable
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Indeed ^
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s just unsettling when you tell people no and they push
ZombieHunter: Autism especially with social dispositions leads to a lot of difficulty making friends. From what I remember and can tell, I think just letting him know “hey I’m trying to do things. Can you give me space?” Should help him understand better.
Mark (Mad Doctor): As the dad if a son with autism I think <@227431823062466569> s advice is good. Learning rules of social engagement is literally like learning a second language to people on the spectrum. (My son recently asked why he can't say "fuck" in class). People who are aware that they are ASD are usually grateful when people politely explain social rules (think of the foreigner who helps to explain a non English idiom). However, there is a wide range of people w autism and it's always difficult to generalize.
ZombieHunter: I have a cousin who I work with a lot and the best way for him to learn is always to explain it to him why it's unacceptable or to just be very blunt. It may be difficult, but sometimes they will not learn unless someone explains to them what is wrong or that what they're doing is inappropriate.
Jess (whoozica): thanks for pointing that out guys, im kinda disappointing in myself that i didnt think of that sooner, I'm trying to be more aware of this kind of stuff so the explanation helps.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@227431823062466569> Honestly this is super helpful and educated me on how to work with someone like this in the future if I am approached in a social setting
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mark, teaching kids even while not even in a classroom setting, thank you 👌
snow ( karma chameleon ): we been schooled
Mark (Mad Doctor): Honestly, anybody who has ever described themselves as "socially awkward" is probably a little bit on the spectrum. Fandom and gaming seem to draw a lot of people who are more severe, since they provide clearer rules for interaction
Jess (whoozica): thats a good point
ZombieHunter: they also allow for isolation when overstimulation is a potential issue.
Anna (Cadmium): After finally convincing myself to just make the insurance claim i needed to 
not only did i have to pull teeth for the insurance policy number when i got in the accident.
They spelled their last name wrong on the registration so its wrong on the police report
Jess (whoozica): wow wtf? can they correct it?
Anna (Cadmium): uhhhhh. i mean i guess. its not my fault or problem though like thats their end
Anna (Cadmium): like its wrong on their insurance claim
Anna (Cadmium): im glad i got their number bc uh. otherwise we ran out of ways to look em up
Jess (whoozica): damn
Anna (Cadmium): idk shes probably gonna have a whale of a time bc the other chick who hit me had been acting like she had the right of way the whole time. 
and uh. no.... thats.... thats not what happened. you dont get a right hand turn till the left hand lane
Anna (Cadmium): and either way like. u hit me.
Jess (whoozica): Ugh insurance is a pain
Jess (whoozica): People are also a pain
Anna (Cadmium): having a 19 year old long island driver hit your car with her brother's 2019 chevy is also a pain
Jess (whoozica): Oog
Erik (Red Riot Thot): sucks to be her
Erik (Red Riot Thot): bro won't be too happy lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): also, did this just happen today?
Matt (mattmyers25): The 19 year old shouldn't drive anymore
Jess (whoozica): ???  I didn't t think that's the answer, sure it's a pain in the butt but sometimes mistakes have to be learned the hard way. Hopefully the 19yr old will learn from her mistake and be a safer driver in the future
Anna (Cadmium): no it was december but like holidays slowed down me getting the police report
Anna (Cadmium): um. i mean. maybe long islanders need to relearn how to drive when her brother shows up and all of them are claiming she had the right of way
no. You cant change lanes mid  turn
