Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Me: Knows almost nobody would be able to tell if i make a slight error in playing the piano with my relatively unknown songs
Me: still completely resets and does it again
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So I usually don't talk about this stuff but I need to vent hard.

I've hit an extreme low. My self esteem doesn't exist and I have no motivation to work on anything, go to the gym, watch anything, etc. I feel like all my life got sucked out of me and that no matter how hard I try to get back on track nothing works. It's also been harder to stay on my Weight Watchers points because I'm always hungry and craving carbs and I just can't seem to find anything to fill me up so I'm not hungry and it's annoying as hell.

I also just want to get the hell out of PA but can't because of Chris being tied to his job for another 5 years.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm in a similar boat in terms of lack of motivation. I just have no desire to work on the things I need to at work and it's going to bite me in the ass soon. I'm just bored and not happy here but haven't had much luck in terms of getting interviews for a new job which is really discouraging. Just know that you're not alone and you've got a lot of friends out there who love and care about you.  💕
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I was in a rut like that in last few months of 2018. It’s terrible cause you know you’re in the rut but you can’t DO anything to get out of it, and that just makes it feel worse. 😭 

But Erik said it, you aren’t alone and you have lots of people who’ll support you!
Jess (whoozica): I've been feeling similar on and off a alot latley too
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I hate making drawings of parts with a lot of geometry because this looks cluttered as fuck but there's really no better way of doing it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ew. but yea theres really no way around that.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I might switch and make a datum table. That might be cleaner looknig
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Been expecting this phone screen since noon... 16 minutes have passed and still no call...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): like, I scheduled for noon so I could take the call during my lunch break...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so like... if I don't get the call in the next 10 minutes...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Welp... lunch is over. Thanks dude. Obviously you're interested in me...
