Rebecca (madameterralupus): So my cousins wife asked my mom the other night for she could send their daughter here to live for a month for some reason... we denied for several reasons but my mom saw her one photo on Facebook and goes idk but if I said yes she could stay here she'd be going through the Beth Bitch Boot camp... she needs to cut this sexy duck face stuff out. She's only 13! 
I lost it at her "boot camp" name though LOL
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Vic got the boot
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He's no longer voicing Qrow
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RIP Qrow.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I saw your tweet at RT earlier about Chris lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): I thought the drink would be what took him down
Georgia (Something Sensible): so theyre gonna recast oooo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We all are voting Chris be new Qrow
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Please don't kill off Qrow like this is all I ask
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am. Glad I never got him to sign my rwby poster lmfao
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm confident they will get someone good to voice him.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like. Hundreds of fans would line up to try out for him. They're not a tiny studio.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also like how much money they gonna save not paying him lmfao
Jamie (Jamie): I'm honestly mixed feelings on the while thing like yea no what he did not good makes him pretty scummy but also he had been the only VA i had any interest in meeting because his singing voice makes me go yis
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaa I've heard or seen a few comments about how he acted this way through out the years some but only here and there. Not as brought up as much as now. I've met him like 2-3 times and never had a bad experience so I didn't have any dislike towards him. He was always really friendly, sweet and fun to talk to when I met him. No acting in any sort from what I've been seeing lately. This kinda sucks cause he was always one of my fave VA's but if he's been acting this way then what can ya do 🤷 He did wrong soo...
Jamie (Jamie): Yea pretty much, though i did hear a story from my one nc friend said that he was really pushy about religion during a panel she went to of his that was Christianity in anime or something like that
Jamie (Jamie): So having a mental break as i finally look at my w2 from my work and realize if I did a full year of working there I would barely make 6-8k.... I wanna cry
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is this the current job?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~this fuckin engineer who left the company issued plans with the stop bar on the wrong side of the road~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's amazing how I can be so organized when it comes to my cosplays and crafting supplies... but anything else... nope! ~~Goal for this year. Get better at organization again~~
Jess (whoozica): my boss told me we would be yesterday, then he told me wed meet this morning, its officially not morning and I'm tired of siting around waiting to have a meeting, and i have nothing to do. I wanna go home and work on shit
Marisa (Mawisa): host your own meeting
be all the different people and argue with yourself
Jess (whoozica): i garentee its something im going to have to rush to get done before i go away next week too
Jess (whoozica): every time i take time off they give me some "super important" project that NEEDS to be done before i go
Marisa (Mawisa): "we need you to reinvent comic sans"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i was emotionally ranting about how i always manage to end up cosplaying loud blondes and boy just. says 'find loud brunettes then' *thats not how this works dammit*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *those dont exist*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *in anime*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *you were meant to laugh*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I want to find one now lol~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): pls let me know if you find one
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~that doesnt have like a pixi cut~~
Marisa (Mawisa): Haruhi Suzumiya?
How do u define loud
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Marisa (Mawisa): Yeah lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): who dat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA MARISA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LmaO
Marisa (Mawisa): Haruhi
Anna (loud and likely blonde): from
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh shit you right
Marisa (Mawisa): The melancholy of haruhi suzumiya
Anna don’t do this to me
Marisa (Mawisa): *dont pretend you don’t know her*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its from 2003 ffs how would i know
Marisa (Mawisa): ***anna***
Marisa (Mawisa): Leanna I’m proud of you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i know (1) one anime thing
Marisa (Mawisa): ***shes like one of the most iconic anime characters of all time. like goku and Naruto. Come with me at Katsu you have so much to learn.***
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i didnt fuckin read naruto either
Marisa (Mawisa): I’m shook
Anna (loud and likely blonde): well. i lied. i read 14 volumes and decided i didnt like it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and didnt bother continuing
Marisa (Mawisa): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): they only had 14 volumes in my library shaddup
Marisa (Mawisa): “I didn’t read Naruto I only read 14 volumes” hehehehehe
Marisa (Mawisa): What a weeny thing to say. Good.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u tryna tell me 14 volumes is a *significant* portion of naruto
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i read all of bleach let me e
Marisa (Mawisa): no not in the slightest boruto’s dad has like 500 volumes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yeaaa Naruto has a lot. I couldnt keep up thus why I dropped it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *exactly*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 14 volumes is just a sample
Marisa (Mawisa): Believe it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Same goes for One Piece. And I absolutely love it. I've just given up on following it... will wait till its done.. whenever the fuck that is XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): you gonna be 50 before its done
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Probs XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's already like 20 yrs old or some shit
Marisa (Mawisa): The theme park is closing soon <:rip:378273525804433408>
Marisa (Mawisa): I just burnt my hand really badly and am in immense pain 
I’m afraid this is gonna impact my katsucrunch 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> Oh no! Don't hurt yourself 😦
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hope ya okay
Marisa (Mawisa): Too late lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cold water and ice it
Marisa (Mawisa): Yeah I’m doing that now but wow it is pain
Rebecca (madameterralupus): How did you burn it? 😦
Marisa (Mawisa): Lunch and dinner prep
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikesss
Tom (tomukuncosplay): OH NO 😭
Marisa (Mawisa): We have a wedding this weekend and BoJo needed help with a dress zipper so I left a metal spoon in a pan that was cooking and when I came back to stir it I touched the spoon and cooked myself 🔥
Jess (whoozica): NO 😭
Marisa (Mawisa): Of course the fingers I use for hand sewing are in the worst shape hhhhh
I’m typing with my left hand maybe I can learn to sew with it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Maybe neosporin it?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The closer the time gets to when I need to go into work the more my anxiety rises. Cause the schedule for next week should be out and I'm worried of what's gonna happen >.< Please pray and keep me in your thoughts that I got all the days I need off. I don't want to have to call off for more than 1...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m now expected to be staff on four completely different projects! 
...
Imma be as stretched out as Gumby at this rate.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): This is why we don't let things auto add scales
Jess (whoozica): That's terrifying
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What the fuck is that??
Marisa (Mawisa): art
Jess (whoozica): Rebecca, did you get your schedule yet?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): No 😭 I came in and it's not posted yet. My anxiety continues... ~~fucking end me~~
Jess (whoozica): Ahhhh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~My nerves with it have been V bad all day. I'm like nonstop shaking~~
Jess (whoozica): 😭 awww! Deep breaths
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Doing my best. Thankfully our framer is really nice and helped me figure out our attendance policy better in case I do need to call off 💕
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~its a street tree plan that the builders pavement plan text scaled over top of~~ the pavement plan bits are 1:1 scale but they got made 1" = 40' scale
ZombieHunter: I have a public speaking speech today
ZombieHunter: I like to hold things when I talk. Makes me Breathe a little. <@!386874959009415170>
ZombieHunter: 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 💕
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AWWWW
