Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why is figuring out what the family vacation for the year is gonna be so 👏 damn 👏 hard
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fucked up my sewing machine and I don't know what's even wrong to fix it <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): What's it doing
Marisa (Mawisa): If it’s not doing alcohol and hard drugs yet we can still fix it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I might just be stupid. I thought I did something that fucked the presserfoot and it wasn't lifting high enough
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I might have dissected my sewing machine for no reason
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh LMAO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But hey now I know what's going on inside the machine lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Let's see if I remember where all the screws go
Anna (Cadmium): Whelp. Maybe take the opportunity to compressed air out any dust?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I have an extra screw whoops
Anna (Cadmium): I just. Painted. The stripes backwards
Jess (whoozica): Well looks like it's time to go bed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Found the other screw hole but I must have stripped one because I have two bigger screws and two smaller screws but three bigger holes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 🙃
Anna (Cadmium): Maybe it's time to take it for a tune-up
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's basically brand new. I've only used it a few times
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i meant for them to put it back together and find the stripped screw~~
Actually what brand is it?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh I got it back together and it works fine. I just have an empty screw hole because I stripped the hole
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And it's a Bröther
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Whenever you fix something, it’s not fixed if you don’t have an extra screw or two.
Anna (Cadmium): Oh they fix those by me. I think they have a reassembly video on their site 
Eh a lil duct tape makes everything better it's fineeeeeeee
Anna (Cadmium): SOMEHOW I lost my yellow spandex. I actually needed that. For right now. Fuck
Jess (whoozica): someones space heater in the office burned out, my office smells like sulfer and is making me cough, and my stomach hurt
Georgia (Something Sensible): What the FUCK RUTH BADER GINSBURG DIED
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): who.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~who is that~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): A Supreme Court justice
Marisa (Mawisa): the greatest judge ever
Georgia (Something Sensible): She was like 86, and had so much energy for an old person
Marisa (Mawisa): she isn't dead
Marisa (Mawisa): fox messed up
Marisa (Mawisa): is ok
Anna (Cadmium): WHAT
Georgia (Something Sensible): _im watching CNN_
Marisa (Mawisa): orly?
Matt (mattmyers25): Twitter hasn't exploded yrt
Matt (mattmyers25): Yet
Anna (Cadmium): wikipedia hasnt updated
Marisa (Mawisa): ye checking now there's no news about her death
Anna (Cadmium): o no twitter exploded saying fox u fucked up
Georgia (Something Sensible): Fact check, she’s still alive
Matt (mattmyers25): I was about to say
Anna (Cadmium): heart attack avoided
Georgia (Something Sensible): whEW
Marisa (Mawisa): cnn done messed up
Anna (Cadmium): important question WHY DOES FOX HAVE A PREMADE RBG DEATH CLIP
Georgia (Something Sensible): _who at Fox is gonna assassinate RBG_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So my job was hiring a PT Floral Specialist but I never heard back on it. And now I can't find the position listed anywhere? I was really hoping to get it... and I am worried now someone else got it 😦
Anna (Cadmium): they might have had to cut it the position cause budgets
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Maybe. I wish I wasn't so scared of rejection or else I'd ask. I did ask my assistant gm a while back on it but she said she saw no application. I need to remember to ask my main gm and not be so scared too ask ~~she's really nice so idk why i am so scared.~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I keep debating on applying for the PT framer buuttt i need to get better at measuring first. and keep learning stuff under Eric's wing before I do so.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~if i could ask arryn about making a robe, you can ask your gm about the position~~
Anna (Cadmium): make it not directly about that. just be like. hey did we get anyone for that?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~You right!~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And mhhmm. That's what I'll prob do. Maybe ill casually bring it up next time we are discussing stuff about the floral area lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Our framer Mark's last day was yesterday and I already miss him so much 😭 he was so fun to work with. And he left us all such a sweet note
Jess (whoozica): i feel your pain fren
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I'm nabbing his utility knife though since he left it behind and someone took mine from my apron. So thanks man lol~~ Dab_Qrow_dab:
Jess (whoozica): my boss is lecturing people today, pray he misses me with that shit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Hide under the desk*
Jess (whoozica): ~~that would never work~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Worked hiding Kurtis from his freshman stalker.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oh wow I'mma sleepy now.
Jess (whoozica): ugh i promised myself i finish this chapter today but 😴
Anna (Cadmium): my coworker somehow smells like mothballs HOW
Jess (whoozica): OOf mothballs are the worst
Mark (Mad Doctor): How do they stand themselves?
Anna (Cadmium): IDK its new it smells like. old people and a hint of mothballs. but. hes normally not like this
