Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yo big same
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ugh. That Sean Dyke guy has been at it again on the Ota FB feed. He thinks it's the height of comedy to love offensive posts like they are grenades. Sadly, there are always a few who egg him on.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Woah who?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I don't relaly follow the Otakon FB
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also i'mr eally trying to get excited for this con, but I just can't. I'm hoping being with friends tonight will pump me up.
Mark (Mad Doctor): He makes fun of weebs and sleazy anime fans, but he pretty much fits the profile of what he mocks. Today's post was "Do I smell pollution's or are the weebs arriving early."
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm going into Ota with low expectations myself. Looking forward to a chill con
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh... a in denial weeb
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thinks he's cooler than everyone else, but posts lolicon on his personal FB?
Mark (Mad Doctor): exactly
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): anime is a mistake.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yuk
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OH OOF I WAS JOKING ABOUT THE LAST PART ON THE LOLICON BUT IF THAT'S THE CASE GROSS
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I hate poeple sometimes -____-
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I mean, probably close enough.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just openly admit I'm a weeb and embrace it... XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I fucking love anime, manga, and JRPGs u wot m8
Mark (Mad Doctor): Honestly, people who complain about body odor at anime cons should really try going to a miniatures con. Those guys don't even have the excuse of armor/heavy cosplay
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ahaha.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeeeeaaaaah
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I've been to a few tabletop/miniature cons.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's bad.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You go anywhere in the public and you can smell BO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): especially in this weather
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I had to wash Winter last night cause it smelled like BO and I Fabreezed the hell out of my jacket
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also how do we know they aren't in character? XDDDDD
Mark (Mad Doctor): In unrelated news, my mother in law secretly stashed pine tree air fresheners around our house when she house sat for us last week.  I may slip one into my Spiderman Noir coat
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Miniature cons don't have cosplay, afaik.
Mark (Mad Doctor): It's frowned on
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh I was talking in general at anime cons I know Miniature cons it's a no no XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I believe the meme is "You can't call the flies buzzing around you a Link cosplay and the flies are your Navi"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oooooof
Evie (Katheryne Knight): this is why I spray hard with my body spray and shower the night before.
Mark (Mad Doctor): At least humidity levels are predicted to be relatively low, for DC
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I wouldn't worry about it Gen. You have to be willingly negligent of your personal hygiene to be the level of BO we're talking about.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm very self concious of that stuff
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause I used to be really smelly in 5th grade cause of puberty and shit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can't even imagine OwO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Beign young was a time for me.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Heh. I'm at the age where the aches and pains and memory lapses are starting to hit. It sucks to get old. But if you asked if I would trade it for adolescence? Big nope
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: the shop didnt tell us they were shipping pipe today so pipe went out without a drawing
hooray
Erik (Red Riot Thot): customer changed parts in their BOM after we had quoted and started building their order... twice...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sounds like we all are having much fun at work today... ~~I literally have nothing to do all day. Only a few phone calls. oof~~
Travis (frozen waffle cosplay): <:rip:378273525804433408>
Travis (frozen waffle cosplay): Is this the crusty crab
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: *oh, thank you mr foreman you want all the pipe friday so i have 2 days to do 4 shop drawings*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): this customer is so fucking difficult to deal with and I hate them so goddamn much
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: oh. apparently bossman is actually. happy im on top of this
