Evie (Katheryne Knight): Did anyone else have the BNE chat disappear because of some form out outage?
Marisa (Mawisa): not bne but another server disappeared and i couldn't figure out which it was oops
Erik (Red Riot Thot): No... 👀
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): This happens to discord occasionally.
Marisa (Mawisa): I just went deaf due to the amount of screeching that occurred when Sakura Kiss came on, and then one girl bowed so hard during Study Equals Magic that it caused a domino effect of falling cosplayers

But also two people without partners spotted each other at the same time during a partner dance section of the song and the one girl just FLEW across the room and slid into a proposal pose at the perfect moment. I want to remember that coolness forever.
Marisa (Mawisa): There are so many girls making heart hands at the hitachiin twins I can’t see the screen lol
Jess (whoozica): Where is u?
Marisa (Mawisa): anime song event! it just wrapped up though
Jess (whoozica): Oo neat!
Marisa (Mawisa): this time i was actually able to keep up and do some of the dances that we don't do in the US, but i got really winded during gokuraku jodo so i just watched after that
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So did anyone hear about Instas new feature that sends an alert if your stuff gets screenshotted?
Marisa (Mawisa): oh no
rip me taking pictures for reference and to remember stuff for later
Marisa (Mawisa): my worst nightmare
Jess (whoozica): I heard about it awhile ago but i thought they decided not to do that? unless its back on the table now
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SAME
Nope it's apparently already a part of the update from how I've read it
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm gonna take a picture of ur story lemme know if it says i'm a stalker
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof yikes
Marisa (Mawisa): snap: shotted
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ditto to Jess, I thought they gave up on that.
Jess (whoozica): So like a week ago my boss fired my favorite coworker and only work friend and is hiring an advertising agency to fill his space but the as agency also does graphics obviously so basically now what going to happen is the ad agency is going to create the sytle for everything and then im just going to "copy" them to other things (i.e. doesnt wanna pay them to do everything when i work for cheaper) because my boss doesn't value my opinions at all and only cares what the ad agency guy says because my boss wont listen to women and only listens to 60+ year old men, which he will say is based on "their experience" meanwhile, he wants me to "keep a positive attitude" and "needs my commitment"
Marisa (Mawisa): become a 60 year old man
Marisa (Mawisa): that'll show him
Jess (whoozica): SHIT u right
Jess (whoozica): i already have a shit wig and a binder what am i waiting for
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~look for another job?~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Jess let's get out of our shitty jobs and start our own business lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~hire me at your new business~~
Jess (whoozica): ~~i am billiam but getting a new job isnt that easy~~
Jess (whoozica): YEA NEW BUSINESS i could never run my own business
Jess (whoozica): id just be like "meh not feelin it"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): lol same
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Business Needs Emporium
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's going to happen.
Jess (whoozica): 
Jess (whoozica): anyway i just needed to vent that out ~~cuz my anxiety has been all over the place so i seem testy thats prob why.~~  <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jess (whoozica): I appreciate y'all though
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): nice meme.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~it's BNE~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): also you fine grrl.
Jess (whoozica): someone plz tell me how "editing a price list via excel" says "graphic design"
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Cause you gonna do it with graphic violence
Jess (whoozica): ~~imma be showing them some graphic violence pretty soon~~
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): That's just how it be sometimes
Anna (Cadmium): I made it to freaking Ossining NY literally driving like 100 miles to drop off these hand delivered only forms and. One of them is wrong
Jess (whoozica): Fuck
Anna (Cadmium): And it's not even a form that we can fix. It's. A form that came from a lawyer and like. They have 20 mintes to fix this
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Ooh, that's not good
Anna (Cadmium): I just spent an hour in the buildings department to find out that something else is wrong
Anna (Cadmium): They just closed
Anna (Cadmium): I'm going home
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I'm so sorry ;-;
Anna (Cadmium): I'm only. Annoyed bc I have to do this next week also. 
More like i won't get back to the office till 6 should I head straight home or nah
Jess (whoozica): what time does your office close?
Anna (Cadmium): 5:30
Jess (whoozica): yea go home
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah traffic is getting worse too. Fuck it
Anna (Cadmium): My only moral complication is I would head to my parents which is. An hour the other way
Jess (whoozica): they dont have to know that XD
Anna (Cadmium): Tru
