Anna (Cadmium): .....it snowed enough to make ppl drive stupid but not close office. sad.
Jamie (Jamie): Same this also made me sad when i awoke
Jamie (Jamie): But it looked pretty
Jamie (Jamie): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): Schools east and west of me got two hour delays, but North of Philadelphia, we had the dual  joy of shoveling and getting to work on time
Jess (whoozica): ugh i could have really used a mental health day today
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): same
Jess (whoozica): tgif at least
Jess (whoozica): also i need warmer weather so bad right now and its gonna be like 2 degrees sunday
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I had no delays going into the bank. It was a nightmare getting out of the apartment complex this morning.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I needed to burn some rubber to get up my driveway.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yea your driveways pretty crazy Bill XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hopefully it's not too bad to get out of with snow lol
Jess (whoozica): oh it is
Jess (whoozica): one time there wasnt even snow and we couldnt get up when we were going to a con so we all got out and pushed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof D:
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I had got out earlier in the morning, it was the luggage weight that did it~~
Jess (whoozica): and peoples
Anna (Cadmium): usually adding weight... helps traction?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m just so glad my parents have a plow guy.
Jess (whoozica): thats onlt for rear wheel drive cars i believe?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s like... what, a 40 degree S curve?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s not fun.
Jess (whoozica): its terrible
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yea I remember when we pulled up at Bill's house the morning of ANYC, Erik was like oof but okay lets do it XD
Jess (whoozica): better than toms parents at least, there's is all dirt/mud usually has a pond sized puddle at the bottom and is up hill
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes
Jess (whoozica): yea you ussually just gotta gun it and get up there and your car gets covered in mud
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol time to go mudding!
Jess (whoozica): the also dont have a plow guy, in high school tom literally spent 8 hrs shoveling it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Aww D:
Jess (whoozica): i think they have a plow now though? like a second hand one
Jess (whoozica): yea i was like "yay snow day we can talk all day " and he was like "bitch you thought"
Jess (whoozica): god i hope my boss forgets to have a meeting with me again today
Georgia (Something Sensible): The woman who wrote my NASA recommendation letter emailed me today to say I have all the key personality traits that NASA looks for in young students 😭👏
Anna (Cadmium): *hell yea*
Anna (Cadmium): *please turn the government back on i need these damn firmette panels and FEMAs site doesnt wanna work*
Jess (whoozica): *please turn the government back on*
Anna (Cadmium): like
Anna (Cadmium): this is not supposed to be blank
Jess (whoozica): well
Jess (whoozica): thats.... descriptive
Georgia (Something Sensible): [screams and flips switch on and off to try to get the government to work again]
Jamie (Jamie): So yeeted out of work early cause dick face was condencending dick face and this time triggered my fucking anxiety attack. Like here have a cherry to finish up all that bottled up rage and frustration
Anna (Cadmium): fml are you ok now?
Jamie (Jamie): Literally i come back from the bathroom and he looks at me with like a smirk look like he knows something saying "you know there are cameras everywhere right?" As if i was just off fucking around. Told him i was in the bathroom how is this relevant and he jist gives me this look like yea right sure you were. Fucking asshole
Jamie (Jamie): Yea im in bed gonna nap soon for a bit cause attacks fucking drain emotional and physical and it sucks
Jamie (Jamie): Been dealing with this dick for 5 months and just im so done with his shit
Jess (whoozica): what a dick wtf does that MEAN
Jamie (Jamie): Talking to boss man Monday telling him exactly what caused the attack cause he wasnt in today so i texted him saying im leaving early this is why and I'll discuss the cause with you on Monday.
Jamie (Jamie): The other guy i asked him if he was treated like this when he worked my position and he tried to make excuses how sean is stressed so it comes out wrong sometimes NO he's just an asshole and a mysoginistic condencending one at that
Jess (whoozica): ok but "there are cameras everywhere" is a really fucking creepy thing to say
Jess (whoozica): are you the only woman who works there?
Jamie (Jamie): It really is honestly
Jamie (Jamie): And yea me and 3 men are all that exist in that building
Jess (whoozica): oof that is rough. my boss is also a sexist shit but i have at least a few other girls to relate with
Jamie (Jamie): I like what jason said when I was talking to him earlier i. Regards to say to Ryan (boss/owner) "Just remind him that abusive coworkers especially to females is a lawsuit waiting to happen"
Anna (Cadmium): jfc. okay im glad youre safe rn and i hope your boss doesnt try to make excuses and listens to you
Jamie (Jamie): Honestly Monday worst case scenario i have to double time my job search endeavors and rely on jason for a little financially again.
Jess (whoozica): yea, this guy sounds potentially dangerous 😬
Jamie (Jamie): Cause i feel like even if ryan talks to Sean about this it won't change much he'll prolly be pissy with me and be more of an asshole or Ryan says what josh did and to not let it get to me too much cause he's stressed is all. Both will result in me doing a karkat and walking the fuck out
Jamie (Jamie): I mean same guy who thinks marriages only work cause side girls
Jess (whoozica): yea so douche
Jess (whoozica): josh is the GD? sean is asshole, ryan is boss?
Jamie (Jamie): Yup thats the dynamic
Jamie (Jamie): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Almost though my car wasn't gonna start when I was trying to leave the post office 😩 (took my old car) cause the gears were just grinding... oof. Thankfully it didn't and I'm not gonna be stranded
Jamie (Jamie): Oh no yea good you didnt get stranded. Why did you take the old one?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cause most of my post office supplies are in there. 🤷🏻‍♀️ should have just moved them out and took my current but lazy so just uncovered Pete from snow and said YOLO even though he's not too safe for snow driving now 😅
Jamie (Jamie): Lol bad lazy that not safe xD
Jess (whoozica): *has meeting with boss*
I am prepared ™
Boss is completely unprepared
postpones meeting until Monday after 10 mins 🙄
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Millennials killing office meetings because they are too prepared*
Mark (Mad Doctor): You kids and your "productive meetings" . Why, in my day the council of Trent went on for forty years and all we got out of it was a lukewarm condemnation of Protestants
Mark (Mad Doctor): Sorry. I'm in a bad mood b/c I subbed for a colleague last period Friday and two students set a new standard for rudeness. Called them out three times, and each time on my next breath they were back to their conversation.
Jess (whoozica): Big oof. Tgif tho
Mark (Mad Doctor): This is why bourbon was invented
Anna (Cadmium): sadly you cant look at kids and go 'you are why i am an alchoholic' without complaints from parents
Jess (whoozica): Me on ride home: "I'mma go home and work out and maybe have some wine in the tub after"
Get home: "or I'll just sit on this couch"
Anna (Cadmium): work out so u can relax in tub
Jess (whoozica): But but couch
Anna (Cadmium): do abs. then couch will feel comfier
Jess (whoozica): Damn u so right
Marisa (Mawisa): o thank goodness you're going home you've been at work for like 3 days
Marisa (Mawisa): straight
