Evie (Katheryne Knight): My roommates cat destroyed me
I tried picking her up and I suffered the consequences
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wonder if my bosses would let me work a double shit 🤔 Cause I need next Friday evening off. I was accidentally scheduled for close, don't want to argue on fixing. And my coworker can take it if I do her Sat evening but I already work that morning lol.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wow thanks landlord for not cashing my damn rent check till NOW
Jess (whoozica): thats ok mine hasn't cashed February's yet
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~wtf did they lose it or something~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): except i got way less in my bank acct than anticipated rn i thought i had actually saved some money this month. 
nope
Jess (whoozica): no my uncles just lazy as fuck
Anna (loud and likely blonde): no one let me buy cosplay things after this month
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Erik and I have reputations.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): For.
Dizzy: The erik-impulse-buys count is 10.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): !counter erik-impulse-buys check
Erik (Red Riot Thot): counter is definitely very much behind
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeaaaaah I need to redo that code but I'm also lazy as fuck.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I also just lose track of impulse buys
Erik (Red Riot Thot): because it's usually just browsing Amazon for cosplay stuff and I'm like "Yup, need that"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ugh this was not a good month then i needed to have 1K for savings for downpayment
Jamie (Jamie): conspiracy theory: governments are actually trying to reduce population through extreme methods and blaming the economy and trying to fix that as reason for causing more people to struggle with staying alive
Jamie (Jamie): reason mentioned is cause another crazy petition sign up thing in my email https://www.dailykos.com/campaigns/forms/sign-and-leave-a-comment?detail=emailaction&link_id=2&can_id=20b7753786cce09b4578700e303bf737&source=email-urgent-trump-administration-set-to-cut-food-assistance-from-people-looking-for-work&email_referrer=email_506718&email_subject=urgent-trump-administration-set-to-cut-food-assistance-from-people-looking-for-work
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): >.> the amount of homophobes i've had to block since i started posting the katsu bee pics is astounding
Jess (whoozica): Really?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mhm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ive had the most dms and comments on my posts like "fucking fags" "gross" "this isn;t right"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like i had to have blocked and reported at LEAST 9 people
Georgia (Something Sensible): in 20-BI-TEEN?
Jess (whoozica): WTF
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 2 of which were today
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 1 even had "against cyber bullying" in their insta bio
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats laughable
Mark (Mad Doctor): What the hell? How do you even follow these fandoms with a homophobic point of view?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): right?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the kicker though is that a few of them had gay fanart as their profile pics......
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): >.>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like.....
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): are you...serious?
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): That takes some serious mental gymnastics
Mark (Mad Doctor): More to the point, how do they follow your account and expect CisHet content?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ YOU RIGHT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like i don't think i've ever posted straight content
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im incredibly bi, how do you start following me and not think theres gonna be some gay shit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the guy who commented  "fucking fags" on my post though was the most ridiculous one, had a whiterose profile pic, "antibullying" in bio, and takes rwby art requests on his private art account
Jess (whoozica): Your profile literally says bi like this should not be a surprise
Jess (whoozica): WAT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/matg-calculate-confusing-figure-out-gif-6237717
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ....he
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...tagged himself
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): in the comments
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im
Jess (whoozica): What? What
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LmaOOOO
Jess (whoozica): Y tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 2 separate comments
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): one specifically to tag himself
