Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Well he IS a doctor.
Anna [Cyborg]: a MAD doctor 

....
... We probably should have anticipated this
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm a doctor of medieval history. Somebody get me some leeches
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I've done something similar 😂 I pushed down on a double sided razor blade for leverage with my thumb
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Hope its not too bad !
Jamie (Jamie): So fun times when in the third week of the new job i need to call off because my tire likely has a nail in it and i need to take care of it cause 45 minute commute and tire slow losing air means me needing alot of quarters to fill my air before going anywhere oof
Jamie (Jamie): Like in the time i was at school from 6-9 30 it went from 30 psi down to 18 psi <:imdyingsquirtle:378261448838610944>
Jamie (Jamie): But its slow enough of a leak i could get home last night and tonight
Tom (tomukuncosplay): 😦
Tom (tomukuncosplay): leaky tire life, mines def slower tho
Tom (tomukuncosplay): yours sounds pretty bad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Jamieee please be careful 😱😭
I thought Jason was gonna look at it today??
Anna [Cyborg]: If you got a leak you either have a nail in it or your seal is fucked. Uhhhh also if there's a quikcheck near you they have free air pumps
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't think we have wuickchecks in PA but wawa and other gas stations should have free air pumps...
Anna [Cyborg]: Srs as a person who has had to, on MULTIPLE occasions re-seat your tire and plug holes in my tires. Pls go to a place that plugs tires bc if it goes down too low it'll ride on your rims and that's not good
Anna [Cyborg]: If you can see the nail it'll be fast but otherwise if it's the seat you need them to redo it unless you're redneck enough to have a compressor, green goo, and something to pinch it. 
Srs places will offer flat rate tire patches and ithink in PA it's legal to patch tires with the tarred rope so you're fine
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hey friends going to Otakon. That crazy I Stand With Vic dude causing all that drama who wanted people to riot in his name at RTX is going to Otakon. So keep your eyes peeled, and if you see him harassing people, report his ass to security.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Now I want to wear Qrow and carry a sign reading "I'm better than my voice"
Mark (Mad Doctor): My luck with punctured tires is terrible. The last three nails I picked up were just outside the belt where it can be easily plugged. It's the difference between $15 and $150
Jamie (Jamie): yea this same tire since easter has had a 3 inch nail in it, hit a pothole and dented the rim making me replace the rim about a month ago and now this weird mini leak
Jamie (Jamie): which update jason couldn't find a nail or hole himself so now the need is taking to a shop and hoping they dont say i need a new tire instead of it being able to be fixed (which at this point a new tire sounds like a hell of a plan
Jamie (Jamie): cursed tire is what the one thats there now feels like
Anna [Cyborg]: Nah it might have a leak around the uh. Nozzle thing. Jason did the soapy water method? Personally I jack the car up and take off the tire and inspect it that way but I also have the air gun that takes off the lug nuts so I don't have to do it by hand
Jamie (Jamie): Yea he did take it off, sitting at a garage now was hoping maybe could still make it to work but with hour drive and start at 12 30 I'm gon a have to still call out for today maybe i can make it in for partial but will see how it goes
Jamie (Jamie): They just started working on it so
Jamie (Jamie): So final note on the tire saga
Jamie (Jamie): All fixed now and i learned a k ew useful fact
Jamie (Jamie): The patches in tire repair kits are for temp use and will wear down. The leak was from where i had a nail in the tire back at easter and we put in what was i now know to be a temporary patch to fix it.
Jamie (Jamie): The more you know
Anna [Cyborg]: Ahhhh I see. 
Well good to know and good to know you didn't need a new tire!
Jamie (Jamie): Yup so now to get ready for work and see if i can get most of the hours i was supposed to today lol
Anna [Cyborg]: i want to kill this architect so much rn
Anna [Cyborg]: WHY ARE THESE ROOMS CURVED ZIG ZAGS
Anna [Cyborg]: DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS TO RUN STRAIGHT PIPE IN A CURVED BUILDING
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Don't you just love those guys who reply with one word messages to every story you post
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): And the guys who send you your own posts so that they can talk to you about it
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): They have no life
Anna [Cyborg]: *literally why do they do this tho*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ah yes a post. My post. Thank you for noticing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And making me aware of what... I posted lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Guh I hate when dudes to that like... Why
Mark (Mad Doctor): yo
hi
nice


Am I doing it right?
