Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why do professor insist on sending homework files in a format I for some reason can't fucking open...ommmmgg
Jamie (Jamie): Oh that reminds me i need to schedule when to go do placement tests....
Jamie (Jamie): Also i've applied been accepted and such to a college and basically once i find out how the fafsa feels about me I'll know if i can finally say I'm going to college
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh? 😮 What college?
Jamie (Jamie): Bucks county community college
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh nice 😄
Jamie (Jamie): Either gonna do certificate for early childhood education or the 2 year associate in basically same field but more intense and able to transfer if I decide i really like the teaching thing and want to go get the bachelors for it and teach more than pre-k thru 4th
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahh nice! Well I wish ya all the luck on getting in 😃
Jamie (Jamie): I'm realizing i get a bit nervous if i think too much about the realization of actually finally doing this shit
Jamie (Jamie): Thank ~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And aww don't stress yourself out too much. You'll be fine ❤
Jamie (Jamie): And i'm in its just being able to secure the financing for it all
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Well I wish ya all the luck on that as well 😃
Jamie (Jamie): Thank Thank and I'm sure I will do fine its that weird hey life change moment heres a healthy dose of the nervs
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): bucks county...................................................
bucks county is nice
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): it's got that nice old fashioned vibe
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh that's really close to me
Anna (blonde and sad): congrats jamie!! we can help u find some scholarships n stuff too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I always forget you're closer to me than the others Leanna XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I always for some reason think you are further north lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Nah I'm like right on the pa border
Anna (blonde and sad): but also like. worst case u can also do them loans n it wont be too bad bc of how they get paid off and if you dont live on the campus the price drops amazingly
Jamie (Jamie): Oooh help finding scholarships would be really good thank much help appreciated
Jamie (Jamie): Also leanna what you are closer than i knew to me then :o
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Leanna's actually the most central member.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ye! I'm in flemington!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm the universal friend!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Used to live near bccc growing up. Still some really good farm markets near there. Newtown has a good vibe now, too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Everyone hang out with me! Lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~makes note to hang with Leanna more outside of events now that I know she closer lol~~
Jamie (Jamie): Only 40 minutes from me, we need to hang out more lol your in my easy travel range
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA definitely!
Jamie (Jamie): ~~come hang out in our forest us~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~Yes pls~~
Jamie (Jamie): Like in actuallity if you have free time this week im basically at the house alone and can provide entertainments and pupper and kit Kat pets
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): :oooooo I will have to see how my work days pan out but I'm totally down if I'm not like dead xD
Jamie (Jamie): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jess (whoozica): oo congrats on school! i hope the fasfa is nice to you 🙏
Jamie (Jamie): Thank!
Jamie (Jamie): Also fuck yes I feel like death now but i got the shelves i needed upstairs on my own 💪
Jamie (Jamie): 
Anna (blonde and sad): 1) STRONK
2) YOU GOT IKEA FURNITURE UPSTAIRS WITHOUT IT FALLING APART????? An Icon
Jamie (Jamie): Lmao xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): first world problem but there is an old man walking around my office being helped by a coworker with the squeakiest shoes in existence and it's driving me INSANE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SIR, PLEASE GET BETTER SHOES
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Squeaky boi
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they are so fucking loud
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): how is he not annoyed by them
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i sure am
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~he also smells like old man~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj2UwrDj9O0
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Leanna is Squidward right now I can assume XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im always squidward
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao same
Matt (mattmyers25): I have a job interview Thursday. If I get this, I will be salaried and start at 47000 a year
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): WOO GO YOU!
Anna (blonde and sad): <@!155492347122155520>  yo you too???? U GOT THIS MY DUDE
Erik (Red Riot Thot): > Customer: These assemblies were made incorrectly. You used a ring terminal for M3 screws instead of M4 *as specified in the drawing*
> Me: I'm so sorry, I'm not sure how this happened! 
> Me: *~investigates~*
> Me: Hey, turns out we did use the correct part *as specified in the drawing* but these rings are meant for #4 screws which are a different size than M4.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~dumbass~~
