Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I'm so sorry 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙃 I think I'm getting sick.... ~~fuck~~
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: hey yall
So I've been ruminating over this for a while, cause idk if i'll come off wrong or something, and I don't necessarily like talking about my own stuff but...
well some stuff has been sitting for a hot minute now and I just want to... talk about it as it pertains to this group? like an invitation to talk to you guys about stuff? idk what but like.... 
So
I'm a very straightforward person, and I know that I say and do things sometimes that people disagree with
Or can make people uncomfortable. 
But like 
I can't be better, especially online, if people don't tell me if theres a problem. Cause I can't read minds or anything 
So like... idk I've got the feeling theres something bugging some of yall in general, and I don't like that feeling, cause I'd rather be a friend and be better 
Than have something I do in chats or something bug you without talking about it. 
Cause 
I'm bummed. I spent like a little over a year with yall as my main group of people at cons and online 
And then I broke up with georgia and since have been kinda out of it with most of my online stuff, and really haven't been able to  see yall much in person either. 
So like 
Yeah. I don't want to lose friends or a friend group because of something I do that nobody tells me is bothering them.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: also like 
I know I've really kinda shut down on some people here to, I've been a mess, and I get a lot of social anxiety
I just 
Don't know how to interact in general right now and its been a long 6 or so months now 
And I'm sorry
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: anyways
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: yeah
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: talk to me? I know I can come off as if I don't care, or as flippant and lackadaisical
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: But I do, and if ya don't talk,  I can't improve.  I don't want to be problematic.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I've been called fake for it, or that I'm just trying to avoid responsibility and act like things aren't wrong
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: but its honest, I want to know when theres a problem, and I'll do my best to improve in there is one.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: anyways thanks for coming to my tedtalk
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: oh and theres one thing I do want to talk about specifically, but I've heard there have been rumors about me cheating on georgia, specifically with meg, as well as the idea that meg and I are trying sneakily hide a relationship.
And I need to comment on that, cause that does really mess with my head, especially cause trust is something important to me, and I have a lot of trouble trusting people. 
So, I want to clarify
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: 1. No, I did not cheat on Georgia, the reason for our break up had to do with a major problem that happened between me and her at ANext, and we've been working on our problems between us slowly since then.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: 2. Theres been no secret about my relationship status or anything like that, after my breakup with Georgia I have had a lot of trouble mental health wise, and have been really scared of being in a relationship 
So yes meg and I spent a while flirting around. It wasnt us trying to work around  your perception
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: 3. I've heard yall don't like some of the more uncouth out of context quotes from us. and ya know what, thats fair. 
I'm sorry if some of those made yall uncomfortable, I'll refrain in the future.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: anyways
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I've been stressed and people spook me so idk if what I'm saying is baseless or not,
But my doctor says I should try and talk about these things with people about things when I get stuck ruminating about them 
So like 
if any of yall wanna talk about anything or things that I've been doing thats problematic
please dm me or something 
I'm way out of it
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I think everything you said was good, and im glad you got it all out there 👌
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It takes a lot of courage to open up like that Hal. I really admire that. Good for you and Meg.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I agree. I'm here for you dude 💕
Jess (whoozica): Thanks for clearing the air Hal. I'm not sure what to say right now but I'm glad you came out and communicated how you're feeling.
Matt (mattmyers25): I agree with what everyone said above. Putting it all out there takes alot of courage
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I agree with everyone! It does take a lot to put it all out there and can be very anxiety enducing. The fact that you are able to pin point things and be open about it is super good!
ZombieHunter: So in like. 2014 perhaps? I went back to college. I decided I wanted to go back because my ex was this high up little lady who made college seem like... I was pathetic. I was, at the time, a college drop out. I went back and I succeeded. I took three classes a semester, I passed all my classes and learned to admit defeat if I was failing. I would withdraw form courses if it meant I wasn't going to impact my GPA. 

This is the end of my fourth year since I went back to college when this semester ends. Um. I think. I can't really remember because of how crazy it's been for me. 4 years later, my (no exaggeration) GPA was around .5 or something like that. I failed all but two classes when I started. My GPA is a 3.25 now. I'm 2 semesters from graduating and moving forward. I don't think I ever anticipated going back. Part of me didn't even anticipate surviving this long. I'm getting there. But I never thought I'd get this far. \
Anna (Cadmium): I am so very proud of you
ZombieHunter: ._.
Anna (Cadmium): Dont give us deer in headlights face. U deserve good things
Jess (whoozica): thats awesome!
ZombieHunter: i just can't believe i've gotten this far. Like I said, I was a college drop out. the best thing my crazy ex did was make me wanna go back to college. it's a lot.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): GOOD JOB HUNTER!!! 💕 🙌
ZombieHunter: OH and weird thing cuz my mom will do it and i know she'll do it.
ZombieHunter: it's likely she's gonna try to throw a big like. Hall reserved party and stuff
ZombieHunter: you guys are invited
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AWWW hunter im so proud of you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YOURE DOING AMAZING SWEETIE
Tom (tomukuncosplay): 👌 👌 👌
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Proud of you hunter!!!
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): That's amazing!! 🎉🎉
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Well my crafting was going okay until I went to move stuff and sliced two of my fingers open by accidentally grabbing a clay cutter :/
Anna (Cadmium): Shit can you tape em up?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yes. I had my dad put some stuff on them and bandage them up. 😩 but they hurt really badly now...
ZombieHunter: time to cut off your fingers
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jess (whoozica): time for my age old rant about facebook's contextual advertising

OK SO 
when i got married the amount of "baby" ads on my feed skyrocketed and now theyve gone up again cuz i turned 25 like shit facebook some people are married and dont wanna reproduce. ive changed my setting too, they just come back
Jess (whoozica): some women are 25 and dont wanna reproduce
Jess (whoozica): meanwhile toms ads didnt change at all when he switched his status to married 👀
Anna (Cadmium): bruh i keep fucking getting pregnancy test adds for conception like. 
fuck off facebook
Jess (whoozica): seriously!
Georgia (Something Sensible): i get amazon, video games, and underwear <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I get wish and crocs
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I get shittons of dorkly videos.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Which I guess means I should die.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ....ever since erik posted those horrendous glasses from zenni
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ive gotten NONSTOP ads for them
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and it makes me want to commit
Jess (whoozica): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its a curse that just wont leave me alone
Mark (Mad Doctor): I've been getting ads for a 50+ gay men's Caribbean cruise. Which sounds fun and all, but I don't think I'm the target audience
Jess (whoozica): NICE
Matt (mattmyers25): I have another job interview Friday. That makes 4 this week
Anna (Cadmium): yay!! Too many is better than not enough
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im fucking cursed
Jess (whoozica): u better buy em
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): absolutely not
Jess (whoozica): just only take selfies from one side at a time
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://offspring.lifehacker.com/feeling-sad-read-plush-animal-reviews-1831802882
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~oh no, i want the pig one~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~same~~
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i want to make another long furby~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (Cadmium): <@!334090409389195266> did you want the pink one or the red one again.
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.instagram.com/p/Br3S3IjnQpH/
Anna (Cadmium): me rn
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the red 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~that instagram is cursed. Lol~~
Anna (Cadmium): long furbies are very polarizing. more so than licorice
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I dunno about that, anytime licorice is brought up I'm told I'm wrong.
Anna (Cadmium): i mean you either love it or hate it
Jess (whoozica): im dun i need to go home naow
Anna (Cadmium): theres no 'its okay'
Jess (whoozica): i like licorice!
Anna (Cadmium): see i knew this was a good human
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): This is strange, I’m usually the weird one who like the black jelly beans.
Anna (Cadmium): see i just dont like jellybeans. ~~especially after eating vomit flavored mystery beans thanks casey~~
Anna (Cadmium): I washed this scarf five times and still theres fucking yellow wig hairs in it
