Anna (blonde and sad): When u get an email back about a job. But. 
They're asking for examples of your work and you don't have any bc it was all on the company network. 
F
Anna (blonde and sad): Time to weirdly email my ex boss asking if I could use any of the PDFs I did as example work and make this not awkward AF
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I came back to my car, dozed off for 20 mins and it's all locked up. Gear shift won't budge, key won't budge or come out, nothing... etf. I'm trapped at school now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): turn your steering wheel
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it should unlock
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nope no luck so far 😭
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That’s. Odd.
Jess (whoozica): what kind of car do you have?
Jess (whoozica): mine locks up sometimes i do something similar to the first one here:
https://www.wikihow.com/Fix-a-Locked-Steering-Wheel
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Chevy hhr. Its weird cause I can move the steering wheel and key some but gear shift won't move and can't get key out. Dad is even confused cause he came up to look at it. We had to manually lock it up and leave it here for now. Probs gonna have it towed 😭 it's like fully dead?? Idk.
Matt (mattmyers25): Is it possible the tumbles in your ignition are bad?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Maybe. My bro says the transmition could be bad
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😬  oh yikes, i hope not
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Knowing my luck probably
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Today is shit. I'm not getting a damn thing done because of this stupid car issue
Anna (blonde and sad): You can't get the key out right?
Anna (blonde and sad): Or is it that it won't start bc you can't turn the key
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Keys locked in And won't come out but moves back and forth just won't turn over. Gear shift won't move. Wheel will move though. It's like it's just dead. It won't even lock. We had to manually lock it.
Anna (blonde and sad): Weird about the last bit. You can't get the key out even if you turn the steering column every which way?  The drive shaft sometimes pinches it so it can't come out
Anna (blonde and sad): Your ignition switch thing might have broken like the spring might have snapped
Anna (blonde and sad): If you can in any way get the key out lmk
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yep my dad and I did everything we could think of. Nothing. It's stuck... so called triple A and they're gonna toe it to the shop .-.
Anna (blonde and sad): F
Anna (blonde and sad): Yeah if it's this bad it needs the shop. Might be a quick fix or they know a secret to getting it out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They won't be able to look at it till tomorrow but I do hope it's a quick fix so I can have it back for this weekend 😫
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Idk what I'll do it it's still in the shop by then
Anna (blonde and sad): Rip 
Unless the transmission is shot it's a one or two day fix usually
Anna (blonde and sad): I'm in the car shit itself group anyways 
I need a new radiator
Anna (blonde and sad): Turns out the whole seal on top gave in and that's why coolant has been spraying across my engine for 3 days (I keep filling it. Don't worry)
Anna (blonde and sad): Even if the transmission IS shot usually they have rebuilt ones they can drop in
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ....I...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The fucking battery died. WTF
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I thought that'd could be it but Nani?!
Anna (blonde and sad): Damn guess it was the end of it's life.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I apparently left the lights on... which killed it. But that's weird cause I'm good st making sure they're off 🤔
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I take it up to my brother and told him "you know me I'm a fuck up" he just nods and agrees xD
Anna (blonde and sad): honestly they might have gotten stuck halfway
Anna (blonde and sad): i just had to awkwardly email my old boss asking for my old paystubs or access to the email system because i cant get into the payroll system to get my old paystubs to file for unemployment without them and i think logging in on a diffferent computer locked me out of that email.
Anna (blonde and sad): so im having a great day
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol let's just run away a from our problems today together Anna. Sounds like we both need a vacay
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~can i hide in your suitcases?~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): A night in the Kalahari for 6 people is only ~~600 fucking dollars~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): With water park admission. Cheaper than staying off site and buying admission separate. Still a lot, tho
Matt (mattmyers25): Makes the Gaylord look cheap
Anna (blonde and sad): I booked my room ages ago but still per person it's relatively reasonable. Or maybe I'm just used to NYC prices lmfao
