ZombieHunter: screeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I mean if it gets worse I go back and they basically see me copay free. 
It's more like. Do I need a nebulizer and is this a sinus infection. But if it gets a little worse im going back bc I am a weak weak human
Anna (loud and likely blonde): O yikes well I'm glad your mom bypassed the doc
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Hunter why you pteradactyl mode
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I assumed it was in sympathy.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Idk could be other reasons for scree I am open to other sources of anger
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: So I get sick once a year about 
And every time I went to the local doctor (not my primary care cause I'm unlucky and they're usually out when it happens)
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I get a shrug and told I have a "strep/flu like virus"
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: And it's like welp ok
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just let my body do its thing and fight it off. I honestly don't think I've been to a doctor since I had to get my physicals for college... which was like, 2012?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Welcome to the US, where the idea of going to check out your disease or health problems is considered problematic cause it's expensive
Marisa (Mawisa): people in japan casually head to the hospital or doctor's when they cough once or feel a little queasy
i'll go when something starts rotting off maybe
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Not just people in Japan. People in most first world countries 
Cause ya know
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Most of them have universal health care
Marisa (Mawisa): freaky
Jess (whoozica): What a revolutionary concept
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Not the US tho 
We got better things to spend on 
Like a military budget that outspends at least the top 10 other military budgets combined
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Qnd a wall
Georgia (Something Sensible): Our spending on military research and development alone outspends britain and germanys combined entire military budget
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: 
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Peter g Peterson is a bit of a bias group, but it is also conservative leaning
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: it should be relatively reliable for this graph
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Well. Americans don’t casually go to the hospital. Insurance costs are hell for hospitals.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Yep
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Well. The washing machine took 1/2 my cell shading out of my pants. Fuckin a.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Guess I gotta repaint THAT too
ZombieHunter: Cosplayer A and Cosplayer B have a disagreement. Cosplayer A blocks B. B decides if they can'
ZombieHunter: Is this stalking?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: idk about stalking but its definitely disrespectful and wrong for cosplayer B to be doin that
ZombieHunter: harassment at a minimum
ZombieHunter: ?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: ye
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Immaturity and not knowing when to stop
ZombieHunter: you get no points leanna because YOU have context
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ..... valid
ZombieHunter: lmfao
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I mean I'm pretty sure I have some form of context if this is what I think it is
ZombieHunter: keep your face quiet
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I love my grandparents and visiting them but oof even though i tweeted I was unsure about my day off and being stuck at home I was starting to look forward to it and being able to do chores on my list... so much for that .-.
ZombieHunter: Mood
ZombieHunter: So much to do on days off
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was mostly looking forward to sleeping in. But would have also liked to use a good chunk of time to put away costumes and wash them ._.
Georgia (Something Sensible): My roomie has been in the bathroom for almost an hour
Georgia (Something Sensible): The water even stopped 20 mins ago wtf
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Sometimes you need time for self care
Marisa (Mawisa): they're dead
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Two types of peoole
Matt (mattmyers25): She could be reading a book or sleeping
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg she finally came out, 58 mins
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah she’s been havin a tough time lately but when you share a bathroom with 4 other girls, it hard to take time for existential crises
Georgia (Something Sensible): Tho she’s laughing and talking to another roomie now?? Idk?? Just glad I get to pee lmao
Matt (mattmyers25): ~~Any longer in there and you should of yeet the door in~~
