Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is anyone else like super dead tired? XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m falling asleep
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like right now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Same
Georgia (Something Sensible): But I also slept 3-9 so I know that’s why
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I've been laying in bed since I got home lmao
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm working on cosplay, but yes, very tired
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Same. I got home ate and kept falling asleep on the sofa D: ~~maybe me going to be early means I'll get up earlier~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like it’s too late to nap, too early to sleep
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Right??
Georgia (Something Sensible): I am dead
Georgia (Something Sensible): Maybe a 20 min power nap wouldn’t hurt...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma just go to bed since gotta be up early for work lol. I'd love to watch some anime but oof I can't stay awake D:
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *- takes "20 minute" power nap -
- wakes up at midnight -*
"Fuck"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): > Sincerely: Everyone who has to commute in the morning after vacation
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i managed to wake up again by looking at scary stuff on reddit_
ZombieHunter: This is why I napped at 11-2
ZombieHunter: XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Last day I ever have to work with that brown nosing  bitch at work! Transferring up to the Harrisburg area tomorrow!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm so happy
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Half my stressors are from work right now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why do I feel more hungover today than I did yesterday... 🙃
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): i do not want to be at work rn
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): GIMME AN M
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): GIMME AN O
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): GIMME ANOTHER
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): GIMME A D
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): What’s that spell?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): MOANOTHERD!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *FUCK WORK*
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Lol I slept from 1pm yestarday until just now
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The first half of today is going to be figuring out what I was doing last week
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Which was basically figuring out what I was doing the week before...
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): feel that deeeeeeeeep in my soul
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): my day appears to be 'would you like some plans with your redlines?' cause i think theres more markups than ink on this plan
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm paroosing my email from the last two weeks. It's like playing russian roulette really.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I only had two emails in my inbox this morning, neither of which were relevant to me
Jess (whoozica): I had 3: 2 were "pay me bitcoin or i hack u" and one was promotional
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I had a couple related to an issue that cropped up shortly before I left.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I logged in on like, the 26th for a few hours and fixed a bug for the india team, apparently that was all that needed to be done so the issue was resolved while I was out.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Bless.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Considering it's their problem to begin with.
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh bossman comes over and is like why is this drawing so dark and huge?
Turns out the other engineer printed it on 24 x 36 paper and its supposed to be 11x17
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof that sounds bad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I feel awful today and feel I could to pass out. And on top of that feeling I'm doing a ton of heavy lifting of shelves and moving Christmas out to put spring in.
Matt (mattmyers25): You need caffeine
Mark (Mad Doctor): You need another vacation
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao no caffeine would make me feel worse. I need tylenol and to lay down.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ I'll take what mark mentioned though too lol
