Matt (mattmyers25): Its 8am on Monday. I dont want to be at work,but I do want to have my interview
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That's good! Keep that in mind and hopefully that will get you through the day
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So I love my mom but honest to god sometimes she can be so embarrassing XD 
She apparently at some point was asking David and Schwalbe if they have any brothers or friends they could hook me up with because they're such good and nice guys to their girlfriends (Heather and Annette). LMAO. Mom wtffff....
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH NOOOOOOOOO
Jess (whoozica): Billy's mom asks me that every time i see her
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ,... still?
Jess (whoozica): ye
Rebecca (madameterralupus): She like straight up was like oh David do you have a brother? And then like asked Schwalbe if he knows any good guys at his department. Mooommm wtfff D: Like thank you?? But ommmggg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was screaming inside when they told me this. I was like oh dear god I am so sorry guys for my embarrassing fucking mother... RIP
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Kill me plz
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Big mood Erik. My to do list after the con is a million miles long too ~and it's all shit for at home~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I just spent three hours opening manholes and measuring inverts of septic tank, grease trap, and sanitary system leaching galleys
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *what a great after con monday*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): smells like you're having a shitty day
Anna (loud and likely blonde): somehow the grease trap smelled worse than the septic tank
Anna (loud and likely blonde): a 10'%%c septic tank
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ....diameter. I mean a 10' diameter septic tank. thats the hotkey thing for it in cad rip
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh yeah grease traps are awful
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it was 10' dia too and i had to shove tape measures down it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): why didnt i do structural
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that smells like concrete
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Grease traps smell so bad I've never smelled anything worse tbh
Erik (Red Riot Thot): we had one in the bakery I worked on and any time I had to help clean it out I nearly vomited every time
Anna (loud and likely blonde): same thats what i just keep thinking of. and like. i thought they were bad when they were like a 2x2x3 box but this is a freaking ten foot diameter grease trap that smells like saponified roadkill and like im wearing a mask and putting peppermint oil in it next time
Matt (mattmyers25): I just finish my interview with the defense contractor
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): howd it go
Matt (mattmyers25): Really good. They liked a question I asked and nodded their heads at answers I gave. They also said that is a good answer
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good job matt! i hope you get the job! I'm so glad it went really well
