Anna (Cadmium): no one let me buy more makeup
Anna (Cadmium): like for the next three years
Anna (Cadmium): cause uh
Anna (Cadmium): You want some fucking lipstick
Anna (Cadmium): HOW DID IT GET THIS BAD
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i can't find my facepaimt~~
Jess (whoozica): Omg I hate when people start asking asking me where stuff is in the server as soon as I come in like ??? I don't have it memorized
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Y'all ever sign up for a class but don't recall signing up for it?? 🤔
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yep that happened a lot in college
Georgia (Something Sensible): And thus, the heat in my suite has broken AGAIN
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I started school last week, and a few days before that I checked my online schedule again to reference it with bus schedules and my two night classes were gone
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): So on the first day of school I go to the advisor and reschedule a math class, since it's so late I can't get into an English class anymore
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): And then
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): On Wednesday, *four hours before my first night class was supposed to start* I get a call from the school and they're like oh yeah your night classes got cancelled
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Like thanks
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I hadn't noticed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes. Nice of the to let ya know but like... couldn't have said anything sooner?
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I literally said that to the woman, in the nicest way possible, and she was all like yeah this was just a slip up
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): And I'm just like yeah whatever, I got it figured out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Gotta love college 🙃
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): registrar's are incompetent. all of them.
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Mhmmm
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Let's hope the music class I have this semester is better and easier than the one from last semester lol
Marisa (Mawisa): The warm up on the first day you step into class is to perform the entirety of Moonlight Sonata on an instrument of your choosing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *break out the kazoos*
Marisa (Mawisa): From memory
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmfao... 1. No clue what that is by sound familiar? 2. I can't sing or play and instrument so I'm fucked 😂

Thankfully I've had friends take this and say it's easy. We just analyze love songs? 🤔
Marisa (Mawisa): It’s a famous Beethoven piece
Marisa (Mawisa): Get real intense and ridiculous with your analyses
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahhh okay. And xD just be that "person". Tear all the songs apart and shit lol
Marisa (Mawisa): You strike me as someone who would be good on the subcontrabass saxophone
Anna (Cadmium): what about the double contrabass flute
Marisa (Mawisa): Oo that’s good too
Anna (Cadmium): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): > plays one of those
> dies cause body is like nope with lungs and shit 😱
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Play a vegetable instead
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.cmuse.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Vegetable-Orchestra.jpg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwOXFOTagSE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma play the "mayonnaise" 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~why can't I do gifs on phone. Fuck~~
Anna (Cadmium): no patrick
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kndIWMv48Z8
Anna (Cadmium): ~~how tf did i lose my calculator charger in my cubical~~
Anna (Cadmium): HA THE CHICK WHO HIT ME'S INSURANCE CALLED THEYRE PREPARED TO TAKE 100% RESPONSIBILITY
Matt (mattmyers25): Justice is served
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nice!!!
Anna (Cadmium): ABORT ABORT ONE OF MY COLLEGE FRIENDS FOUND MY COSPLAY TWITTER. ITS ONE OF THE FRAT GUYS
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The things I do for extra money and to help my coworkers out... it's my day off and I'm going into work 😩
Mark (Mad Doctor): For some reason, the jockiest kids at my school view (but don't follow) my insta. I see them pop up in my stories. Some are cool and I think are genuinely interested in my odd hobbies. As for the others, I have no clue what their interest is. If they're looking to make fun of a nerdy teacher...well, snarking on social media about what other people are doing for fun seems pretty sad.
