Anna (loud and likely blonde): *christ i hate this job*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *Actually i hate the DOB*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *or is it the DEP*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ANYWAYS they apparently updated their shit last week and now all the time i spent splititng this calc into floors was unnecessary
Anna (loud and likely blonde): SO I WASTED FOUR HOURS BC FUCK THIS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Welp that company I had the phone screen for are not going forward with me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *we have decided to move forward with candidates that more closely fit our needs at this time*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The position was for 0-2 years of experience so I'm just going to tell myself I was overqualified
Georgia (Something Sensible): TOO GOOD FOR THEM
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You are capable of inferring meaning from an email, so. You ARE overqualified.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): honestly bullet probably dodged
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Indeed: Your resume matches this job!
Job Listing: Master's Degree required
😑
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *god* mood.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~don't you have a Master's?~~
Jess (whoozica): Indeed: Your resume matches this job
Job Listing: Bachelors Degree required
Me: How about 2 certifications, and associates and 5 years real world experience?
Job: No
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mood
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~kicks master's under the table~~

What?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I do, but I've been in the same spot of being told to apply for a job I have no qualification for.
Jess (whoozica): oo speaking of, i got my diploma 5 years ago today
Anna (loud and likely blonde): when it says ur resume matches the job but wants 4-6 years of experience and "PE preferred"
*why do you ask for a bachelors then*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ooh Zippo is hiring... 
> 5 years product development experience required
Me: applies anyway with 0 years product development experience
Erik (Red Riot Thot): OH MOOD ANNA
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *like PE IS A LITTLE HARDER TO GET SIR*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o apply for zippo. technically if u count props u been doing development
Erik (Red Riot Thot): You can't.... even have a PE... with only 4 years expeience...
Jess (whoozica): ok stupid question time
Jess (whoozica): whats a PE?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Professional Engineering license its the thing that for civ you can stamp plans
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its like super hardcore for civil
Jess (whoozica): ooo ok
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah u got a lot of responsibilities. also you have to have a PE for some stuff
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah it's pretty important for Civs. Not so much Mechies
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I had no desire to go for it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Neither of my bosses are PEs either so even if I *did* have my EIT, all of my work experience wouldn't count
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~what~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): then again how the FUCK does my boss have FIVE
Jess (whoozica): im pretty sure i have the highest level of education in this building.... at least job relevant education
Erik (Red Riot Thot): like 5 different licenses or just for 5 different states?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 5 different states but like still the civil engineering PE license
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *A professional engineer must meet the engineering licensure requirements in each state in which the professional engineer seeks to practice. Practically all states, however, provide for licensure by comity if a professional engineer is already licensed in another state, with requirements at least equal to the those in the state in which licensure is being sought. As a general rule, a professional engineer who has (1) an approved four-year engineering degree, (2) four years of qualifying engineering experience, and who successfully completes (3) the eight-hour Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) Examination and (4) the eight-hour Principles and Practice of Engineering (PE) Examination will be able to get licensed in virtually every state without difficulty.*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im intimidated by that prereq list now
Erik (Red Riot Thot): that's why I said yikes, hard apss
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the one u wont get is alaska and hawaii basically
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but also you dont want to because you ethically dont want to get PE's in states you dont know design for
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And Hawaii you prob need to make things lava proof and shit.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): eh mostly seismic
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lava u just fucked for no matter what
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~also fuck this fabric site i need to order 15 yards minimum im going to the garment district fuck this~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I FUCKED UP THIS CALC AND THE ONE ENGINEER WHO KNOWS WTF IS GOING ON ISNT HERE
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I went to check if my loan payment went through yet and.... I'm actually crying
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/congrats-leonardo-dicaprio-fireworks-the-great-gatsby-old-sport-gif-4884466
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good job erik!!!!!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): dab react to bless the photo in hopes that we too may pay off our loans
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://giphy.com/gifs/congratulations-congrats-3o6fIUZTTDl0IDjbZS
Mark (Mad Doctor): Congrats! I think I didn't pay off my loans until I was in my 30s. You done good
