Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have never been so unexcited for a con in my life...
Matt (lastbetatestercosplay): Whys that?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like... I just don't care about Ota
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww 😦
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Im sorry girl
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have no motivation to even cosplay at Otakon but I'm doing it anyway
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I didn't even want to go, but I wanted something to fill the void
Evie (Katheryne Knight): and at this point I'm only going because I'm a driver in the group I'm going with.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn i sorry girl 😦
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's okay. I'm just really becoming burnt out right now with cosplay
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I dont feel confident in it anymore, and I don't have motivation to do it.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I hope things look up for ya. Im sure youll have fun when there. Look on the bright side of things. Dont push yourself too hard either.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Its half the reason I'm trying to see if I can skip CCe and go to NYC to to see Beetlejuice The Musical.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also i'm just... obsessed with that musical now...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do what makes you happy 😃
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Dont push yourself to do things you dont wanna do
Evie (Katheryne Knight): God seeing the original cast would make me happy but I'd need to figure something out because I don't want to go with just Crhis and I want to make it a full blown trip with my fam too.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They have shows that weekend of CCE, and I already took the days off.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do a weekend trip to NYC and see it instead of CCE. That sounds like a lot of fun
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm tempted but also like... friends are going to CCE and I already have a room...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's such a hard decision... fak
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause I'm def more excited for CCE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): but also...seeing the original cast
Matt (lastbetatestercosplay): Are the tickets still relatively cheap for the musical? Reason I am asking is because once the Tony's come around tickets will go up
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They aren't bad. Like it's about 143 for Chris and I total
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cheapest tickets are 59.99
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Tony's already happened ~~AND BEETLEJUICE AND THE PROM GOT ROBBED SO BADLY~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Cosplay to the show.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ...*is planning a Lydia cosplay*

Don't tempt me
Mark (Mad Doctor): Couples cosplay for you and Chris
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OH SHIT OMG YAAAS ADAM AND BARBARA
Mark (Mad Doctor): From Katsu two years ago
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That's badass omg
