Anna (loud and likely blonde): U know :)))) what would be great :)))))) 
If a company out there made red circle lenses for astigmatism. 
Im not even asking for like fun designs i literally cant see i just want vision
Jess (whoozica): Mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like i'll bite the bullet for $45 lenses but pls
Matt (mattmyers25): I love cooking into work and having my desk reorganized without me knowing and being given a to do list
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof my hair is getting to be over two feet long, so my morning routine is starting to take longer and longer
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My hair, too, is getting long. I'm using up my shampoo faster
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Snip snip time
Jess (whoozica): i got a hair cut over the weekend, didnt take much length off but its more manageable
Georgia (Something Sensible): My hair keeps touching my elbows and I’m like WHOS TOUCHIN ME
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): all i can think of is entraptas hand hair
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://em.wattpad.com/8bc535b26f34560edba1a8cd5e8c8b684a639ca9/68747470733a2f2f73332e616d617a6f6e6177732e636f6d2f776174747061642d6d656469612d736572766963652f53746f7279496d6167652f65343156774a58383348544671673d3d2d3637303535313932312e313537643463303330666565396166363137383237373339303634302e676966?s=fit&w=720&h=720
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~fuck it im going blonde~~
ZombieHunter: I’m on the backlog of posts and I’m pretty pissed now cuz I know snow has been getting good things on her being in a wheelchair post but this one isn’t and I’m high key pissed off
Anna (loud and likely blonde): are people being assholes do i have to stab people
ZombieHunter: Like how about cosplaying while disabled positivity
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh Snaileditcosplay? Yeee it's pretty shitty. Like why do we gotta hate on others so much. So she needs aid, she still does a beautiful costume. Nothing about needing aid ruins a costume. People are just huge assholes. 🙄
ZombieHunter: I’m comparing snailedit vs snow on their comments
ZombieHunter: Thank you Rebecca
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ah i see
ZombieHunter: No
Anna (loud and likely blonde): one of my coworkers just resigned and no idea why it seemed really sudden
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and
Anna (loud and likely blonde): she was the one who helped me with all my RPZ's and
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im afraid
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~she got a better opportunity damn i wish that was me~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~same~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *now im afraid idk who to ask about rpz's*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙃 I've decided I'm being single forever lol. Seems like no one ever has interest in me back. RIP
Georgia (Something Sensible): _rebecca no dont give up_
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mean you dont need a man to feel validated but _theyre kinda fun-ish_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao I already have... like a while ago xD
Mark (Mad Doctor): I didn't start dating Mrs. Mad Doctor until I was 27
Georgia (Something Sensible): my parents met when my mom was like 30-something
Georgia (Something Sensible): and now i am here
Georgia (Something Sensible): _never give up_
Georgia (Something Sensible): SEE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Valid. My dad didn't meet my mom till he was 36... but like oof. What am I doing wrong? Am I that *bad* that I can't even get a second date? XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean maybe I'm just over thinking things atm but oof
Georgia (Something Sensible): the only solution
Georgia (Something Sensible): rebecca we must go on a date
Georgia (Something Sensible): :V
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mean honestly its hard nowadays to meet someone who wants genuine companionship
Georgia (Something Sensible): theres a lot of hook up culture to dating
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao. All of BNE is my SO. XD
And honestly yea... so many people just want to be fwb or do/into things I'm not (like weed, etc) 😫
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye its true
Georgia (Something Sensible): idk how people do it
Georgia (Something Sensible): do you meet enough new people at cons? that must always be helpful
Georgia (Something Sensible): at least at cons you already know theres things in common
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I did find one decent dude kinda through cons but idk if I'd date him.. works a lot, and seems to be too hard to meet up with outside of cons sooo *nope*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean this one dude I had kinda interest in I just saw is going to Zenkai so maybe I'll chat to him there and read his vibe. Maybe just left me on read cause unsure what to say after my last message? 🤷🏻‍♀️ ~~I should stop try to justify it but eh~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEAH GURL CHAT HIM UP
Georgia (Something Sensible): _wiggle at him_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAOp
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Dear god xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like everyone I showed his last response to said it was kinda hard to read his vibe sooo..?
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~you can DM me and i can offer opinions, im good at offering those~~
Jess (whoozica): awww dont give up hun! ❤
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I may do that when I get off work Georgia if ya don't mind :O. Breaks ending soon so can't now lol~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And thank Jess 💕
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've already decided I'm a be the crazy single cat lady/wine aunt (even though don't like wine) LOL
Jess (whoozica): ~~you can DM me too but i have no idea how to aquire boyfriend~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ya just somehow acquired a Tom one day? XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): found him at walmart
Georgia (Something Sensible): just grabbed him off the shelf, called it a day
Jess (whoozica): nah but that was in high school and dating after high school is v. different
Georgia (Something Sensible): tru
Georgia (Something Sensible): O YA REBECCA NO ONE IN YOUR CLASSES?
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats how i snagged noah~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao Georgia xD and lol nahhh... everyone in my classes is not my type. Typical college F bois
Georgia (Something Sensible): classes are promising cause you can be like _do you need ~~lovings~~ homework help__
Georgia (Something Sensible): ***goddammit frat bois***
Jess (whoozica): or in my case "hellp i need homework help"
Georgia (Something Sensible): do you do any clubs rebecca?
Georgia (Something Sensible): hue thats what i did
Anna (loud and likely blonde): No don't date frat boys
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 2/10 do not recommend
Anna (loud and likely blonde): THEYll be the one needing homework help
Georgia (Something Sensible): anna howd you find ya boi
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Same major most of our schedule was the same. Turns out i ran into him a year earlier and gave him the answer key to one of our textbooks
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Fell asleep on him while we were cramming for midterm number like 5
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have no idea how to wrangle a boy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Anyways don't date frat boys unless it's a professional fraternity
Georgia (Something Sensible): even then, at least the rutgers professional fraternities are a little sketch
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Considering I pounded beers with theta tau I'm with u on that
Jess (whoozica): ~~I stalked the anime club!~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): some of the business frats have high incidences of rape at rutgers... ouch
Jess (whoozica): 😭
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Honestly that's most college campus's.

West Chester had a sexual assult almost every week. Mainly in a dorm/frathouse/apartment between two people who knew each other. 

Granted we had a flasher on campus, but like... he came and went.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also sorry but I have to slightly rant.

I checked my credit score, and I'm doing everything right but aparently I'm getting dinged for not spending enough?????
Erik (Red Riot Thot): We had a campus-wide Greek suspension one year because of sketchy hazing rituals
