Anna (Blonde Banshee): I'm missing the one part of my sewing machine that lets me attach special feet to it
Anna (Blonde Banshee): None. Of. Them. Work.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I'm trying to add a zipper. TT^TT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So my coworker was using stain for a floral project last night, didn't put the damn lid back on correctly, and it split like entirely all over our stock room floor... Thankfully me and the other coworker who dropped it got it al cleaned up but oof what a fucking mess -.- Also I now have stains on my wrist and hands from cleaning it up... rip. 
Just frustrated cause good god this girl doesn't know how to put things away properly half the time...Always causing more messes...
Anna (Blonde Banshee): oh my god
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like... what. I mean I guess some people don't know how to close a stain can but... what...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My boss probs came in today like wtf is this giant stain on the floor..?? >.<
Anna (Blonde Banshee): like of all things to not close
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Right? Paint.. okay easy. STAIN. Holy shit. It was such a mess. It took 2 of us to properly clean it up. Like I think she just sat the lid back on top... like no no...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It literally only took me a second to close it properly ~~like wow so hard...~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So we have this one customer that comes in who is the biggest shovenistic (spelling???) Pig I've ever met in my life.

He always says the most lewdest, grosses shit to us. Like he went to my one co-worker telling her "I'm not gonna spank you. Not today. I won't tell your boyfriend"

And my co-worker gave him a look and literally said, "What have we told you about speaking to us like that"

He just laughs it off

He's literally been told if he keeps this shit up we are closing his accounts. 

He also kept saying how hes gonna take us out to McDonald's for lunch (charming I know) I told him "he'd have to invite my boyfriend along. He loves McDonalds"

He said "Ah okay I see what you're getting at. I'll hold my tongue."

He's just fucking gross.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He thinks because he served this country, he can get away with saying this shit
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He might have been able.to.say that shit in the 50s. Not today buddy
Anna (Blonde Banshee): so imma give u a medal for not stabbing him
Anna (Blonde Banshee): is chauvinist btw
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh I was fucking close to throwing hands
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Umm... what the fuck??
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Gross.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): just cause u say spelling lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ugh i hate men like that
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i hope you close his accounts bc of harassment
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like the spanking comment is very disturbing. If a person said that to me I'd flip shit. That's so inappropriate
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I have so much trouble comprehending how anyone can act like another human being isn't... human, like that.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We've had some weird comments from older men at my job but nothing that bad. Like holy shit... that's insanely gross
Jess (whoozica): thats like my cowoker with the "Ill take you home, we dont have to tell your husband" shit
Jess (whoozica): like NO THATS DISGUSTING
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My manager literally went off on him the one day "You serve our country and this is how you treat women? Show some damn respect or I'll close your accounts."
Jess (whoozica): and its always "i wont tell your boyfriend/husband" like bitch he has NOTHING to do with this I wouldn't touch you with a ten foot pole
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My manager can be old school but he's DRINKING that respect women juice
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn, bless your manager. A good response
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah we look out for each other here
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's good 👌
Jess (whoozica): yea thats really good, are you ever alone there?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Not at this branch. 
Id he alone on the teller line at the hell branch I was at before
