Rebecca (madameterralupus): >Goes to log into bank account to check balance
> Says i've been suspended
> Get email saying I attempted to login too many times so im locked out

Wtf...? I logged in once and it locked me out... I...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What bank do you use?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pnc
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma have to call alter I guess ._.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Fak 
Do you have the mobile app or is that what you were using
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee that's what I was using T_T
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): One of the banks I have an account with has an ancient system that locks out immediately.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Oh God someone hit a deer and it's still alive and bleeding on the road
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oh fsux.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm angry and sad cause the person blatantly drove off like no you need to call the cops and they need to send someone to put it out of it's miseey
Rebecca (madameterralupus): D: poor deer T_T
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Okay OWW. Now I know why in Naruto they cut their thumb to draw blood for summoning jutsu.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I cut my thumb by accident and it was gushing.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Here's to hoping my professor will let me take the sci exam early tomorrow or thurs so I dont have to miss it on fri...
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Oof. Hopefully that's rough
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like oof. He couldn't have let us know sooner? D:
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Anyone's Instagram showing stories you've already seen?
Marisa (Mawisa): that happens a lot
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Motherfucker how do people get surveys and MISS IMPORTANT THINGS ON THEM
Rebecca (madameterralupus): T_T The liquid stitch came undone on some places when I washed them... Fuckkkk.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I didn't even dry them as to not risk it warming and melting. And I washed them on hand wash cold... it said it was washable... wtfff
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😭 fucking has to be academic or sport related to be excused.. kdsnflsdjflkj FUCK
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~imma kermit~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I cant seem to catch a break... Like I'd just go to the class and then come to the con BUT.. it's in the middle of the fucking day
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oof
Georgia (Something Sensible): Say family emergency
Georgia (Something Sensible): “My aunt Pyrrha died sir”
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~my friend works at a funeral home do you want me to ask if she got anythin that would get you out of this test~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Cosplay is both an academic pursuit and a sport. Are you going to argue with me? *I'm a fuckin' Ivy League Ph.D, mofo!*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah honestly its a sport. And we're winning at it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but srs one of my sisters is a funeral director
Mark (Mad Doctor): It involves sweat and suffering. QED
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and way more muscle strength than anticipated
Mark (Mad Doctor): Endurance
Mark (Mad Doctor): Agility
Mark (Mad Doctor): Performance
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Crying
Offering your soul in exchange for skills
Sewing
Performance (in both presence and contests)
Learning how to use foam
Agility
Yearning for sleep
Mark (Mad Doctor): And injuries of many flavors
Mark (Mad Doctor): I just paid a consultant $500K to get Audrey into Georgetown on a cosplay scholarship
Mark (Mad Doctor): So our freshman class had a town hall meeting yesterday (no faculty present) which quickly turned into a shitstorm. The topic was "are all voices equally heard at school." It quickly turned into a shouting match, with conservative students (who claimed they were a persecuted minority) shouting anti-LGBTQ and anti-feminist slogans and drowning out anyone who spoke against them with chants. I had to spend my freshman classes today teaching about how to have a civil discussion.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~lmao I'll have mark write an excused absent for me xD and confuse my professor xD~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Special Secret Academic Mission
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Georgia (Something Sensible): CONSULTANT
Georgia (Something Sensible): Leave it to mark to make a fresh current events meme
Georgia (Something Sensible): Some person spent 6 million if you read the story
Georgia (Something Sensible): How stupid you gotta be to spend 6 million to just get IN to college
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Not kidding we used to look at the rich kids at my school who would have like. Bugattis. And  we would joke "aw they were so dumb mommy and daddy couldn't buy their way into a better school" 
Cause stony is both cheap relatively and a state school
