Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: Hooray got a half hour emotional lecture from my mom about basically am I excited for this job and that I should find something in a career that makes me happy not just take what's there 
She can't get that im okay in a job I'm 'meh' about and that I'm not excited because I rarely get exited for anything anymore? Like I didn't think I'd make it to 22 nevermind go down a career path that's fulfilling. My school killed any motivation I had and asking if I think I made the right career choice isn't. Really something I can think abour right now. 
Like Ill never get a PE, If I go back to school I guess it would be for law, and like I don't want to think about if I wasted four years of my life or not.
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: Like... Not . Everyone gets to love their job or career.
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: I get she's concerned because she loves and cares about me but also like. I'm okay with anything more than 'not hating it'
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: I don't know if I would survive law school though... Although it seems like just as much work as STEM undergrad was so idk it might be fine?? But at 27K in debt I can't really afford to think of that right now.
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: I found a FUCKIN DEAD MOUSE IN MY FREEZER. ITS IN A ZIPPY BAG AND TINFOIL. 
WHAT THE FUCK
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: I just wanted fish sticks
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Last time it was a tooth in my car and I was looking for some change for the parking meter 
Why does this happen to me
Matt (mattmyers25): Interview time. Wish me luck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good luck!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Much luck!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yo Anna wtf? That's so gross D:
And good luck Matt!!
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yooo me too dude
Georgia (Something Sensible): I have an interview, not a dead mouse lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): If all goes well I’ll be making software for autonomous vehicles /dab
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Why is the body wash I use literally only sold at Walmart or on Amazon? It's Gillette so it's not like it's done obscure brand 😑
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Sorry, dumb thing to rant about, but I just drove to Target for no reason now
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: *I have no idea and honestly i kinda don't wanna know why a mouse. We don't have snakes we have cats*
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Good luck on y'all's interviews!!
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: And nah that's weird why wouldn't Target carry gillete.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Target doesnt carry a lot of things I think they should... which sucks cause I prefer going to them over Walmart
