Anna (loud and likely blonde): Tonight has been. A SHITSHOW
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Fucking hell
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Greg didn't tell us his gf was 20 and we all picked a bar that ended up snapping her fake in half so we spent an hour tryna cool him down even tho he's an idiot. We waited 40 minutes for them all to show up cause we couldn't sit till we had half the party so instead we had to leave and went to. Three places before we could find damn place that can fit ten people
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And I am surrounded by super privelaged and unaware long Islanders and I want to S C R E A M
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I didn't even wanna be here I just want to be in my bed at home
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof. That sounds like an annoying time...
Matt (mattmyers25): Then leave? If you are going to be around grown children, they should pay you
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee. If ya not having a good time, I'd go home. Save yourself the stress
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ... I'm the DD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mega oof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am so sorry :\
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am. 
Owed for this.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I would deff say so
Matt (mattmyers25): Yes you are
Matt (mattmyers25): You can always introduce them to the world of uber
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol this is true XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I dead asked them hey how can my friends from multiple states manage to meet up in one place but y'all who live in the same town and have known each other for 10 years can't meet in a bar that you frequent at the right time
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Dammnnn
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I can't. It's. My boyfriend and some of his friends I'm driving
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sometimes you want to strangle friends.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes, really in a sticky situations :\
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol a big ass mood Bill
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I literally am not dressed for Chili's rip I'm wearing like grunge and my present mic jacket bc it was on top of the pile
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Mood
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Good on you for DDing.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I havent wanted to do that with any of ya'll though. Ya'll good hehe~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Im making boy buy my burger
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Lol you haven't gotten to that point yet
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Good. Get treated for this bs ya gotta put up with
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Friendship loops around n then u wanna strangle ur friends
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I'm glad you pointed that out cause I definitely have wanted to strangle people here at various points~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *The fact that I keep coming back shows I care that much more...!*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bc they ask advice n don't listen and then are like. So I made it worse. 
And then u wanna strangle 
Or u wanna strangle them bc they reply all on a tweet and call your thirst follow out
Anna (loud and likely blonde): While @'ing the original person
Anna (loud and likely blonde): If I wanna strangle y'all it means I love you that much
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ❤️
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof. Yeeaaaa. I had that with pasts friends. And just ugh. It's so annoying.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like, god get yo shit together. Stop being dummmbbb
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Nah in a good way tho
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): AAAHAHAAAAA asking for advice and then not listening.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): mood.
Matt (mattmyers25): That moment when your online friends are better than your friends you have known for 10 years
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~okay I lied. I feel like I may have wanted to strangle matt at some point. I forgot he was in her for a second LOL. Soory Matttt :p~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): best friends want to strangle each other occasionally and that's life
Matt (mattmyers25): How did you forget I'm here?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Fully agreed lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Now he gonna strangle u
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol cause I am dumb and tired
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RIP me
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I so tired
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~i am sure hes wanted to do the same tho. Lol. Only fair XD~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I started to fall asleep on the sofa earlier which is rare sooo i know I am tired lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U crashing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But u ain't no wave
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Today was the earliest I've been up all week soo XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also thank u friens for cheering me up cause I am so very tired but now I don't wanna murder ppl
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Rip oh you opened right
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ❤ Plz don't murder people. That'd be very bad. You'd end up in bad places. We don't want to see that happen to you lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah idk anyone who would have enough to pay bail mag just applied for green card renewal so she broke lmfao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Plus it messy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Not worth
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol indeed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): IT WAS THE IDES OF MARCH AND I DIDNT MAKE A STABBING CAESAR JOKE!?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): HOw
Marisa (Mawisa): ur too late he's dead anna i'm sorry
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): BLEH, big yikes. Random text for my ex I haven't spoken to in months saying hey at midnight 😬
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Big yikes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Have ya boy go kick his ass if need be. I know he'll do it lol~~
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Yeah he would, for free
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Like I feel like I don't hate my ex as much as I should. In retrospect he did a lot of shitty things to me that I really shouldn't have allowed, but I was too spineless at the time to protest
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm I feel that
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I feel like leaving him on read is an appropriate way to say "I don't like you please don't talk to me." Without outright saying it.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee
Georgia (Something Sensible): you gotta mari kondo exes
Georgia (Something Sensible): she says you gotta thank an item for the time it sparked joy, but now it no longer sparks joy, so YEET BEGONE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmaoo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@229713389511901185> WHOMST IS THIS GUY
Georgia (Something Sensible): LOL WUT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *sir you are being that guy*
Marisa (Mawisa): why is he so wrong
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Evie and I were having a NICE WHOLESOME TWITTER CONVO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): WHY
Marisa (Mawisa): Marriage is ok at 16 with both parents permission under certain circumstances but that’s an old law. Age of consent is otherwise 20 because literally anything under 20 is a minor. If age of consent is 13 then why are so many female teachers getting arrested for sleeping with students
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Marisa can I use your response
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Pls
Marisa (Mawisa): N O
Lolita is so big in anime because it’s taboo irl and anime lets people live out their sick fantasies
Anna (loud and likely blonde): PLS CAN I REPLY WITH UR RESPONSW
Marisa (Mawisa): Ye pls
Marisa (Mawisa): Educate
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ye
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Sent both. I'm just not replying after that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have shit to hem and crime shows to watch
Marisa (Mawisa): Dang I was gonna settle down and watch the drama unfold but yeah he isn’t worth your time
Anna (loud and likely blonde): This is as bad as the time on FB I had to explain why my now only acquaintance Scott why ppl were calling him an insensitive and wrong idiot for saying the singer from blink was weak for committing suicide (the tldr)
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I love me some drama but like
Anna (loud and likely blonde): IDGAF dude
Anna (loud and likely blonde): He was. An insensitive and wrong idiot. But that's obvious
Anna (loud and likely blonde): MARISA HES REPLYING WITH DUMB SHIT
Marisa (Mawisa): “Obviously lol”
And then he asks if you’re talking about YAH
Marisa (Mawisa): IM@DYING
Marisa (Mawisa): oh he said unfortunately EW THATS EORSE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Marisa (Mawisa): wow a single google search. So academic.
Marisa (Mawisa): Same exact site
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *sigh* this is a lot to unpack on the twitter . Com
Marisa (Mawisa): Just because the country has a law doesn’t mean each prefecture doesn’t have stricter laws
Anna (loud and likely blonde): One more response
I give up
Marisa (Mawisa): It’s illegal to shower naked in some states in the US and in Arizona you can’t have a missing tooth visible when you smile
Marisa (Mawisa): Or at least in one city for the shower thing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): which one can't u throw pickles at cabooses in
Marisa (Mawisa): A very sad state
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's fine we can throw corn dogs instead
Mark (Mad Doctor): Better not be PA.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): They have a more satisfying crack noise anyways
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Did we summon mark via mention of pickles
Marisa (Mawisa): I liked your post but unliked it because most of my followers are Japanese natives
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I assume they know their laws then 
Dw I am not offended
Marisa (Mawisa): Don’t want them thinking I’m a perv if all they can read is “age of consent” in that image
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I treat Twitter like yikyak
Marisa (Mawisa): Like a lot of grade schoolers (middle/high) would go to cosplay events but if the event was after 6pm they weren’t allowed, you had to be 20 or older even though the evening cosplay events were **exactly** the same as the daytime ones
Marisa (Mawisa): Most lolicon is banned now but there’s a big black market for it
Marisa (Mawisa): That’s how you know this guy sucks, he’s calling lolicon Lolita which are totally different in japan and weeb spaces
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah i saw that but was like that's an entirely different argument
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Someone comments on penny photo " oh my God shes so old for that 😂 😂 😂 " 

Fam. I cant change my age xD 
Also are only 16 year olds supposed to cosplay? Lmaoooooo you're in the wrong hobby then
Georgia (Something Sensible): what a binch
Georgia (Something Sensible): aight i rewrote my NASA essay because i didnt like the last one i wrote
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ujCSSdePtaLy4tr0hc9zceOX1Xyg8B7Of3KVRM-z9bE/edit
Georgia (Something Sensible): if anyone has time to proofread and mebbe give feedback/advice THANK
Marisa (Mawisa): we ain't got permission to view it
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh noes i hit share tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): now it should be good
Marisa (Mawisa): [hacker voice] we're in
Georgia (Something Sensible): _hack my essay_
Marisa (Mawisa): oo das a really strong essay
i like nerd disney
Marisa (Mawisa): and a good opening catch
Georgia (Something Sensible): 😎
Georgia (Something Sensible): its the two highlighted parts that im havin trouble with
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Uhhhhh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): That highlight part idk I have idea hang on
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Something about large impact from small group of people something something vastness of universe
Georgia (Something Sensible): [sung to the scooby doo theme] 🎵 Anon-ymous Shrew, Who are you 🎵
Georgia (Something Sensible): ah yes thats very artsy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I think it me
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And then it can segue into you being one person wanting to contribute
Georgia (Something Sensible): OH THATS GOOD YE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeet
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Thank you job that had me hiring ppl I read many a personal statement and resume
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I like the rest of the essay btw
Georgia (Something Sensible): thank!
Georgia (Something Sensible): i like my intro sentence best
Georgia (Something Sensible): i thought of it falling asleep last night and went I HAVE TO REWRITE MY ESSAY
Georgia (Something Sensible): WHEEZES i just finished its all done, now to check it obsessively every day
Georgia (Something Sensible): also based on a lot of the internship listings, i may want to learn labview, matlab, and CAD
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof
Georgia (Something Sensible): but i applied to a whole range of stuff, from being a space camp counselor to running NASA social media to high energy collision experiments to being a solar weather person SO HERES TO HOPING
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Roses are red
Violets are blue
Your document is being read by an anonymous shrew*
Georgia (Something Sensible): Work closes at 6
Georgia (Something Sensible): 5:59, someone enters to START car shopping
Georgia (Something Sensible): Now we all gotta stay til they leave
Marisa (Mawisa): Have all the staff just stare
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@289944569410224129> late to the chat but idk who that dude was.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😫 I want to work in more cosplay crunching stuff but oof I'm so tired...
Mark (Mad Doctor): Less than a week to go, and the Marvel shoot still hasn't announced a time. I'm at the point where I'm going to set my rotation, and if I miss the shoot, so be it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The marvel shoot is a complete mess
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The girl who runs it is.... not a good leader
Mark (Mad Doctor): She wants to please everyone.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'd say just go if its convenient
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Make your line up and then if it happens to line up then yay
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But if not, not a big deal
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah. My goal for Zenkai is to chill, get silly, and keep Audrey and her friends from getting arrested. The RWBY shoot is my only fixed point
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Is.... Is potential arrest really that prominent bc I am now afraid for your weekend
Mark (Mad Doctor): One of Audrey's friends just told me that I should have more realistic goals...
Mark (Mad Doctor): They're plotting in the fort as we speak
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh my god
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Goals
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Tell them I'm so proud
