Georgia (Something Sensible): Ok as much of a cuck as my roommate Sarah is, Kiera makes up for it by being so kind
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s the one that made me hot cocoa and dressed as a Dunkin employee for Halloween
Georgia (Something Sensible): She just texted me asking if I wanted to rescue some flannels she doesn’t wear anymore
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof you're still having to deal with Sarah? 
And awww that's so sweet of the other girl~ ❤
Georgia (Something Sensible): Sarah packed up before winter break, but didn’t move EVERYTHING out, just her clothes and essentials
Georgia (Something Sensible): So I assume she’s staying the rest of the semester
Georgia (Something Sensible): But hopefully sleeping at home every night like she did the past two months
Georgia (Something Sensible): Literally from thanksgiving to winter break I didn’t see her, it was gr9
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was gonna say I haven't heard anything about her in a while so assumed all was good or she moved out. But yikes... hopefully she keeps staying at home or does just fully move out next semester...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So yesterday I had my taste of working in the city of Harrisburg, and I hate it. XD

Love the people that work at the branch, but the clients there vary so hard, and I dealt with probably the worst person on the planet yesterday. I almost blew up on this woman...and apparently that was an easy interaction with her.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm so tempted to take a mental health day but I'm just thinking, "No it's only the 9th of january and I could use that sick time for if I actually get sick"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): boss just came in and started spray painting in my office, now the entire office smells overwhelmingly of paint and i have to be in here for 8 hours. HERE COMES THE MIGRAINE BOIS
Anna (Cadmium): WHY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i yelled at him
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we have a WAREHOUSE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OUTSIDE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but he chooses my office to paint in
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and hes not like painting the walls or anything, hes literally painting a wooden board that could easily be moved
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im grouchy now yikes
Anna (Cadmium): ...................................................
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Just leave, you should get the day off cause your workspace isn't safe.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You know.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Poisonous paint fumes.
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): my brain @ ur boss' logic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i work with idiots
Anna (Cadmium): time to claim sick pay cause migranes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good point maybe ill leave early
Anna (Cadmium): but like actually dont put yourself in harms way
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea, i'm gonna see about moving my desk to another room today
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because what the fuck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also this room has no ventilation at all
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WHY'
Jess (whoozica): grlll get out of there
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh OH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): now theyre using a circular saw
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LmasODSsajklhfsjkfh
Jess (whoozica): in your office?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA
Jess (whoozica): WTF
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WHaT IS HAPPENING
Anna (Cadmium): im confused cause why do they NEED A CIRCULAR SAW WHAT ARE THEY DOING IN YOUR OFFICE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i literally have no idea, this has never happened before
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theyre like cutting up wood and spray painting it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WHY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what wonky timeline did i wake up in
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Same Bat Time, Same Bat Channel.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Unfortunately.*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~what does that mean, billiam~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's a 80's batman reference.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alQ0zUjLLmg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I fucked it up, it's station not channel, but I should be forgiven because who calls things Stations anymore.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've been trying to post to my photography instagram for almost a day now and it keeps saying the connection isn't good?? But like it is? There is nothing wrong with my wifi here at home... wtfff
Anna (Cadmium): how bizarre. what are you tryna post it via? phone?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaa. I meant to try when I was at work last night but forgot. Sooo guess imma jsut have to keep fighting to figure it out.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): So some girl messaged me asking about where to get foam/worbla and what I use each for. At first I was happy to help her but now she’s asking me to basically break down the vol 4+ Weiss pendant and tell her how to make it, and I’m just like no?? 1) I don’t have time for that and 2) I’ve never made it!!! Why not ask someone who actually has??????
Jess (whoozica): LOL just be like "i suggest you google a tutorial"
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): That’s basically what I told her 🙄
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "youtube is a good tool"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): lmgtfy.com
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): When ppl ask questions 98% of the time the answer is “fucking google it”
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Da fuq instagram... So it still would never post the one picture I wanted to post on my photography so I tried another and it sent that one through?? O.o ... Alright...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): formatting issues, possibly.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *...is Harleen a man or woman's name*
Jess (whoozica): typically a woman
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *oops*.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Almost screwed that up on my time sheet. Harleen'll never see that anyway, but I just have trouble with the sheer number of foreign names at IBM.
Jess (whoozica): its a variation of Harley
Jess (whoozica): or it can be at least it isnt always
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Dr. Harleen Quinzel
Jess (whoozica): ^^
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Harleen Bhamrah*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Confirmed correct, checked IBM staff directory for picture.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ok so I just got off the phone with a customer about a project that's been a fucking pain in the cunt because the cable that gets used was discontinued so we've been trying to source replacements and every replacement we've found is either hella expensive and/or hard to source quickly. We were supposed to be able to get this cable within a few days when we were getting quotes and now we're not able to get it for a few weeks so I get the production area that uses these cables at our customer's facilities is down and will be for another couple of weeks.

So anyway I'm on the phone because he wants updates and I haven't been able to reply to his email the past few days because I've been so goddamn busy with other shit because I'm doing the work of like 5 engineers right now and I tried to be apologetic because I understand that they're down right now and it's taking longer than expected. Didn't acknowledge my apology at all. Then when we were done talking he just hung up and didn't even say "thank you" or "bye" or anything. Fucking rude cunt
Erik (Red Riot Thot): We've been trying to find alternate cables for this since fucking June so I'm sorry you only just now decided to approve one to use
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Maybe have *your* engineers look for an alternate because we have other shit and other customers to deal with
Anna (Cadmium): I am very sad i was talking to a person thats a friend of a friend in charge of a crossover group for katsu and she was like actually afraid of what the RWBY cosplayer/fan reactions were going to be if she brought a crossover group to the meetup. 
Apparently sailor moon fans are super hostile to crossovers and thats their experience with their sailor moon/eeveeloution xover and shes super into but was afraid of RWBYloutions reception.
Anna (Cadmium): so im both sad and mad rn
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m also sad because I’d LOVE to see those designs.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Tell her to do what she wants. Don't let others ruin her fun. People are just asses. That sounds cool
Mark (Mad Doctor): Audrey and I got nothing but praise when we did RWVYwatch. And if you search the archives of this server, you will find countless absurd, wonderful crossover ideas. Long story short: if BNE is a representative sample of cosplayers, we value imagination and creativity a zillion times more than "canon"
Anna (Cadmium): i know, im so sad when ppl gatekeep like that. 
(They're bringing RWBYloutions to katsu and im lending my yang cosplay to them so they can have a yang for the group. if you know anyone who does Ren and just wants to make some Leafeon ears and a pokeball charm..... they still need a ren and a yang i think)
Anna (Cadmium): i told her we have RWBYwatch and RWBYlands and RWBY fans are usually super supportive of their cosplayers and she should definitely come to the rwby meetup
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!351785752197201920>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Deff! Crossovers between fandoms is super cool. Idk why people hate on them :\
Anna (Cadmium): bc gatekeepers have a stick where the sun dont shine
Anna (Cadmium): i think it showcases creativity
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.instagram.com/jettee.lupe/ this is the organizer if Tom wants to be their ren lol. They Eeevee sailor scouts won best group at wintercon this year thats how i met 2/3 of them lol
