Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just got a voicemail, email, AND a text message from a recruiter asking if I was interested in a 7 month contract position. HA
Jamie (Jamie): Oh fun theyre voting today in senate on to reopen the government or not and at the same time voting to give in to trumps baby tantrum and hostage shutdown by approving the wall and his stupid ass wishlist. Im not worried about it passing im worried the off chance of anyone voting yes because they just need to open again and the child is holding his breath about to pass out if they dont say yes
Jess (whoozica): my coworker told me to "smile honey" 🙄
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikess
Matt (mattmyers25): Punch them in the face and then smile XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao Matt. Give him a "smile" but make it a snarl as well
Jess (whoozica): I said "since you asked, definitely not"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XDD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Good
Marisa (Mawisa): One time my sister told me to smile and then she smeared honey mustard on my teeth
Maybe he’s trying to do that
Jess (whoozica): co working angrily yelling at customer service rep on the work phone cuz his apps didnt get backed up and re downloaded unto his new phone
Jess (whoozica): we're not even allowed to take personal calls at work
Jess (whoozica): also he hung up on the guy and then the guy called back so they could continue arguing XD
Jess (whoozica): it was pretty entertaining
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m so worried now
Georgia (Something Sensible): My recommender for my internships was asked by the top physics student if he would write her letter of recommendation
Georgia (Something Sensible): And she’s like the Goldwater recipient and president of Physics Club
Georgia (Something Sensible): and he said NO
Georgia (Something Sensible): But he told me he’s like??? I am a simple nobody, why did he tell me yes, I got a C+ in the class like what
Jess (whoozica): what are worried about? 😮
Jess (whoozica): maybe he said no cuz of conflict of interest?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Idk maybe
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m just like, if he says no to the top student, why say yes to a relatively mediocre student
Georgia (Something Sensible): I mean I participated in class and went to a couple office hours
Georgia (Something Sensible): But I only managed a C+
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If recommendations were just based on grades, you wouldn’t need anyone to write you letter, your transcript would suffice. The letter is an actual, personal opinion of you and the effort you’ve put in. The professor needs to know who you are to write about your strengths and why you should be chosen over anyone else. Gracie Lu Freebush over there probably handed in her papers and left without a word in class. Your professor doesn’t know her. He knows you.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah that’s a good point
Georgia (Something Sensible): And it’s not like he’s gonna tell me yes just to write a bad letter
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s a waste of his time
Georgia (Something Sensible): He would’ve just said no
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He is clearly capable of doing so.
Anna (Cadmium): ~~the answer is because you are a person who is more than just a GPA~~
Anna (Cadmium): And on top of that, if you showed actual effort in class instead of just breezing through he probs noticed. 
plus who knows maybe she pissed him off at some point
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ok so I wanted to email him my resume and deadlines again to make sure he doesnt foret
Georgia (Something Sensible): can someone read my email
Georgia (Something Sensible): "I wanted to take the chance to thank you again for agreeing to write me a letter of recommendation for my summer internship applications. I appreciate your support in developing my skills in physics, and I know that your letter will be very influential in my application process. I provided you with a paper copy of my resume and deadlines when I inquired about a recommendation letter a few weeks ago; I attached them to this email again should you need them. If you have any questions, please let me know."
Anna (Cadmium): i think that sounds okay. would say 'if you have any questions or want to know something i dont talk about in my resume, let me know'
Georgia (Something Sensible): ooooh good suggestion
Georgia (Something Sensible): thank
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If you really want to follow up, go to his office hours.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He can't ignore you in his face, an email can get lost.
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah thats the second part of my email LOL
Georgia (Something Sensible): i had questions about the material in class anyways
Anna (Cadmium): ye throw in an 'or ill come by office hours'
Anna (Cadmium): aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand you stopping by is indicative of why hes writing this letter
Anna (Cadmium): u give a crap
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah i ended with "Furthermore, will you start holding office hours at 3:20 as of this Friday (1/25)? I had a few questions about Motional EFM as you talked about in class today. Would I be able to stop by your office for further clarification? Thank you."
Mark (Mad Doctor): As someone who has written more than their share of letters of recommendation,   you can rest assured that the professor thinks highly enough of you as a person that they want to add their personal narrative to the application. If your grades were not the highest in the class, he probably wants it out there that you actually care about the subject matter expert to hang around after class and ask questions about it. Transcripts don't do a good job of showing energy, enthusiasm, or genuine interest. He seems savvy enough to know that people screening applicants care a lot about those things
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hell yeah, go to those office hours! Profs love when you go to their office hours
Georgia (Something Sensible): i feel like such a bother oof
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like heres my professor, making real contributions to physics, and im just like "hello excuse me mr smart sir, plz explain this magnetic field to me and my dumb brain"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Both of the professors who wrote my letters of recommendation asked me multiple times to keep reminding them.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Professors be scatter brained.
ZombieHunter: My stat teacher is talking about how if you have 12 million dollars
ZombieHunter: You can guarantee yourself the lottery
ZombieHunter: And asked the school president if he was down
ZombieHunter: 😐
ZombieHunter: Why is he like this
Erik (Red Riot Thot): THAT'S WHAT THEY'RE GETTING PAID TO DO! Like I used to avoid office hours because I figured I could just figure it out on my own but it ended up causing me a lot more stress and when I finally got the courage to visit them for help, it was such a relief. They want to see you succeed and they want to help you understand the material
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yup.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I had one professor who everyone thought hated the class. If you came to his office hours he *glowed*.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He was just lonely.
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats so tragic
ZombieHunter: That’s sad
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah my professor is pretty serious but he makes a cheesy joke here and there
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~he had a heart attack and retired during my tenure~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): and he was interested in which field of physics i wanted to do, and encouraged me to go to the womens physics conference
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was just spooked because he turned down Maine, and shes like so successful
Georgia (Something Sensible): but shes also really shy so i think i see that maybe he didnt know her well enough as a person
Erik (Red Riot Thot): However one my friend and I went to our calc 3 professor for help, thinking it'd just be a couple minutes to help clarify something and then we ended up being in there for over an hour doing practice problems lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): math is whack like that tho
ZombieHunter: Rude
ZombieHunter: *le offended*
Georgia (Something Sensible): like my friend tyler is a math genius, he can write proofs as to why we need calculus, but he isnt good at doing the actual calculus
Georgia (Something Sensible): YOU A MAJOR, you of all people should know its whack
ZombieHunter: SHUT UP IM ALSO OBLIGATED TO BE OFFENDED GEORGIA
ZombieHunter: I have an obligation
Anna (Cadmium): ~~im a civil engineer and you dont see me defending road layouts~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): _offended, but concede that its true_
ZombieHunter: I’m having chest rib pain
ZombieHunter: I think I slept weird
ZombieHunter: 😭😭😭
Georgia (Something Sensible): the email is sent 🙌
Anna (Cadmium): but really, georgia youre good. you have to believe that you already proved yourself because he said yes.
Anna (Cadmium): i am proud of u
ZombieHunter: No but seriously I hate calc
ZombieHunter: I need to take calc 3 and abstract
ZombieHunter: And I’m fucking scared shirtless
ZombieHunter: You see
ZombieHunter: ~~It scares me naked~~
ZombieHunter: I’m not sorry for this
Anna (Cadmium): ^seconded. I never took a picture of me flipping off the umbilic torus outside my school. 


uhhhh ok calc 3 is what again? I think that one was pretty rational compared to calc 4
Anna (Cadmium): no pun intended
Anna (Cadmium): like it actually made sense
ZombieHunter: I hate calc 3
ZombieHunter: It’s when you start deriving into theoretical space
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Calc 3 is awful. Abstract is worse
Georgia (Something Sensible): calc 3 is vector calculus
Georgia (Something Sensible): its like physics but shittier
Georgia (Something Sensible): i liked differential equations
ZombieHunter: Don’t say that I need to graduate
ZombieHunter: ;_;
Georgia (Something Sensible): now im in advanced calculus for engineers and its basically calc 5
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The best description of what abstract is like: "Prove that 2 is an even number"
ZombieHunter: Fuck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "its not"
"good"
ZombieHunter: How am I even a math major man
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And for whatever reason saying "it's decisive by 2" isn't a sufficient answer
ZombieHunter: When split in half
ZombieHunter: Both halves are whole numbers
ZombieHunter: Me: fails still probably
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *I still have all my notes...*
Georgia (Something Sensible): i too gag at math
ZombieHunter: I’m gonna cry next year
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Abstract was like, *interesting* but like, I had no clue what was going on
ZombieHunter: It’s too late to change majors
ZombieHunter: 😭😭😭
Anna (Cadmium): once they started doing forier transforms i fucking lost it
ZombieHunter: Does everyone go through 4000 math and end going
ZombieHunter: Eh idk what just happened
Anna (Cadmium): i barely understood what the fuck was going on but i was like no. this is not math. this is bullshit
ZombieHunter: That’s what my dean said about statistics
ZombieHunter: I’ve got another hour of stat and probability
Georgia (Something Sensible): Me, a physics major, can concur that math is bullshit
Mark (Mad Doctor): I have degrees in medieval history. Fuck your hindu-arabic bullshit, and this "zero" fad you kids keep going on about
