Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm dead hacking so hard I feel like deflated all might rn like it's just gonna be blood next
Matt (mattmyers25): My work is closed today woohoo
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Meanwhile I’m still going in to NYC despite establishing I could work from home. <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Chris Onyx: Meanwhile i have to go in to work now instead of at 12 cause my school closed and work /never/ does
Mark (Mad Doctor): Snow day. The history department texted pictures of ourselves with beer, wine and bourbon to each other
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I can't wait until it starts snowing and then I sit in my office debating whether or not I should go home or wait it out
Jess (whoozica): Huge. Mood.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Maybe I should have stayed home... But I got a bunch of shit to get done and my desk at home is a mess of Katsu shit.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We’ll see if I regret it later...!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I guess I should use my airpods at work for awhile. Encourage some form of office socialness as opposite to headphones all day every day.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My boss just called me to ask if I decide to go home early if I could work from home and honestly I feel like I'd be so much more productive lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): yeaaaaaah nooooo.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Being at home means more distractions and no chance of your boss seeing you play smash while the databases transfer.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Possibly, but is not like I'm not distracted at work to begin with
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Plus I can wear pajamas and work in bed
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): truuu but you'll feel more guilty goofing off at home.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I wouldn't work the full rest of the day at home. I just have one big quote I'd bring home and just log those hours.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Although I wouldn't even be able to finish completely because I'd need access to our intranet
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): What do y'all do about negative comments on your posts? Just block and delete the comment?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't usually get any, but that's probably what I'd do
Marisa (Mawisa): I just leave them unless they’re really mean and scathing. I got a long one calling me a whore and insulting my mother that I deleted, but stuff like “ur wig is wrong” or whatever I ignore
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *What person wants to get cut again? Just give me a handle*
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I don't typically either, other than like pervy ones. But I got someone this morning trying to shit up the comments on an otherwise very positive comments section. I just blocked and deleted the comment cuz I didn't want the negativity
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): 
Marisa (Mawisa): Grab ur pitchforks y’all were gonna go beat up Giuseppe
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Haha. Appreciate the thoughts guys but you don't have to. I just wanted to get it off my chest.
Marisa (Mawisa): i've already contacted several hitmen
Jess (whoozica): WTF
Erik (Red Riot Thot): What is *his* bullshit
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I mean it just seems like some edgy teen (who doesn't know how to take a selfie btw). I know I'll probably get worse in the future so I shouldn't let things bug me. But sometimes it does tick me off a bit.
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’d just delete it
Georgia (Something Sensible): People like that want attention
Georgia (Something Sensible): I delete most of mine and never see them again
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Yeah that's what I figured. No need to dwell on someone being an ass
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I've never gotten any rude comments but on my boudoir post I got a couple weird comments and I didn't reply to any of them because it would only spurs them on. That definitely goes for rude people as well. Ignoring them is your best option.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I usually laugh at them with friends and then delete them. Just trolls with no life who are not worth my time.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I haven't gotten any that I'm aware of but if I did I'd just ignore and delete if really bad.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm so sick right now I hate it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I was up at 4 hacking my lungs out and like I needed to be at work tomorrow but Idk if I'll be better
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It'd be hella rad if someone would come plow our parking lot... 😒
Jamie (Jamie): why are people posting open positions in craigs list  but still asking for degree and experience of high values. like shit who do you think is grabbing gigs on craigslist the shadiest of search platforms
Jamie (Jamie): this however sounds so sketchy I want to reply just to find out what the claim to riches is hahaha
Jamie (Jamie): Home business opportunity for self motivated people!

You can easily make a few hundred a week doing very little or a few hundred a day doing a little bit more. Less than 1 hour a day can bring in $250+ per day.

Want to get started? 

Contact me now.
Marisa (Mawisa): where's ur email
give us ur contact
Marisa (Mawisa): i contact now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So my Weiss figure I got this weekend broke (sword broke) and I can't find it now D:
I had it in my box on the way home but it's not there now?? T_T
Jamie (Jamie): I think of looking for work in warehousing again and the second i see "from 5 30 am- 9pm" I want to be sick and dive off a cliff
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea no please don't do graveyard shift again...
