Evie (Katheryne Knight): I egarly await the mob right now on Twitter because I ship Snowbird 🤷

Bye guys. It was nice knowing you XD
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: As an ironqrow shipper.... What else is there besides snowbird and ironqrow
Matt (mattmyers25): Qrow and his flask
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's okay they can take me down with you cause I ship it too ❄ 🐦
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And LMAO Matt
Evie (Katheryne Knight): QrowxOzpin is pretty huge
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Now TJATS an agegap XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ozma is 2 millennia
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And 113 re-encarnations later
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Sggjdfjhffh I. forgot that existed
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Also now it's super not chill he's in the body of a kid like
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Anyways y'all keep shipping snowbird and if yall ever want a fictional photoshoot where the general officiates I'm down bc it'll piss off ppl lmao
Evie (Katheryne Knight): P L E A SE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You and my friend Peter can say "REALLY? IN FRONT OF MY SALAD??"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Heads up to anyone still going to WWII weekend... unless I can get off Friday nephew may have to come along Saturday. Cause I was schedule to work that day 😑😭 fuck... it's the only day the boyos gonna be at it too... ughh 
Fucking coworker got them off but I technically turned mine in before her. Like 5 mins before
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im not 100% sure i can come ~~i might have overpacked my June and not sure if i can afford it anymore....but i hope i can work it out~~, but if i can then thats no problem xD i dont mind having another person along
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nuuuu 😦 hopefully you can still come
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: i love how we all plan something and the universe just says NO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): getting sick this week has also fucked up my paycheck so im like "ugh fuck"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm just pissed cause I moved taking nephew Sunday over Friday cause Trav is only there that day and I wanna see him but nooo now I'm schedule to work 😦 fuck...
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: yeah rent/student loans/insurance was all due at once so my life got fucked
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof, im sorry rebecca
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh but I'm not scheduled fucking Tuesday or weds... 😑 whyyy
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: oooooof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hoping I can figure something out. Trav told me to call off sick but I reaaalllyy don't wanna do that. I hate to be that kinda person
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay I'm livid

I know a photographer who fucking photographs lewd shoots and shit but attacks cosolayera for doing "skimpy Cosplay" 

Like what the actual shit dude...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Da fuq....
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): wat
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah... I just wanna go off but I don't have the energy XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He does it a lot and has been called out by others he's photographed before too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fucking yikes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The BIG yikes
