Anna (loud and likely blonde): aaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH DISHWASHER FRIGGIN COMMENTED ON MY GRIMM TEASER POST.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I think my soul left my body
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Help
Jess (whoozica): Whoo! That's awesome
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My soul has left. My body. 
I screamed. I actually screamed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> my coworker took my Thursday shift. We good to go fammmmm!!
Jamie (Jamie): Okay so does anyone have experience working in a city? Mainly Philly. I'm after advise on commuting into the city best options and good ways to not you know die. (Might be taking an interesting job opportunity but requires going into Philly)
Mark (Mad Doctor): Where in the city are you going? For Center City I'd recommend septa regional rail from any suburban station. I'd avoid the busses if possible. Note that free parking is increasingly rare even at some of the more distant stations. Center City is remarkably safe, especially in daylight, but some surrounding neighborhoods are sketchy
Jamie (Jamie): Not sure yet on the where hopefully finding more out later today when i get a reply on the email
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): All week I looked at my schedule and it said I finish at 1 today, now suddenly it say I'm working till 5. I can't stay that late today <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof that's weird.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Every city is different, but in NYC a car is impossible to use effectively. Public transit is always better.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Okay. Chrsis averted I talked to my manager and I'm only staying till 2. He needed to cut hours anyway.
Marisa (Mawisa): Everyone I know who’s worked in Philly agrees public transit is better. Teens and adults and elderly alike say avoid using a car if you can. 
If yer working in Tokyo avoid train rush hour as much as possible unless you like not breathing
Jamie (Jamie): Hmm okay I was figuring public transit would be best. I'll have to do research into seeing costs and where's to do the things. This job would be pretty cool since it would be a production assistant with a company doing like social media videos. Waiting to hear back to fins out if it will be worth time or not in compensation. Hoping it is and that its real lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): One of my friends works in Philly and she takes the trains and it's a lot more convenient for her. Just get a pass
