Anna (Blonde Banshee): uhhhhh think $40 each. I'll just do miccostumes tbh
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Apparently like. Multiple ppl are having the same problem suddenly so maybe like. Mfg fucked up
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I'll just do miccostumes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahh okay. That's about what I paid for my miccoatimes one. I'd say give them a shot. Mine fit well minus the pants but im an odd size so 🤷🏻‍♀️
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just checked, Miccostumes doesn't have a custom sizing option
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof they don't? 😮 must have been another site I was thinking of... dammit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ezcosplay does.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ^
Erik (Red Riot Thot): for like an additional $10
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): they just take *for ever* sometimes.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Source: where the fuck that Hazel cosplay at.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I'll fuckin just. Go color match the fabric at this point
Anna (Blonde Banshee): And make my own
Anna (Blonde Banshee): F
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Honestly if you can find a solid light gray blazer, it wouldn't be hard to do. That's kind of what I'm hoping to do but it's proving to be more difficult than I thought...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Gotta check goodwill
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee you could honestly do it that way too. My pants for my uniform are scrub pants tbh XD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): The Blazer is the only part that fits
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Lmfao
Anna (Blonde Banshee): What's your size? I'll check near me too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Keep blazer. Trash pants. Use scrub pants like me lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I'm just gonna use a dress pants pattern I. Own.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lemme see if I can find the ones I got lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B072W72JLQ/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o09_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
This what I use for my pants lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Oh. HELLO
Anna (Blonde Banshee): that. That will work
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Bc Rebecca I know u also suffer In finding pants
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD Yes. Yes I do. So much
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I'll see if I can just. Sew my own pants tbh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee try that. If not there's a back up option lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Like $40 for a blazer that actually fits is fine. Or maybe I'll find some at island thrift that are the right color
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Or I'll just wear Mic with a skirt
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mic with a skirt seems fitting lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I wanna make the summer shirt too
But like. I think if I ask Meaghan where she got her old uniform stuff shell die she went to Catholic school and worked in a uniform store 💀
Anna (Blonde Banshee): <@386874959009415170> what size r u in jacket bc there's tons of suit jackets and blazers here on Long island cause. Business ppl
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~im a thrift store god I found all the pieces of emmaries two cosplays in a half hour in goodwill~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ideally a 40L
Matt (mattmyers25): I love being yelled at for stuff I did wrong in February
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes. Like at that point why even bother? It's such old news now lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I just had to shotgun an energy drink cause my case of sockets slid off the backseat and punctured the side of the drink
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Why am I carrying my full set of sockets ? One of my spark plugs keeps coming loose
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): please dont have a heart attack
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea please don't. Like omg
Anna (Blonde Banshee): It's fine this is normal
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I drank half and poured the other half into my water bottle to drink slowly
Anna (Blonde Banshee): However. This is still. Normal. And my car is sticky
ZombieHunter: I have made mistakes and all of them are I messaged Emma and we’re talking at random intervals
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Hunter no
Rebecca (madameterralupus): When teachers are really nice and helpful it makes me want to cry of happy-ness cause so many are not... 
I've been high key struggling in school since I took my med leave last year but bless my radio teacher. He's willing to work with me to catch back up on material I learned well over a year ago and kinda forget how to do now. Also letting me catch back up in class with work I missed cause I was jsut dumb
