Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Some girl is using a comically oversided comb on the train.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Like, size of my head.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): what.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just found the dumbest comment on Twitter. Someone posted about homophobic/tranaphobic RWBY YouTubers and how they showed their true colors since volume 6 ended and well this was a comment
Evie (Katheryne Knight): "straight avocacy"

Boi if you want that watch ANY other anime.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like literally ANY other piece of media
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "This is a problem right now"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I hate most of humanity lmao
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like...
If they are that bent out of shape...go watch ANY other anime that shoves very very half assed boyxgirl ships in our face 

Like I like my ships but like... Bruh
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And they commented on another post this person made too saying how there "needs to be more straight ships because Renora doesn't cut it" I'm paraphrasing btw
Evie (Katheryne Knight): How...does Renora not cut it???? They had 4 seasons of buildup and a whole season dedicated to their backstory
Erik (Red Riot Thot): You ever just get so overwhelmed with how much work has built up that you don't have the motivation to do it, thus *more* work piles up? Yeah, it's been one of those weeks...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 🙃
Jess (whoozica): "straight advocacy"
Jess (whoozica): Plz...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hello my stress is high cause I'm realizing I'm mad broke atm, unsure what I want to do when I graduate in the winter, stresses with being at home but can't move out... basically I feel imma implode .-.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *hugs* yo I feel that. Take some deep breaths and try to find a place to destress and clear your head.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao things just got more stressful... I had plans to meet my advisor today... and she went and moved her office hours around and didn't tell me... omg.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I gave up. Came home and gonna just go to department head now... I didn't have time to wait around at school more I need to do shit here at home
Matt (mattmyers25): I'm surprised you didnt go to the department head when you were at school
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I cant just go to her randomly... She has office hours too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And Kim (the department secretary) was on lunch soo probs couldnt get into office anyways
Rebecca (madameterralupus): kldfklads Can my parents make up their damned minds on what we are doing this weekend with going to my grandparents  >.<
