Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: I'm petty enough to burn a bridge right now and that's bad
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Friend from college I found two books of hers in my house somehow and they want them back. Ok. Except I had to move in the meanwhile and left them at my parents so I forgot to pack them. Ok. My fault. Friend lives in the UAE so apparently I need to get them the things before they fly to Cali on the 30th, or I have to ship it to the UAE. I'm somehow the asshole in this situation because I forgot a damn book and sketchbook that they didn't even know they left behind, and I have to fix this now
And no, being off my meds bc no insurance plus not being home for 12 hours a day plus switching jobs plus moving isn't an excuse or reason enough for this. I'm expected to drive to my parents and get this shit or get it mailed and somehow get it to them before they fly. 
Like I get this is my problem but it's not *my problem*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I say this is deff not your problem. They left them there for how long and didn't seem to know they were missing  until you let them know 🤷
Jamie (Jamie): So im sitting at a starbucks in a town called flourtown for an interview with a company at 4 30, but i have no idea who to look for or anything. And it might be a waste since potentially tho good pay chance it may require using my car to make deliveries and/or in an area too far out for me to be daily
Jamie (Jamie): But 13-15/hr pay i figured still give it a shot even though again no idea who to look for
Jamie (Jamie): Am enjoying the strawberry frap tho
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: thats weird. usually not the best sign when a company has you meet in starbucks for an interview and its NOT starbucks
Jamie (Jamie): Yea its supposed to be for amazon deliveries
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: thats weird
Jamie (Jamie): So idk the posting said they provide the vehicle and if not its out and if it infringes on school hours its out quite frankly
Jamie (Jamie): And driving 40+ minutes to get to area ain't my thing either
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: also working for amazon really isnt that good they dont treat their employees well
yea its worth a shot but sounds like you should just use it as interview experience lol
Jamie (Jamie): Honestly kinda why im here at all figure i van give it a shot
Jamie (Jamie): Also glad this place has covered outdoor seating cause it is the tiniest of starbucks i swear
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: is it raining by you?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Pissing down
Jamie (Jamie): Went through a storm to get here but sunny now
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: its uh. getting to the pissing
Jamie (Jamie): 
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: dat cute
Jamie (Jamie): Flourtown is a cute little area
Jamie (Jamie): Which i guess works for being named after a baking/cooking ingredient
Jamie (Jamie): When u get home i am finishing an application for the local aldies though too
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: i love aldi's omg
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: tho granted the first time i was in one was deadass in Dublin
Jamie (Jamie): Theyre not bad, pay good and cashiers get to sit while they work
Jamie (Jamie): Dublin where cause technically I live in an area called Dublin hence road called dublin pike
Jamie (Jamie): Also this company is called uptown fleet and not amazon which is weird
Jamie (Jamie): I feel like i have wasted gas cause 7 minutes til the time and i see no one who looks ready to interview anyone
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: ~~dublin ireland lol~~
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: hmmmm i mean ppl who are amazon sellers also do have to ship their stuff
Jamie (Jamie): ~~Lol much better place then~~
Jamie (Jamie): Nooo rain is returning
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: why is gas 20 cents more expensive out by work than at my house
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: YOU HAVE TO SHIP IT FARTHER THERE
Jamie (Jamie): Gas is being weird and fickle as he'll for cost anymore
Jamie (Jamie): Jumping up and down every single night it seems like and not little jumps
Jamie (Jamie): I'm giving this like 5 minutes to see anyone looking around or to get a message and then i am so leaving and this was a waste aside from getting my frap
Jamie (Jamie): Cool so did the interview noticed the guy walking out and he had a amazon smile on his shirt
Jamie (Jamie): Might still choose nother option mainly cause for school I couldnt do the shifts they want those days cause 10 hour shifts. So instead would be working Fri-Sunday shifts but at 15/hr
Jamie (Jamie): Basically i have some mathing and deciding to do on if i can make same income another job paying a little less but with more shift options and/or more hours
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: TEN HOUR SHIFTS JEEZE
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: yea time to do mathing
Mark (Mad Doctor): Wait a sec. Flourtown is a mile from where I work!
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: I just. Found the most tasteless and YIKES sticker on a car
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: 
Mark (Mad Doctor): Holy shit. Yesterday, I saw a car with both a Blue Lives Matter sticker and another one with a picture of a handgun and the caption "Think twice because I won't"
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: The racists are getting bold. We need some milkshakes
Mark (Mad Doctor): The nice thing about this moment in history is that it's really easy to spot the racist assholes
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: But like. Holy fuck dude. Gun stickers and blue lives matter stickers  are just redneck. But you dead have a nazi emblem. Although it might be trying to be a boy London thing which is just as bad because their logo is straight up the fully detailed eagle minus the swastika and wreath. God I hate boy London for that
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: And oh yeah it's easy to spot em these days. I somehow lost my Punch More Nazis shirt from when that guy got decked on TV
Mark (Mad Doctor): It makes me glad to see the dent in that dude's fender
Jamie (Jamie): aldi application sent 👌
Jamie (Jamie): with the math and a minimum of 4 8hr shifts at aldi's at 13.10 and hour the difference of not having to kill my weekends is roughly 2-300 bucks and not quite worth it lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah. Travel time is like unpaid work
