Erik (Red Riot Thot): Guess who started getting a sore throat today <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .... I feel you, chris came home from the Philippines sick and I can tell I'm starting to catch his cold
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Vitamin c and zinc are becoming my best friend
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just found a fairly full bag of cough drops. Thaaaat sweet relief of menthol
Georgia (Something Sensible): Noah is sick
Georgia (Something Sensible): GUESS ILL DID
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *BNE Sicko Mode Katsucon Meetup 2k19*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Start pumping that zinc and vitamin c fam!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): None of you touch me I avoided all my coworkers illnesses
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *sigh* time to cave and go shave my legs I guess. Dammit revealing costumes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Huuha big mood lol. I finally remembered to do so myself tonight. Damned skirts XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I guess I should shave my face and arms too rip
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Make body paint go on easier
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Con crunch got me making a bowl of plain pasta for myself at 11:43
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yumm
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Don't pastaway from the con crunch
Tom (tomukuncosplay): 
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Solid meal
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh that’s not good. Last night my head had started to bother me, pounding headache. Sleep has not fixed it.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I've got a headache, sore throat, and stinging sinuses. Running on less than 4 hours of sleep. It's gonna be a long day folks
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ooh coffee feels good on my throat and the steam is relief for my stinging nostrils. Bless hot drinks
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Driving east into the sun is not helping my head.
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): You just gotta brighten up 👉👉
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just keep a sunny disposition
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *yall look at the fucking sun for 2 hours then talk to ne*
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Okay! *Destroys retinas*
Matt (mattmyers25): And now my moms sick
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I'm totally gonna catch something this weekend aren't I..? 😦 ~~
Matt (mattmyers25): Well, it wont be from me. Time to get full of vit c
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I've dosed up on excedrin and the max dose of airborne. Also realized it could be my allergies kicking in, maybe I kicked up dust when I was packing, so back on allegra.
Jess (whoozica): Ive been taking vitims and emergen-c like everyday for the past 2 weeks and have a thing of airborne packed, might pick up some echinacea tea
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I can't wait until I get a full on cold during Katsu and can't breathe the entire time
Jamie (Jamie): Wow so I was put on a stronger anti biotic called Clindamycin and it doesnt list drowsiness as a side effect but yet I feel dead tired after taking it. Looking it up I found alot of people end up the same yet it literally never says it's a side effect. People who write the side effects really need to notice people complaining about this obvious side effect.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm breathing in the steam from my lunch and it feels really good on my nasal passages, plus it smells good too
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Erik let me direct you to my stuffed nose and sore throat savior
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: 
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: This shit is good af for you
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Cause like its tea, so you can inhale the steam for your nose 
And it's super good for your throat
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ooooh
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'll pick some up after work and give it a whirl
Jess (whoozica): my boss wants me to get something done before he leaves but he doesn't even know what that something is yet...
Jess (whoozica): it also induces doing tasks that I dont know how to do since they are not part of my job. that he doesnt know how to do either.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Those are the *fun* tasks though.
Jess (whoozica): OH and of course he forgot that Im leaving half day tomorrow and wont be back till tuesday
Jess (whoozica): so now hes like in a rush.
Jess (whoozica): hes asking me how my ex coworker managed files, and what he had our other coworker doing and im just sitting here like 
"how tf would i know that"
Matt (mattmyers25): Wing it
Jess (whoozica): well he hasnt even told me officially he wants me to try so i have to wait for that or ill get in trouble
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Fucking cook too busy singing and dancing to actually start new orders. He did the 5 he had, waited till they’re done, then starts the next.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Think he has his *own speaker* competing with the rooms radio for valentines songs.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): A wheel just broke off my desk chair 😑
Matt (mattmyers25): Jesus took the wrong wheel
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Jess (whoozica): UHHHH I just heard my co worker say, "I take pictures of people I don't like and use them for target practice. If someone says something about I just say 'would you rather me shoot the picture or the actual person'"
Chris Onyx: What the /fuck/
Erik (Red Riot Thot): is this the dickhead that hates being married?
Jess (whoozica): YEA how did you guess?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I feel like he's your only co-worker
Jess (whoozica): everyone else i work with is quite, sept my bosses. my other coworkers are a 28 yr old girl who is v. agreeable and a 23 yr old guy who is quite and like ketchup on mac and cheese, but seems pretty normal
Jess (whoozica): then there are the basement bois who are p. average
Jess (whoozica): the basement bois listen tot he rwby soundtrack on a regular basis so they coo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): jess i thought you dead had 2 coworkers and your boss
Jess (whoozica): basically
Jess (whoozica): nah. we have like 15? employees
Jess (whoozica): but i can only hear mr. I Hate My Wife and Ketchup Boi from my desk
Anna (loud and likely blonde): which one is the old dude
Jess (whoozica): other girl is My Twin. her name is jess, we had the same college major, smae taste in music, same birthmonth, own the same car
Jess (whoozica): Mr. I hate My Wife is old and so is my boss
Jess (whoozica): my boss is like 80 and senile but dont try to tell him that
Jess (whoozica): I had another coworker who was my bestie but he got fired cuz my boss is a dick
Anna (loud and likely blonde): you have a weird workplace
Jess (whoozica): YEET
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we have two guys named larry now
Jess (whoozica): we have 2 Bill's and 3 Jess's
Matt (mattmyers25): Do any of them work on cable?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): after pablo quit (he did not get pink slipped as we thought) but. we got Lawrence. so now we have a Lawrence and a larry
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ugh i missed making that joke dammit
Jess (whoozica): we used to have 2 mikes, 2 larrys, and 2 daves. my boss is low key racist and pm only hires white people so we get alot of typical white people names
Matt (mattmyers25): ~~Sounds like my boss, but he only hired women~~
Jess (whoozica): oh my boss hates women  they "only care about gossip and doing their hair and makeup"
Jess (whoozica): meanwhile i dont even do my hair or makeup for work and barely talk to anyone all day here
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we got. Joe, Kevin, Larry #1, Larry #2, Gabby, Kate, Lisa, Johnny, Leah.... and then for an outlier Yuriy and Ellis.
Jess (whoozica): We have Bill, Mike, Dave, Janeen, Howard, Jessica, Jessica, Jesse, Shane, John, Bill, Linda, Sebastiano and some new kid i cant remeber his name
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so u also got generic names plus like 2 outliers
Jess (whoozica): nah i think its one outlier the other kids name is something generic i just cant remember
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i was counting Janeen and Sebastiano as the outliers lmao
Jess (whoozica): OOO ok yea Janeens kinda different not like the rest of us
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Meanwhile.
Gord.
Bill (me)
Vincent
Jing
Japneet
Chris
Mohanish

And it's get wilder if you include the IBMers.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Gord?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): side note that  list looks like my classmates in school lmao
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Gordan. It's apparently common in Canada.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ahhhh i see. is he Quebecois?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Toronto.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): darn i was one province off
Erik (Red Riot Thot): We've got Sergio, Yineth, Carmen, Jose, Luz, Victorio, Chi, Si, Hong, Gary, Erik, Shaun, Matt, Joel, Ricky, and a bunch of other people whose names I don't remember
Anna (loud and likely blonde): diversity is beautiful
Jess (whoozica): your work gets 10/10 on diversity, mine gets 1/10
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm the only white, male, american in my office!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): congrats u are the outlier
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I think Chris is a citizen though, so next year I won't be the only one who has to work from home on election day.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah we're pretty good with diversity. The owner is white but has an Asian wife ~~one of my Asian co-workers has reason to believe he's got an Asian fetish~~ and my other boss is from Chile
Matt (mattmyers25): So my mom has strep
Matt (mattmyers25): Great....
Anna (loud and likely blonde): quarentine yourself
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LYSOL SPRAY EVERYTHING
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): quarantine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): vitamin
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): C
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *thats spanish for vitamin yes*
Matt (mattmyers25): Oh I am. Apparently she had a tingling in her throat yesterday. And I had to drive her to the docs
Mark (Mad Doctor): *spray mother with Lysol*
"Sorry, mom. It's the only way to be sure."
Tom (tomukuncosplay): <@386874959009415170> you applied where I work right? Do you know what department?
Georgia (Something Sensible): department of sitting next to tom probably 😎
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Mechanics
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I applied for Mechanical Engineer I
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't think Erik would be in the same office as the meme team.
Jess (whoozica): I'm pretty sure they are allready violating a fire code with how  many people at in that closet
Tom (tomukuncosplay): That's not bad 👌 as long as it's not optics dept
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~the universe might implode if yall worked at the same company~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Eh. It survived Ashley joining them.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Erik'll never get work done though.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Because of my current work habits? Or because of the other people there?
Jess (whoozica): both
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 👌
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Honestly, the change of scenery would have me too scared to not work
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I only dick around here because I can get away with it
Jess (whoozica): mood
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Meanwhile I had a conversation with my boss about the validity of my skill set in the overall market, sparked by my bumbling around linkedin yesterday, without telling him why I was thinking about the holes in my skill set and oddity of the niche I fill.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm in a really weird role here. It's not a bad role, quite nice, but. If I were to leave I dunno if I'd fill either the full stack side or the data science sides. I'm just... the bridge, between those groups.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): goodbye mars rover
Mark (Mad Doctor): Took Audrey to the pediatrician today for a follow-up appointment. Realized I was in a gigantic petri dish filled with disease. Currently bathing in purel
Mark (Mad Doctor): 1) Found out that my wife's toxic boss of the past three years gave her two weeks notice to return to Texas
2) Decided to surprise wife with dinner if carnitas and margaritas
3) Accidentally poured rendered pork fat over the back of my hand while I was dealing fat from the meat
4) Mothafucka! Are those blisters?
5) At least I won't be wearing heavy gauntlets any time in the foreseeable future...crap
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Now you are the hound
Mark (Mad Doctor): My brother wonders why I try to beat the snot out of him each time I see him
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh yikes that sounds painful 😱 and return to Texas?? 😮
