Rebecca (madameterralupus): ... I had a shit ton of wig heads at some point and now I only have like one that isnt covered in dust and crap from my workshop... How?! Like I gave one up to Matt for his Qrow wig .-. but I had another... it jsut liked vanished after Katsu??? O.o
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I really dont want to have to take my Toph wig off the one I have in my room now but seems its gonna have to be that way ughhh. Rip Toph wig hopefully it stays okay
Marisa (Mawisa): How have we not cosplayed toph and katara yet 🤔 
Maybe your wig heads are playing hide and seek
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀 Well now we gotta.
And lol apparently so. Like I just wanna comb out my Blake wig. That's all I wanna do... Why are they all gone T_T wtfff
Marisa (Mawisa): Put wig on head and brush like princess
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ehh I would but I gotta get the underneath and back. My mobility sucks lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Can u stuffy stuffy the toph wig with like. Old t shirts or something for now?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that's a good idea 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mostly just need to keep the bun balanced and not getting smushed lol.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have one wig head so I feel ur struggle
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I've just put wigs on a lamp before too
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Don't do thst
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I'd have two if fucking Matthew would remember to bring his own when he asks me to style wigs >.> ~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): When the full name comes out it's serious
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I bid u good luck
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Whatever u do don't break into his house to steal it back
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao nah. I'll just make him owe me one at some point :P
And thank for the advice! I'll try that when I go to comb it out tomorrow
Matt (mattmyers25): You know I can read this right
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yep 😛
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hehe
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was waiting for you to appear LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wig headless brother T_T I am without a head for thy wig because Qrow needed it LOL
Marisa (Mawisa): shoot man someone's asking me a question but it's in japanese
bruh after midnight i can't even english, my thoughts are just like a children's picture book
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RIP
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I feel like that's my mind 24/7 though XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Espec this week... Like... I cant read for shit. I started to read a $27 transaction to a lady as $2... wtf
Marisa (Mawisa): omg that lady was probably real happy and then real crushed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I caught it quick but she was like wow $2 ! Even though knew it was wrong lol
Matt (mattmyers25): I have a job interview Monday at a defense contractor
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oh NICE
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): NOICE!
Matt (mattmyers25): BAE Systems
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm so frustrated the stupid systems we use for everything isn't working so I can't do shit right now. 

The one day I actually have shit to do it doesn't work
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i just deleted most of the cons this summer off of my google calendar. 
Im resigning myself to house hunting, and studying for the FE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): RTX and like one or two tiny cheap cons this summer until NYCC is all i can do
Marisa (Mawisa): studying for the fire emblem
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i wish that would be fun
Anna (loud and likely blonde): kill me its a 6 hour exam
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *better than the OSHA 30 hour course*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): good luck
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oops I forgot to join a conference call.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): catch me sewing while listening to FE review lectures.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its ur job to yell at me if i go 'hey lemme go to this con'
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I am a chronic enabler, no.
Georgia (Something Sensible): I assume FE is an academic thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): As a college gurl I will yell at u
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ok good. 
Yes it is the exam i need. to claim i am engineer.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but is intimidating and expensive and i didnt take it yet because we only got accredited in november and then im just lazy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): side note why is my con season literally the months no one considers con season all my faves are in either feb/march/april or sept/nov.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so i gotta . take it by november
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i gotta.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~but im an idiotttttt and gotta study~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m printing that out and putting it in my GRE book
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i wish i could agree with that but when I was in school one of our professors made fun of us for not being prepared a week in advance for our test... and in the same breath assigned us a ridiculous lab/homework that would be due before the exam
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~nothing beats the satisfaction you get from passing out after you stayed up for 2 days to study for your exam~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): lol wut.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 🎵  my professors were crazy
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh I meant satisfaction from studying.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I had a professor not accept a doctors note once... for a doctors appt leading up to my heart surgery... >.> Like alright guess I'll just die slowly sir. ~~I totally chewed him out the departments office.~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): one of them assigned a.... hang on...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 7.5 K paper.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): a 7.5K word paper
Rebecca (madameterralupus): .... O.o
Anna (loud and likely blonde): due the same time as our final
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What the fuck...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we 'knew about it' ahead of time and could have been researching it but like. also. werent given topics till kinda late. and. didnt tell us the requirements of FIFTEEN SOURCES and "AROUND" 7.5K WORDS TILL A LITTLE OVER A WEEK BEFORE THE FINAL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): SORRY 2 WEEKS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): literally told may 2nd.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): expected may 15th
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we bitched to head of department
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Gotta love some professors 🙃
Anna (loud and likely blonde): he then was upset we went to the head of dept instead of him
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like. 
yeah no sorry graduation is may 22nd im fuckign going to walker not u
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee I bitched to my department head about the professor who didnt take my docs note too. I was like I am sorry I have a major health issue I need fixed but like...?? I also told him ahead of time too but he kinda blew it off. Literally any other professor would accept it. I didnt want to go to the docs then but it was the only time we could get in and kidna need to...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Only professor I actually fully hate and gave lip to. Ever. He was quite the jackass to a LOT of students~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh nah like i wouldve thrown hands at ur prof
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like "SORRY IM TRYING TO NOT LITERALLY DIE IN THE MIDDLE OF CLASS*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I walked out the one time he gave me lip and my classmate said he got mad. I responded with "Good."
Anna (loud and likely blonde): good
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~o man i just rememberd i almost threw hands at my surveying prof cause he was like. giving us entirely different instructions than we had been given at the start of class~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was warned before not to take him as a professor but I needed the class and he was the only one avail T_T ... I learned my lesson. I avoid him at all costs now
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that stem life
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~we were surveying in basically the dark in the cold for 3 hours and i was mad he gave us such poor instructions we couldn't finish and like my friends sarah and tanya were like. we thought you were gonna actually fight him~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): The amount of training academics get in teaching and classroom management is zero. That's not hyperbole. It's just assumed they will pick it up, no matter what their skills and experience is
Mark (Mad Doctor): We got no training when I was teaching as a grad student, either
Anna (loud and likely blonde): F
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Rebecca i feel u cause my friend. Someone literally broke into his door room, started beating the shit out of him, his roommate had to beat the guy off with a stapler, the cops were called cause the guy ran.... friend had to get surgery and had a broken nose and wrist and missed a BME orgo exam because of it..... and the prof wouldnt let him retake the test
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O_o That story was a fucking trip. WHat the hellll
Georgia (Something Sensible): The grad student life is more wild than I thought
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Bruh some people have no care in the world when it comes to health related stuff. Like damn. Have a heart and some care. Shit happens and we cant control it... holy fuccckkk~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *bro some girl had a seizure in an orgo exam and the exam just. kept going. while the paramedics did her up and took her away*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yo wtf...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *dont send ur friends to stony brook*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~more reasons for me to hate humanity.. wow~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *constant patrols on top of the chem building bc they know students jump off of it*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O_O
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Big yike 😬 are they okay?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): no the chem building is 8 stories onto pavement on all sides its suicide to jump quite literally
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like literally.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): "hit me" is what ppl say when they see a bus coming
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Yikes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Holy shiitt
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh uh. not the greatest campus in terms of mental health
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Doesnt sound like it o.o oh my gosh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): non stem? you'll be fine. 
Stem major? they point out councilling services at orientation
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~and now i gotta go study again so i wanna just flip a table~~
