Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm ready for inventory to be over 😫 I've been folding and going through T-shirt a for 2 hrs now...
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Oof. Inventory is the worst. Hope you get through it soon.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The day I make sure I have my shit together to not wake up later than needed and miss this one class I have missed for the past... week and a half... (?) we don't need to go in cause the quiz is online.. WELP.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Client messaged me at 2am last night. *I... wasn't working then.*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): are they like, international? or could they just not wait until the morning?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Nope. It was just a status update.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And she's local.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ah gotcha
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If she's that worried about deadlines, she should tell me what those deadlines are so I can take them seriously...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But if you dodge my questions about those deadlines, I sure as hell ain't working stupid hours per week.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Outlook won't connect. Guess I can't send or receive any work-related emails today ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): lucky.
Mark (Mad Doctor): The number of students who need to talk with me after class is directly proportional to how badly I have to pee
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Handle it college professor style.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Leave anyway.
Mark (Mad Doctor): If they were just seeking attention and validation, I would, but these were all pretty relevant questions
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~is that what my professors thought about me~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So my boss told us all to shut down our computers doke he resets our servers and whatnot... but literally all of my work requires using a computer... so I guess I'm just not working today?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh never mind. Server's back up
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 4 seats between me and the next nearest person near me.... and you gotta sit right next to me >.< Whyyy... just let me hide in the far back corner like a hermit. I don't want others around meeee
Georgia (Something Sensible): _oh my god why do my roomies take such long showers_
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ve started taking 15 mins or less, they turned off the water 10 mins ago and haven’t come out
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like _yo the toilet is in there too_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Sounds like we're all having a great start to our Weds...~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): I have a midterm in an hour too oof
Jess (whoozica): I love when im asked to take a product photo for a product that we dont even have in the building right now cuz the sent the only one we had away for beta testing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): jess everytime you post about your job i just imagine you looking into the camera like youre on the office
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Same XD
Jess (whoozica): I pretty much am
Jess (whoozica): ~~when people leave my office, i flip them off or make weird faces in frustration~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): jess is on the office, confirmed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): new character approaches
Jess (whoozica): I had to explain who i cant print white onto black paper this morning... again
Erik (Red Riot Thot): shit, you really are on The Office
Jess (whoozica): i should... probably watch that
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's definitely something Michael would ask
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *"Just go get some white ink for your printer"*
Jess (whoozica): I also had to explain how light principles of color, and printing dont have the same rules? I hope he was kidding when he asked that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/the-office-michael-scott-steve-carell-explain-five-gif-5547850
Jess (whoozica): i almost handed him my "Print Production" textbook
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://i1.wp.com/gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/I-Understand-Nothing-Michael-Scott-The-Office.gif?fit=500%2C251&ssl=1
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://rayabel.com/images/blog/michael-scott-market.gif
Jess (whoozica): pretty sure my boss asked something like that once
Erik (Red Riot Thot): http://31.media.tumblr.com/d1c2c2503d4506b3211fa798a0856e1d/tumblr_nu6cik53yU1u81ir6o5_250.gif
Tom (tomukuncosplay): <@351471675843411978> WOAH you flip people off?
Jess (whoozica): yea but they dont see me
Jess (whoozica): is secret passive aggresive flipping off
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh I do that too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i flip off my entire store as i pass it on the road, mood~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I wonder if I have the video of my flipping off Rowan as I drove away at the end of grad school.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I don't think I can make that hand gesture
Jess (whoozica): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Jess (whoozica): ~~hes lying~~
Tom (tomukuncosplay): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I don't think I've ever flipped someine off seriously tho
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Too anxious they'll know
Jess (whoozica): is it "serious" if they dont see u
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I get scared flipping people off when driving
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so I usually secretly do it 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol damn...  I constantly flip people off for  stupid shit when driving. I haven't done so at work though. At least not current job.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay like

I hate oeiole that are like "Why is your x like this and not this way?"

Because I'm not a cartoon and my clothes do not abide by the laws of anime
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like... ????????
Jess (whoozica): that person is cancelled
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Who.... Cares????
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's not a big deal but it grinds my gears 

It's like when my friend got told her nose was wrong for the character she was cosplaying
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): why are they so...specific
Marisa (Mawisa): You can see eyes and mouth in the pic though can’t you?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I literally said after that "because that's the way the costume wanted to behave that day" XD
Jess (whoozica): "why did u not recreat this image exactly the way is it?! AHHHHH"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do people not know how hard it is sometimes to recreate a photo... it's never gonna be perfect... like damn calm down people
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I'm a potato what do you expect from me XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like we did the same photo and it's not perfect... Matt and I aren't posed correctly lol. People need to chill... it's a fucking photo. Like it, be nice and move on
Evie (Katheryne Knight): UM NOW THEY ARE ASKING ME TO SEE A LEGO ANIME AND PARTICIPATE IN ONE OF THEIR PROKECTS???
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): someone commented that my yang arm wasnt destroyed in the bee photo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and i was like
Evie (Katheryne Knight): like THATS WHAT PROVATE MESSAGE IS FOR???
Rebecca (madameterralupus): WTF is wrong with people...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@334090409389195266> OOF NO LIKE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "sorry fam but im not ruining my arm"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like its close enough
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who cares
Evie (Katheryne Knight): you're not gonna make a new arm that looks beat up for ONE photoshoot
Jess (whoozica): "make me one that is than"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Be like sorry I feel attacked by your rude comment. No thanks. And like heaaa... you're not gonna mess up your arm for ONE photo... DAMN
Jess (whoozica): damn people this isnt a matching game
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "yang doesnt wear her bracers all the time" ....i literally don't care. i spent time making them so im gonna wear the shit out of them
Rebecca (madameterralupus): People are too picky...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): people need to fucking relax
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its just cosplay, and it looks good the way it is, it doesnt need to be 100% perfect match to the show
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP
Like ya gonna complain how the costume falls on me bye.

I'm proud as fuck on how Summer turned out and I had too much fun with friends to care
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~your Summer came out so good~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wanna remake the cape but that's cause cotton is a bitch and wrinkles
Evie (Katheryne Knight): THANK
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 💓💓💓
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But yeah sorry I just had to vent
Mark (Mad Doctor): Dude has literally not cosplayed yet. How often have we seen critics who have zero clue about what we do?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Look at game critics half the time they can't play games
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Although <@!229713389511901185> even if he's clogging up your comments, that's still giving that post a boost because people are commenting on it lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Truuuuu also he doesn't seem to know what PMimg means soooo
Marisa (Mawisa): Omg how old is this guy
Marisa (Mawisa): He sounds like a kid but any kid would know what a pm is
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That's like half the reason I'm not going to take up an offer to be in their YouTube stuff. Also they have no portfolio.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Zeros2Heroes has a portfolio and he's a chill dude all around 

This guy?? Nothing. Has 4 insta posts.
Mark (Mad Doctor): *pretty sure no one over the age of 14 wants to cosplay Anakin Skywalker*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Unless it's Clone Wars Anakin
Mark (Mad Doctor): Good point.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The only acceptable incarnation of Anakin
Georgia (Something Sensible): Only THOTS would criticize cosplay like that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~but also fuck that guy~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i survived my site visits but im now enraged because of  that person being a perfectionist gatekeeper. gtfo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙃 I keep almost forgetting I agreed to a date on Saturday...
Jess (whoozica): DATE
Jess (whoozica): DATE?!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO yeaa... Honestly though I've gotten to a point where I don't care to date at the moment ~~kinda enjoying single life.~~ buuuttt I don't want to be an ass and back out now. Soo we'll give it a go...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): maybe you'll really hit it off!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who knows
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤷
Georgia (Something Sensible): DATE DATE DATE DATE
Georgia (Something Sensible): we need gilly suits
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wtf XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omfg yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://www.theghilliesuits.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/bullseye-ghillie-suit-woodland.jpg
Georgia (Something Sensible): BNE shows up like
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I feel bad that I don't really care to go anymore cause they're a nice dude but like lol... idk. I think I've just gotten used to being single now XD
Jess (whoozica): i read "they are nice dudes" and i was like "damn she got multiple dates"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh dear god nooo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you can def be open about that, and be like "idk if this will go anywhere but i'm just here for fun and to see how it goes"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): P much how I'm taking it. Like okay I'll go on this lunch date, catch up since we saw each other last, see what I think and go from there. Having to remind myself stupid enough... that, *I* am the decision maker in this of the end run lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so..... we can't show up in ghillie suits?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Can we please I have one somewhere
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I've been itching to purchase one y'all don't even KNOW
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Although my usual army surplus store is a lil far out rn
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bne just. Shows up to a con in ghillie suits for a day. No explanantion. Just ghillie suits
Anna (loud and likely blonde): We never explain or tell anyone else we're doing it. Theres no event.
Chris Onyx: Welcome to our con fam
Chris Onyx: Weve done that for 2 years now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol can we please do that Anna XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): goin chris' ghillie gang
