Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I forgot I went to wedding shows and signed up for somethings  interested in cause I just got an email from a company saying "I hope things are going well with the wedding planning." Umm... WELPPP~~
Jess (whoozica): OH NO
Jess (whoozica): unsubscribe
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *plans wedding photos for STRQ*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It was a personalized email too and I am just like weeellpppp 😬 ~~Just not gonna reply....~~
Jess (whoozica): they might just keep comming
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Probably cause apparently it was planned for June?? 🤷 I honestly forgot since not happening now. LOL.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Probs will get worse closer to... RIP my inbox...
Jess (whoozica): i regretted going to the wedding show cuz everyone there called and emailed me 900 times and i had to tell one that kept calling me "you cheapest package is $4000" my budget is $500 and they shut up real quick
Jess (whoozica): i mean in aregualr wedding planning timeline youd have allready chose most of your vendors by now so you might not get to many
Anna (loud and likely blonde): weddings seem super expensive like
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof. Yee it was nice to see venues and such but my mom had me sign up for a LOT to keep getting info and shit and now that's it's getting closer to the date it was to be apparently I know imma just get flooded and scream. Like no no. Please stop messaging me. Wedding cancelled. Move on to someone else's who is still happening lol
Jess (whoozica): depends which route you go honestly
Jess (whoozica): weddings can be 200 at the courthouse or a million dollars
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:valid:420824413592748032>
Jess (whoozica): yea idk i think theyre a little late if they start bombarding you now, even IF it was still happening
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My brother and sister in law got married in my living room XD
Cause she didn't want a big wedding since married before. And my brother wanted to save money for other things. ~~like the dogs lol~~
And truuuee. Cause usually stuff is planned like a year or six months in advanced. Lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if they call you pick up and say "no i cheated on him and eloped with my french lover stop calling me"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): "No not happening. THANK YOU NEXT"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i think one of the senior engineers *left*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like. for good.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oof. Just walked out?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yikes...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Idk apparently only one person was told that he was leaving and no one knows why
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Going to a competitor? With IBM's (utterly ridiculous) turn over rate I've seen a lot of people get walked out for going to a direct competitor.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we're private idk
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o nah he got booted
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o man
Anna (loud and likely blonde): well one person says he put in his 2 weeks
Anna (loud and likely blonde): another said booted
Jess (whoozica): at me job, people put in 2 weeks and then get fired cuz my boss is a whiny pissbaby
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i wanna say that he did something and was told he should probs leave so its not on his record as fierd
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but he gone
Jess (whoozica): rest in peace dude
Jess (whoozica): hell is listening to coworkers use the same piece of small talk 45 times in one day on the phone
Marisa (Mawisa): Oh no the script you develop for customers 😱 
I usually only saw some students once a week so I’d change my question each week and once I was busted when a student booked twice a week and I asked the same question
Jess (whoozica): ooo nooo
Jess (whoozica): ive heard "Chicago is going to experience a 70 degree temperature difference this week" like 5 times already
Marisa (Mawisa): She was cool though and luckily I remembered her answer. It was summer so my question at the time was “do you have any plans for a summer vacation?” and she was very classy so she was going to some small town in Italy to view the house of her favorite renaissance composer or such
Marisa (Mawisa): Start a counter and do 10 push-ups each time they say it. You’ll be ripped.
Jess (whoozica): damn
Jess (whoozica): O YEA good idea but then ill get in trouble
Marisa (Mawisa): It’s fine you’ll be ripped enough to intimidate and fight anyone who could get you in trouble
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@351471675843411978> you're not alone
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Jess (whoozica): OMG
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what the hell
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): weird fetish but ok
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Weird flex but okay....
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is this a new fetish? Pig fetish??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🐷
Jess (whoozica): i think so
Jess (whoozica): i just didnt answer XD
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Wack <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Jess (whoozica): super wack
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Extremely wack
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://giphy.com/gifs/mrw-series-sister-HopqBdNTvB55e
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/wackaflocka-gif-7684829
Evie (Katheryne Knight): O o f
Georgia (Something Sensible): Drop everything, I’m being Pig Pyrrha for Katsu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ummm... what???
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *russia*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They found you
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😱
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): https://media.tenor.com/images/f90e2cbb432486eb7c67f786f33f3925/tenor.gif
Georgia (Something Sensible): Today’s the day that commemorates the passing of Monty Oum
Georgia (Something Sensible): In honor of him, everyone pursue your passions and be creative today
Georgia (Something Sensible): YOU GET THAT CREATIVE BREAD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fourth anniversary of his passing right?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I believe so yes
Matt (mattmyers25): I remember I was in college when he passed
Matt (mattmyers25): So that was 2015
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm actually thinking of starting a book. I described the plot to Audrey, and she thought it was cool, so here goes:
It's a heist caper, set in a fictional middle ages during the Black Death. A man travels the countryside recruiting specialists to break into the most secure place imaginable: Hell, as described by Dante. The goal: to free Lucifer and to seek his aid in ending the Plague. They believe that the devil has been maligned by a thousand years of church dogma. What they find defies all their expectations...
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oooooo that does sound cool!
Jamie (Jamie): Oooh sounds intriguing 😯
