Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay that's cool.

Invite Chris over for a DnD session to test out his character but don't invite me because I'm asleep. Like you could have said in a message. "Hey over at neighbors house for D&D you're welcome to come over"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But no
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm left out
Evie (Katheryne Knight): As usual
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): =/
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Sorry I just...

This irks and upsets me to no end
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh no im pissed for you  thats so stupid???
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~like if its guys night or something just say it~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I would be pretty upset too
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I feel like I'm overreacting but it also makes me think my friends only like me because I'm my roommates friend
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wouldn't be shocked honestly
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Don't apologize, you justified.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If you're part of the group and they just didn't message you that low.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): > Buys stuff to attach white pieces to Deku jacket
> Needs to wash it cause dirty from workshop dust since was in sell storage
> Realizes the stuff I got to attach it is water soluble...
> Had already attached pieces before washing before seeing statement
FUUUUUU
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hopefully they stay on >.<
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Did you put it on delicate? It'll prob stay on but not well ;-;
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I haven't washed it yet. Usually always do my costume stuff on delicate anyways. But like wtf?? It's stuff for fabric to permanently hold shit and like...?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was so confused when I read that on it. Like uhhh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yet... looking at it on the site it says machine washable. O.o
Rebecca (madameterralupus): NANI... Idk. Maybe it's water soluble on things that aren't fabric just was worded weird. We shall see when I wash it tomorrow. LOL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bizzare. It sounds like it's water based not water soluble but like. Still put it on delicate then
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Does it say just "water soluble" or "water soluble until dry"?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think it just said water soluble but can't recall. I will look again when I go into the basement in a bit
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay yea it says until dry. So I should be good then. Phew
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Why is gas 2.60 a gallon up here
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's like 2.65 here :/
Marisa (Mawisa): it's 3:08 here
Georgia (Something Sensible): 2.40 here? Goddamn
Georgia (Something Sensible): It was 2.20 like last month
Marisa (Mawisa): it was 2:20 about an hour and three minutes ago
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My area is like 2.59-ish
Erik (Red Riot Thot): NJ gas is cheap as frick
Marisa (Mawisa): it's because we pump our fists not our gas <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~its like 2.30 in centereach I just wasn't driving over to CT to get gas~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I've been in three states this week
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My poor car
