Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think imma send an email to MU bitching about the fact they fucked me over even worse this semester...
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Yes and bring a copy to the dean of students
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So like the other week I got an email saying I was on academia probation cause my gpa was low. So they dropped me from my one class I signed up for. Well Friday I got  letter saying they made a mistake and I actually wasnt... Welp. Now that class I was in is now full/closed. Like I am already having a hard time finding classes I need/can take cause everything I closed. And then they fucked me over with this... Like thanks for giving me the option to take 18 credits this semester but uhhh... I'm not even finding anything I need to take normal 15 sooo. Fuck you MU...
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Yeah no take all your evidence and go and be like y'all fucked me over and now I can't graduate when I need to. Like starting from the advisor up to including the email and letter and be like is this how you treat your students?
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Like print outs
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea Im pretty fed up and gonna bitch. Might get my mom in it too cause I've noticed a lot of times they ignore students unless a parent is involved somehow...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like this is really stressing me out. Everything but like 1 class I am taking this semester is for just credits... Not really major requirement or needed as a gen ed on degree audit
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah, what Anna said. They screwed up and it's going to cost you time, money, and stress. It's on them to make it right. And, yes, use every tool you have in the arsenal: parents, tears, even the threat of litigation.
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: And If that's the case and you need major credits for financial aid or something use that as leverage
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I do not want to go into work today. I swear if this one guy comes back I'm going to just drop my job. I can't do this crap anymore.
Jamie (Jamie): why the fuck does a place need to know where i have lived for the last 10 fucking years like i barely remember all those addresses and hell  less than 10 years i was in high school still
Jamie (Jamie): WTF is wrong with these retail places wanting to know stupid in depth information
Jamie (Jamie): like if they're gonna decide my work ability based on that 5 years ago i was jumping and lived in 3 different states in the span of a year they can go f themselves
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: wtf
Jamie (Jamie): i know its prolly related to background checks but uh thats what the background check is for and you can confirm with me later f off
Jamie (Jamie): like i barely remember what the address at the last house was
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: just leave it out honestly
Jamie (Jamie): I honestly might but was gonna give them 3 of the like 8 addresses i've had since high school
Jamie (Jamie): FUCK YEA
Jamie (Jamie): okay that address thing was BS but within like 10 minutes of finishing the petsmart application i got a call and now have an interview monday at noon
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Nice!!!
Jamie (Jamie): i mean its king of prussia but thats also where my school is starting the tenth so just means can work til later
Jamie (Jamie): its a position as a bather/ groomer in taining
Jamie (Jamie): *training
Jamie (Jamie): which is fun cause if land the job then at some point potentially doing 2 different schools at the same time since they do like a 4-6 week paid course for grooming after working for awhile
Jamie (Jamie): I think i deserve some pancakes now and some office binging
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: nice and yes u do
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: my friend arielle does dog training at petco too she says its fun
Jamie (Jamie): nice, good to know too. plus this extra certification would make for a great pairing to have as a second source of income period once i start working as a massage therapist
