Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>  I don't have to go to any classes tomorrow wwoooo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cause they all start before 10am
Mark (Mad Doctor): Got a two hour delay too. 🛌🛌🛌
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jamie (Jamie): I mean 7 am is gonna be 0 degrees so that fun an hour before my work. ~~though not really sure if im needed tomorrow anyway?~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I could get my Dad to drop me off at the train station tomorrow... or I can not get my car up the drive way and be on my third snow day at work.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Being able to work just as well from home is... interesting.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Awesome.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): A wind chill and wind advisory
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also carpal tunnel and what I swear is nerve damage fucking hell this hurts so much and I can't pick up tiny objects
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I want functioning hands pls
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): If cops could stop pulling people over directly outside my window every night this week that would be nice, thanks 🙃
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes D:
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): My window faces the highway so it's not uncommon for cops to pull people over right in my view. But it's been happening almost every night now this week. The strobes are annoying. Thankfully I don't have work early tomorrow.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They are probs sitting on that stretch, catching people
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Gotta make that monthly end lol
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Most likely. ~~just wish it didn't inconvenience me~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee I feel that :\
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hopefully ya can get some rest and it doesn't bother ya to much. Or they continue any longer and stop within the next few days ~~or even today~~
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Strobes also set off my anxiety. Like I get terried if I see them behind me on the road despite not being pulled over in like 3 years. And thanks, I hope I can actually sleep instead of being awake till 2am
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww 😦 I am sorry. Could you maybe hang up a blankey or soemthing to block them from coming through?
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Yeah I'ma try to pull the curtains and hit the hay best I can. Need to actually make progress on my Katsucrunch tomorrow.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm! I feel that. I planto do the same now that I don't have classes
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Here's to making progress tomorrow 😤
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The AC is on in the train car.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): -5.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): w h a t
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yea it's negative 1 where I live
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My roommate is off since she is a teacher.

I still have to go to work. -___-
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also the train is crawling and if they cancel the train and let me off two stops from my car and 15 from my office imma CUT a bitch.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Irrational, a little bit. But a fear.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Even with the mental health day I kinda still feel like garbage, but I can't take another. 

Yikes. Yeah hopefully it doesn't come to that.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Better not.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): NJT is a fucking mess tho.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But I did my WFH day Monday, got snowed in Tuesday and Wednesday, and we WFH Friday. If I’m going to see anyone I work with this week it’s today.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yikes. I just hope I can get to work safely. It's super icy in the neighborhood.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's currently -3 here. My sister is also off teaching today
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 3 days off.... during Catholic Schools Week... when they had shortened classes to begin with because of different activities...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *take it back no I don't like this*
Jamie (Jamie): Get to work and sean says i he wasnt expecti g me for the rest of the week cause boss said I wasnt needed since really slow work... I could have slept in what the heck
Jamie (Jamie): Also rip my pay if this is the case
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You're there, they should pay you.
Jess (whoozica): did they make you go home?
Jamie (Jamie): Not yet but ryan isnt in yet nor has responded to my text so for now im working and seeing what happens. Its definitely slow though so wont be surprised if i leave at lunch or early depending when i finish cleaning screens
Anna (loud and likely blonde): maybe its a deep clean everything day?
Jamie (Jamie): From the sounds of it i might be going oh fuck on having spare money for katsu oof
Jamie (Jamie): Maybe but honestly not alot to deep clean and i coyld do bathrooms but do i really want to? We'll see maybe I'll use that as a way to come to work next week for a day
Jamie (Jamie): I'll know more once i actually can talk to ryan about it
Jamie (Jamie): But he said next 2 weeks are looking extremely slow so rip me and my bills
Jamie (Jamie): Aaand was just told working a half day is fine today so 😒
Jamie (Jamie): Anyone need temp employee for a week or 2 xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I love being in these RWBY groups to see fanart but damn I might be leaving a binch of them cause I am just tired of seeing nothing but complaints...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): On facebook that is
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fb groups are a wildcard i dipped from a rwby group when someone was being a pedophile apologist
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Mm, I like scrolling the reddit occasionally but that about it.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): pinterest is a nightmare bc no one credits jack.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just keep seeing people complain about stuff being forced, team rwby being the bad guys, how they dont like this and that... NOTHING postive
Anna (loud and likely blonde): honestly twitter is good for rwby art?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pixiv! I'mma getting more into Pixiv.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaa twitters currently been my go to place. ANd it's more positive
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FB is a cesspool of idiotic RWBY fans
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The message I jsut read that I was like I had *enough*
 "Adam's death was bullshit. They made him out to be this abusive ex bf which he was never was. Even Blake herself never said anything about Adam doing anything abusive when they were in the white Fang together. Yang says "did she say that to you or the person you were pretending to be?" PRETENDING? Are you serious? He turned crazy gradually he never pretended to be someone else. Team rwby attacking Cordovan and the military forces and destroying the one thing Argus had against the grimm and Cordovan is the bad guy here? How? They're stooping to the level of criminals like Torchwick and Cinder for pulling this stunt they just did but it's okay because they're the good guys.
I'm extremely disappointed."
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like these people are just so negative... there was a LOT of good things this season but like okay guess we'll only focus on the negative >.< I'm like damn... I'm outtie
Anna (loud and likely blonde): theyre deluded
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Me rn
I have a mighty need for this day to be over
Mark (Mad Doctor): "I hate this series so much that I will continue to watch it in order to make other people miserable with my ranting." Annnnd that's why I steer clear of online fan communities
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Why patients gotta be so uppity when A). They are an emergency so we've thrown you in the mix and told you the wait time is going to be at least an hour and B).  Then start waiting out in the hallway saying I have somewhere to be!  Like who fucking doesn't!?!
Jess (whoozica): "I have somewhere to be" "guess its not an emergency then"
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): E fucking xactly
Rebecca (madameterralupus): People are dumb...
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Oh it's even better when they tell you they need to be somewhere when they never mentioned it before, then you getting talked to about making sure patients get out on time 🙃
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeesh :\
Jess (whoozica): WTFFF
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): big yikes, you have to have so much patience to work with patients
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I see what you did there*
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): But the patients have no patience
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Especially the older ones
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~they have limited time left of their life~~
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): They just get mad and huffy and suplex you into the ground with passive aggressiveness
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~that might be comforting for you, they gonna die soon~~
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): But not so soon that we gotta call the amberlamps
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ah shit my sql application crashed.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): These queries take 15 minutes to run, I don't got time to start over.
Jess (whoozica): Uuuuuhhhh Soo my coworker goes home at 2-3 and my kind of automatic response to I'm "I'm going home" is "oh take me too" meaning I wanna go home also but then he answered with "I'll take you home anytime you want" and I was like 😬
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ew
Jess (whoozica): So I was like " ohhhh don't think that would go over well" ( meaning with my boss, still trying to be like I wanna go home not go home with you) and he's like "what with your husband?"
Jess (whoozica): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh My GOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): why some men like *that*
Jess (whoozica): I don't know <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jess (whoozica): He's also like 68?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof, it still stands
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): older men seem to be ...grosser
Jess (whoozica): Yea.. alot of them tend to not realise that that way if talking is outdated and uncomfortable
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is this the same person as the wife hater? or is this a different one
Jess (whoozica): Same
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Just say "I only go home with people who respect marriage"*
Jess (whoozica): ~~more like repsect me~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Both losing battles with this guy~~
Jess (whoozica): Ugh
Jess (whoozica): So then I was like "no I mean I want to go HOMR not home with you"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oof
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): *dies from old man cringe*
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 💀💀💀
Marisa (Mawisa): I like to imagine you were updating discord while having the conversation with him
Marisa (Mawisa): So there would just be pauses while you typed and then you’d respond to him again
Marisa (Mawisa): Were you doing that
Jess (whoozica): no lmao XD
Marisa (Mawisa): dang
Jess (whoozica): i told you guys after
Marisa (Mawisa): There’s always next time
Jess (whoozica): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Mark (Mad Doctor): Late to conversation, but <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): When you're inspecting wires and one is fucked up but they accidentally made an extra so you don't have to have them make another one <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Bright spot to the day a patient brought in homemade chocolate chip cookies and they were crispy and wonderful 😭
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just received a roll of EVA foam in the mail. I can't remember ordering it. I have no pending projects that require it. I'm going mad, I guess
Jess (whoozica): Merry crimmas to you
