Jamie (Jamie): i'm so glad decided not to join jason and ppl to his mums family thing. like they left and they somehow had jason in actual jeans.
Jamie (Jamie): not my wanting to deal with today, specially when my throat is sandpaper
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351> Whaaaaa
Jamie (Jamie): yea cause i repeat his mum i am positive highly dislikes his pants he usually wears
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol bruh... his mom need to chill lol. Like let the man do what he wants
Jamie (Jamie): her side fam is same way of need to be like posh proper
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahh what fun .-.
Jamie (Jamie): hence i avoid, i've met them and all but not choosing the sit in stuffy house with openly judgey types when i just wanna be in a big comfy sweater lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol a mood. I know me ex's grandmothers (both) was one of those must be prim and proper people. It was annoying. I too was like lemme just be lazy and spend time with family bruh XD His mom was a bit the same but could get away with shit XD
Jamie (Jamie): good news tho my honey-coffee is doing the magic thing and throat not feel so much like sandpaper and death
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh honey coffee sounds good
Jamie (Jamie): its like honey tea but uh prolly less helpful idk but it works
Jamie (Jamie): https://tenor.com/view/coffee-time-coffee-to-the-rescue-coffee-adulting-mornings-gif-7960266
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: Why is it always the subway car I'm on that has someone get on and play live music. 
Like I'm impressed this guy has a stool and is playing drums on a moving subway car but ITS NEXT TO MY HEAD.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaaa it's cool to see that stuff but always pretty loud which gives me a headache when I've come across it >.<
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: I forget going to Grand Central is just dodging ppl who don't know train station etiquette which granted used to be me but. Don't stop on the middle of the stairs for photos as trains let out
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: N my dad is yelling at me for having a phone wallet and it not being deep enough in my pocket. 
U know what. U can have an opinion when you make women's pants have enough pocket space
Jamie (Jamie): So my day is going great went to leave for my mums and gad a flat tire
Jamie (Jamie): *had
Jamie (Jamie): Well on one note guess this means i get to work on my classy nsfw bees drawing
