Georgia (Something Sensible): I don’t tend to get political too often but the US just pulled out of the INF treaty
Georgia (Something Sensible): I literally wrote an essay talking about how influential that treaty was in preventing nuclear war last year
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like _damn_
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Which treaty is that 

We need to just throw out the whole country
Jamie (Jamie): <:imdyingsquirtle:378261448838610944> <:imdyingsquirtle:378261448838610944> <:imdyingsquirtle:378261448838610944>
Jess (whoozica): 🤦ugh...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *god damn it not another MLM*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Y i k e s
Jamie (Jamie): Anti vaxxers strike again: Delaware county elementary school has students diognosed with fucking *mumps*
Jamie (Jamie): Wonder if ppl will learn or continue to be ignorant if robello (spell check) comes back as well
Marisa (Mawisa): rubella? that's already making a comeback, there's news of a potential outbreak in detroit
Mark (Mad Doctor): Wow, my wife just told me that her mom took her to a mumps party when she was a kid, thinking it was just as good as a vaccination. She got mumps. My mother in law is still kind of that way
Marisa (Mawisa): tfw u get mumps from a mumps party <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Mark (Mad Doctor): Who could have predicted? Apart from everyone with sense, that is
Jamie (Jamie): Oh my goodness overheard a lady in joannes at the cutting table she bought a roll of fabric brought it back to return it but with the intent to buy it back roght away using a 20% off coupon 🙄 like really? I get it save money blah blah blah but really??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are you even allowed to return fabric already cut?? O.o Cause I feel ya wouldnt
Jamie (Jamie): Like it wasnt cut apparently?? She was being very firm about how its exactly as she left the store with it. It was a whole roll bolt of the fabric
Jamie (Jamie): I need coupons for walmart and todays purchase of needed mordern day chest corsets. They cheaper than other places but still (i also know they'll die faster too)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O.o huh... weird. I mean we do that at my store we can return an item and ring it back out w/ a coupon if you forgot (but it's annoying.) 
And if ya need coupons for online things i suggest installing honey on ya computer~ It'll search for coupon codes~
Mark (Mad Doctor): I've got the Joannes app installed.  Saves me the trouble of having to remember coupons
Jamie (Jamie): Yea thats what i used today since i remembered I had that and it had some good ones today
