Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm seeing my friend who's moving to LA in like a week for the last time until who knows when
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ;-;
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'mma miss her
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): anyone else have a quarterlife crisis over a random member of the monkees dying at 77
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because whoooooo boy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): anxiety  is happening
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A member of the Monkees died? 😮
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): humans do not have a long life span
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i need to do more
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): before i get too old
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): dhjfldsgaflhsa
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Oof
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Time to think about life rip
Jess (whoozica): mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im legit having a panic attack over peter tork dying young
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like i just had a breakdown
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😭 Awwww
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SORRY FAM NEEDED TO SHARE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cause big fucking yikes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's all good. We gotchu ❤
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Oh noooooooo 😭
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): * giant bear hug *
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *~sending love and good vibes~*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thanks 😭
ZombieHunter: My mom is moving into our basement
ZombieHunter: I need some serious like. Idk what to do guys.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Well starting today off great. Headache I had yesterday is back but worse than when I went to bed. Messing up vision and making me feel sick .~.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I did the math I spent $70 on tolls for katsucon. RIP. 
Glad i spent no money in the dealers hall
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh shit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): had to look at my EZpass to do an expense report for work oops.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I FOUND ONE OF THE THINGS THE HEALTH DEPT WAS BITCHING ABOUT. 2.4 INCHES. THEY BITCHING ABOUT SOMETHING BEING 2.4 INCHES TOO HIGH IN AN OPEN FIELD
Jamie (Jamie): So actually able to work today but its literally just so i could come in, its still dead jim
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I have to go to a trade show in Hershey today, but I'd honestly rather drown in Chocolate than be there all day
Jess (whoozica): do it, let your chocolate dreams come tru
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh... oh no.

My boss.... just decided to put on a trump supporter talk radio station
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And we still have over an hour drive
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh goodie...
Jess (whoozica): OH NO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): pls tell me you got headphones
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Nope
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ahhahahahaaa
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i am sorry frien
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If I jump out of the car at 80mph what is the chances of me surviving?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Cause I'll just start walking back home
Jess (whoozica): hmm would not reccomend
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok so if you have to
jump away from the car at like a 45 degree angle so that its like against the direction the car is moving
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~dont ask why i know how to jump out of a moving vehicle~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and try to land in a roll\
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So one of our customers is complaining that connectors from an assembly we sent them over a year ago are broken. We've had so many issues with this stupid fucking plug because it's a larger cable with a stiff rubber gasket on it so when we tighten the cable clamp, they have a tendency of breaking because of the stress being applied from the compressed rubber. We've literally tried everything and we're torquing everything to the minimum value stated by the manufacturer of the plug and they keep breaking. Now the customer is blaming it on us over torquing a nylon screw (which we do by hand instead of with an electric screwdriver because nylon is soft and we don't want to strip it)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You're going to Hershey?? I'll come kidnap and save you lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's just frustrating because it's clearly a manufacturer defect because they're probably using cheap plastic
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And we keep doing corrective actions to try to solve the problem but there's like, nothing more we can do
Anna (loud and likely blonde): you probs cant tell them to complain to the manufacturer either -_-
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think we've tried contacting the manufacturer about it. Dunno really what happened with that because that was our quality guy's job who's since been fired
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but like... this was all... over a year ago... and they're bringing it up now
Erik (Red Riot Thot): clearly they're breaking over time, otherwise we would have heard about it a year ago when they received them
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): So I'm honestly really bummed out and not sure what to do...
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I had a group cosplay planned for Zenkaikon but 2 of the people in the group of 4 apparently completely forgot I existed and asked someone else to fill the cosplay I was supposed to do.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> Wtf. That really sucks... Have you spoke to them that you are still interested and if you can still be that chara for the group? Or maybe use both you and the other person and just swap out in photos?
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I haven't approach either of them yet. I think the whole mess started because there's been no organized group chat or anything. But I'm honestly not sure how to deal with this because I don't want to cause drama. I still want to do the cosplay, but another part of me doesn't want to even do it anymore because I don't want to be the "extra".
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Like we had been talking about it for a few months so I didn't think it was possible to forget?
Jess (whoozica): oh no! Im so sorry to hear that 😦
Jess (whoozica): are you friends with the person or not really?
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): That's the thing. I'm friends with all the people who were originally part of the planned group. But the person they asked is one of their girlfriends. So like I feel pretty hurt but at the same time I don't really want to cause a huge mess
Jess (whoozica): What the heckie
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaaa I totally understand your feelings on that. :\ Sucks there hasn't been organization on it. That always seems to cause mess. And oof, yea... That's really rough. I'd say maybe talk to one of them about it and see what they say. Just carefully message them and say hey I saw you put so and so as this character, I thought I was to be them? Just simply ask in a nice way maybe?
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Yeah that sounds like a sensible plan. I think I'm just going to let things sink in before I say anything. I don't want to get too emotional.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm. I'd talk to them about it though. You can also still do the chara on your own and get some awesome pics I am sure if worse comes to worse.  But I hope you get it all sorted out and can still be a part of the group as originally planned ❤
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Thanks so much for the support. I'll keep y'all posted on what happens
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Funny thing is I saw the gf post a wig in her story the other day and I was like, "Huh I wonder... Nah it couldn't be." 
I hate when my paranoia is right
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What's the group cosplay of if you don't mind me asking? 😮
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): K/DA
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh coolio 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Trying to get a week and a half off from work for vacation should be fun 🙃
Matt (mattmyers25): Whys that?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cause we taking a week and a half vacay to Tennessee in June
Jamie (Jamie): Sounds tons of fun, and then me who is planning either gice me time off or fire me dont care for the 2 1/2 week vacay im having in early June lol regardless who im working for honestly ~~what do you mean bad faulting method~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Where you going in early June for that long? 😮
Jamie (Jamie): Road trip going amusement park hopping. Im calling it the roller coaster trip
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh kinda like what y'all did last year? Just bunched together more?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that sounds like an incredible road trip pls take many pictures
Jamie (Jamie): Yea pretty much and i plan ton actually gonna redo my photog insta and turn it into a coaster enthusiast one to post about all things coaster and amusement park related
