Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am going to fucking scream. Amazon keeps saying my payment for my textbooks was declined?! I have tried two different cards! The one is my moms and we know it has money on it. I jsut need my damned bookkkkkssss 💢
Matt (mattmyers25): Um, that is weird. It could be on there end
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am trying with my card now. If it declines again my ass is sure as hell calling Amazon tomorrow and ripping them a fucking new one
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like I ordered pants yesterday and everything is fine. They shipped already. Sooo...?? Doesnt seem to be my account but the card I tried before mine should have worked. Even my mom said so but it was like NOPE
Matt (mattmyers25): Are the books available?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Did you max out your cards?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 1. yes everything i need is avail. Not the issue. It's payment
2. First card I tried probs cause it was credit. Second no, cause debit and it has more than I need on it. Sooo idk.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Gonna see if it declines again after using my card. If it does I am calling and complaining.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Which of course it should have taken my moms card cause enough in account... where as mine doesnt sooo 🤷
Anna (Cadmium): Does ur card have a limit per transaction?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nope
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Seems to be okay so far sooo idk what the hell the issue was...
Anna (Cadmium): Weird. Call your bank it might be them
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I thought maybe it was cause diff name o card than account but its not that cause dad has his card tied to mine sooo idk. Weird shit. Hopefully i dont get another email and it goes through now. SO far so good... *fingers crossed*
Anna (Cadmium): One time our cards kept getting declined trying to buy flooring bc. They just had fraud in that area and were blocking locations
Anna (Cadmium): Uhhhhh check your mailing vs billing address actually
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I did. They the same. And hmm weird, dont think thatd be the issue though with Amazon
Anna (Cadmium): Might be the seller then
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤷
Anna (Cadmium): Call bank and then amazon would suggest
Anna (Cadmium): Cause the bank can tell you why your card keeps getting declined like. What the error is
Anna (Cadmium): Maybe they just keep flagging it as a suspicious purchase
Rebecca (madameterralupus): As long as it goes through and I dont get another declined email ill be fine. If it does though i for sure am calling lol. Cause yikes... like seriously?
Matt (mattmyers25): They would of allowed it to go through and then call you. My bank does that
Anna (Cadmium): Like. Lemme get my damn overly expensive books
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My card should deff work though and not decline since jsut used it yesterday to buy pants from amazon soo
Anna (Cadmium): Lol mine just. Blocks some doesn't block others
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ANd right?? Im like fuck... i needed these books like.. today bu.t nooooo D:
Anna (Cadmium): Like. Insult to injury
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.facebook.com/groups/katsucon2017photos/permalink/2292910957657834/ ~~this belongs here not announcements~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Petition about brown ranger.
ZombieHunter: Idk that is a semi announcement for all to sign IMO
Anna (Cadmium): Pls tell me how 3 grown adults can't  figure out how to use the air pump at  quick check
Anna (Cadmium): I literally just wanna fill my one tire
ZombieHunter: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): It's cause quikchek pumps are real odd
Anna (Cadmium): The instructions are on the pump. They're. They're right on the pump 
Like. Set ur pressure stop when beep
Anna (Cadmium): I made it to the gym but I'm so out of shape fml
Rebecca (madameterralupus): First world problem but: ugh my room is too small to fit all my shit. I can never get it to look organized cause I don't have space for stuff 😭
Mark (Mad Doctor): I hear you. Cosplay is not a hobby well suited to small houses. I just got my stuff for Katsu together, and it fills three large storage bins (minus swords and spears). Then there's Audrey's stuff, including those wildly impractical iron spider legs. And, oh, yeah, we need suitcases and room munchies and...
Anna (Cadmium): Honestly like. If I go to a small place I'm getting a damn storage unit
Anna (Cadmium): Like if I move
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My house is fairly big but I got a dinky ass room 😩 I have figures crammed ontop of other things, all my costumes are crammed in a tiny closet. I ain't got no space for extra storage or neatly showcasing things. RIP.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm like cleaning up today and don't know where to go with half my stuff xD (part of it is in my brothers old room shoved in a closet..)
Anna (Cadmium): Mooooooood. Tryna put everything together in one place is impossible
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Deff. And I've thought of ways to make better lay out but idk how much longer I'll be living at home, and don't know if parents will be cool with it 🤷🏻‍♀️
