Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lol a guy commentednon <@245270932602486784> s insta post and asked what kinda car it is and I low key wanna tell him but don't wanna be a know it all <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): do ittt
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): be like, "can confirm, it is a [blank]"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "a cool car"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He got right mostly it's a Chevy Camaro SS
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Jess are you cosplaying Nejire because it would be really funny to have Nejire, Tamaki, and like, the top of a mannequin head sticking out of the ground to be Mirio
Elfriede (Tom): Lmaoooo
Elfriede (Tom): Jess said she wanted to at least but she wants to do kinda first
Total Nok-out (Marisa): There was a Tokyo ghoul cosplayer who carried around a bundle of blankets with a wig sticking out and it was a really convincing fake corpse for just being blankets and a wig
Bill: Marisa cardboard cut cosplaying Mirio.
Bill: Are you caught up on the manga Tom?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Don’t even need cardboard cutout just the scalp of a wig head
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~im caught up on the manga~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Kind of sick of the current arc
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I wanna do nejire too, after mina. But that wig scares me
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Just like making homestuck horns and furry ears combined
Total Nok-out (Marisa): If you do the spirals
Bill: I’ll get to the manga soonish. I’m just curious if Tom is cosplaying him based on his one episode appearance.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yes, he us
Total Nok-out (Marisa): omg he’s only been in one episode so far? I can’t wait for future episodes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He really wanted to do a BNHA cosplay but couldn't see himself as any of the characters
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Do you know how far the anime is going in season three
Total Nok-out (Marisa): It’s been airing for some time so I can’t see them fitting in the whole stain arc. Or can they
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Season three is over now right?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Oh is it
I’m really far behind on anime this year :rips
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I can keep up with manga but no time for anime
Bill: Chapter 121 is the end of season 3 according to the wiki. Mirio’s fight with the class.
Elfriede (Tom): **powah**
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I love mirio he is Good
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Too Good
Total Nok-out (Marisa): *mirio*
Total Nok-out (Marisa): He’s on the cover of a recent volume it’s really nice
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah he's great so far 👌
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Season four gonna be good I hope they get the festival arc in too
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Bring in two more Good characters
Total Nok-out (Marisa): my camera sucks but when i return i'm doing photoshoots again :3c
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i'll be the B photographer, like b-rated horror movies. that's how that works i think.
Bill: I'm okay with Marisa taking my place, I can die happy
Bill: You can use one of the half dozen spares I have!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): how am i taking your place, i've been shootin' for years
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ur the Photo Guy™
Total Nok-out (Marisa): u have a website nothing can replace u
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i can be your shadow. taking all the same images except from slightly off to the side and highly saturated
Bill: ~~I'm just going to be replaced and die alone~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): we'll get you a cat and kill any of your doubles
Total Nok-out (Marisa): if u die make sure u have the present i bought for you that i haven't given u yet
Total Nok-out (Marisa): but try not to die
Total Nok-out (Marisa): that would suck
Total Nok-out (Marisa): have you ever considered cosplaying the anti-piracy video guy
Bill: It'd be ironic considering.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): *considering what biru*
Bill: I’ve been torrenting since I was in 8th grade?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): PIRATE KING
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): actually that would work because the camera guy is the one illegally filming stuff
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): someone just messaged me this
Elfriede (Tom): 🤔
Total Nok-out (Marisa): they started sending other photos too lol
but for a minute or two it was just that in my inbox i was like "what"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): that looks about the same, yeah?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): vaguely
Total Nok-out (Marisa): roughly
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): use your pro styling skills
Total Nok-out (Marisa): my what now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): MAGIC
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i'll get two just because they're $8 and i can fluff it up. i need a thing without bangs so i can pull the one side back, and then i'll use whatever hair i chop off the bangs to make a fake hairline or something.
i'm gonna burn this wig.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that sounds scawy
Total Nok-out (Marisa): o yeah. probably the scrawniest.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): here's a review photo
Total Nok-out (Marisa): thin and shiny just the way i buy them
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i thought that was real hair lol
Total Nok-out (Marisa): then it's perfect <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i can't find any pj party pictures but wow this is majestic ~~and then me~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i should have crouched i am sorry furry man
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wow thst is majesti!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I either wanna post to insta really bad or not at all
Bill: I haven't in a week and a half.
Bill: Part of me knows I should.
Bill: All I really want to do is post passive aggressive memes about work to my story though.
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> she wasn’t at CCE or any of the shoot I was involved with right?
Bill: She doesn’t strike me as a random friend request person (she’s super guarded I assume) so what?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Maybe she wants to find photographers that are trustworthy
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Cosplayers tend to do that, I find
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): She probably noticed that you take a lot of my pics so she’s like “oh well if GEORGIA likes him then maybe I will too!”
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And yeah she’s really guarded but super friendly too
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Like... yo if they invite me I’d actually fly out there for their wedding
Bill: But I never met her right?
Bill: You haven’t done any plugging of me recently either.
Bill: Hell, I think people are out of photos from me cause I haven’t gotten many tags recently.
Bill: ~~I almost want to check that she wasn’t hacked~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I just realized I wasn’t friends with her either
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): But she accepted as soon as I sent it so lol
Bill: That makes it weirder...
Bill: I’m sure she’s got the opposite of me, all the *friends of* famous people in her people you may know. But I see no reason to friend me? *Hi I’m suspicious of anyone I don’t know personally isn’t that cool*
Bill: Does she have a million friends Georgia?
Bill: ~~I was thinking about her recently tho, weirdly enough.~~

Aaaaabout how despite how she sells herself as “Canon Nora” I think Jess does better Nora. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I feel like poeple sell her that way more than her selling herself? Kinda like mangaloo, but thanks
Bill: Either or, you’re more Nora to me than she is.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Yeah people probably forget I do Weiss sometimes
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Public perception is powerful
Bill: What?
Bill: How’s that related?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Like, her Nora-ness is thrust on her?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Cause she also does Weiss but everyone is just like “zomg canon Nora plz”
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean she does the voice she does the impressions so
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Like that happens to a lot of cosplayers is what I’m saying
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): She was doin Ruby voices at RTX so idk man
Bill: To the big ones maybe.
Bill: She has 2,000 friends, that explains it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I mean she way more popular
Bill: ~~I’ll probably unfriend her next week~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): At least her bf proposed in Ren  ~~and not Neptune~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): She's obviously alot more passionate about RWBY than me so it's cool
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): She's doing 3.0 at katsu
Bill: ~~Did you want Tom to propose in Ren?~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): No lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But a Neptune x Nora proposal would have been strange to me 😂
Bill: Justin ain’t paying attention to your Katsu line up is he.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): He’s just teasin lol
