Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <@301927856240459777> if you still wanted to do ralsei we could prob do it Sunday afternoon? I don't want you to be overworked if you have too much on your plate already. 
Could also do Saturday morning after 🌽 but I know you have the masquerade possibility there so
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah that’s so sweet that she messaged me!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ok frens I'm not doing rayla for katsu anymore Tom and I are gonna do mononoke and ashitaka instead
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ren and Nora are retaining thier Friday morning slots for now
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Huzzah!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): We're thinking of wedding 2b and 9s for the ball?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I just gotta find my veil
Bill: oh*wo*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): For nier shoot Tom's thinking Adam since Justin is 9s right?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!245270932602486784>  was justin planning 9s for nier?
Bill: He was.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): coo, so yea tom will prob be adam then
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Deltarune Suneday after mystic ness would be perfect. I was considering that but most of the con would be over maybe so I didn’t want to bring it up, but if you guys are open to that it would work
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): yea i know itll be pretty late in the cons life, but were pretty much out of "timeslots" to do it during one of the more lively days
although katsu is packed always so  😄
Bill: Not like we need the con to shoot.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he doesnt mean photoshoot slots thou, just costume slots
Bill: Tis combination makes me think Fallout.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ah fudge. hall contest might require signing up in advance. there's no info about it but their website seems to imply that. i follow their posts but if anyone sees Katsu make an announcement about hall cosplay could you please let me know. if it's when i'm asleep just vigorously ping me until i wake up.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): two years ago it wasn't like this but they probably changed it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): we gotta take dramatic videos
Bill: Oh so that’s interesting.
Bill: Live view shows a capture accurate of the bokeh.
Bill: Preview button for the shutter does not.
Bill: THIS BOTHERS ME GREATLY.
Bill: ITS NOT EVEN A CONSISTENT DISTANCE!
Bill: Unrelated: I feel like Tyler and Danielle are like... a really cute couple. Maybe not the Tom and Jess of party people, but definitely in the 👌🏻 category.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@301927856240459777>  is this the group you are in?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Yeah!! I’m pretty certain that’s it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Matches who we need
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): You in? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Kind of shocked we don’t have a komaeda yet he’s such a big meme
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): omg we might get a twogami that’s cool. Teruteru are impossible to find though. I’m hoping we get a gundam and a kuzuryuu.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): O no I was just wondering I never played? That game?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Ye it game. First game is also an anime that’s got 12 episodes. It’s ok. A neat murder mystery
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Alot of people seem to like it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): It has a really good soundtrack
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Also the murders are brutal
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): In a. In a uh. A funny way.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): PINK BLOOD
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): YEAH
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): It’s not brutally horrifying if the blood is pink
