Bill: Foo... I’d still like to do something without Konkon and now Jess... but all I know of is the unique photo camera show and a xwing tournament at a nearby game store. Also could get together for RWBY combat ready/other board games, but I dunno if you’d come out for that.
Bill: I guess I’ll figure something out.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I mean theoretically I could shoot
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But it’s gonna be miserable outside
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Do we have any indoor ideas that are worth trying?
Bill: If you don’t want to you don’t have to. I’m just like... torn cause I hate to give up social interaction, but I also don’t really want to interact with Hal/Meg/Hunter too much.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i miss leanna and rebecca and erik
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): buuuuut i dont wanna make the trip out there, freeze, see hal and meg, and yeah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): also my brown contacts havent even come yeT SO
Bill: Erik and Rebecca. Tbh Leanna has blown me off too many times, not even saying no just ghosting, for me to be excited to see her. She’s an acquaintance and I can’t see getting closer to her. She doesn’t seem to want to be closer.
Bill: I don’t hate her just... give up.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): leanna and i had a jam at thy geekdom
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ethan apparently described leanna and i in very similar wats
Bill: She probably likes you more than me.
Bill: Easy to imagine.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cause she HELLA GAY
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): jkjk
Bill: I mean, I’m kinda serious but.
Bill: I checked the list, nothing really indoors. Tom and Jess’s place, all I really have to try.
Bill: I figure Jess would want to be there too.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): For what? 😮
Bill: Google lists go to cafes or libraries for indoor photos.
Bill: I wanna do something Saturday, still feel like shooting even without konkon, but indoors is kinda the goal.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean I'mma be home but Alizas gonna be here and we have plans to catch up and make tiny Japanese food
Bill: Universities. But eh Rutgers.
Bill: ~~begin operation reconvert Aliza to weeb~~
Bill: Huh. I was thinking about places we may have a connection to let us use... 20 bucks says we could get shoots at Recess.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean if y'all wanna go shoot by all means go ahead
Bill: Up to Georgia. I just wanna doooo thiiiings.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG finally a post surpassed magnihld bless
Bill: So does Aliza know you a huge weeb now?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye she follows me XD
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The Nora boop post is almost the most liked
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I reiterate
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Why does everyone like rwby so much
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Damn
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right?
Bill: <@!141729881779077121>, where dat selfie you took at from the weekend?
Andrew: 
Andrew: i look high
Bill: snrk.
Bill: Told David if/when big three happens again, he should shoot it.
Bill: ~~He took it as me offering to shoot him, but that boy is too much of a whirlwind for me~~
Bill: So oops if you would...? somehow want that?
Bill: Wish I looked into swimsuits and boudoir before CCE. Shy as I may be, (assuming I know the person) talking about “looking sexy” is worth it to keep capturing said person’s best look.
Bill: That’s always the goal, and not taking all the steps I can makes me annoyed in hindsight.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~thats billys way of telling me i look bad in the cce pics~~
Bill: ~~Jess did some research on her own tho~~
Bill: I could have gotten better shots, but you worked what I was shooting.
Bill: Well.
Bill: So no, that’s not my way of saying that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I did? 😮
Bill: I think so. You look great, all the hard work paid off.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): O wait do you mean diet and exercise?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Or like actual research? 😅
Bill: I dunno, you posed well. If you did research I can’t know that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo I don't remember doing any specific research 🤔
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Related to posing at least
Bill: Ya know if Renora is your top content, whats going to happen when you have Renora *in swimsuits*?
