Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): CAN WE REALLY
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): YIPPEE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ethan and Casey and chocowaffle and her bf may have Ren proposing to Nora but me and Tom know da real shit
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oh no chocowaffle and her fiancee are engaged
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): they got the engaged at RTX
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~ethan and casey still fakes tho~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh no I know
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They are legit
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~Not like Ethan and casey~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Trust me in not knocking them
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): o ya but you guys are already wife'd
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Evan muro commented that he hoped we actually got enganged and Tom's like "well we're married soon"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): LMAO
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yo lez Aurii formal it up
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Let's shakenit up a lil
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): AlDus and afrin DESI AND NOKRI
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Dancing
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 🕺
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Elfriede wallflower
Bill: I’m fine with starting it that way. But, we need to do the stories and I need to do world building in the time skip.
Bill: But the opening act can be a formal ball.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Elfriede and Nono 
Aldus and Elfriede
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): So many possibilities
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 👬
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Ot4
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): The zenkai ball was strings because that was requested. The year before it was too informal, like they played the chicken dance and stuff and everyone complained. Looks like they have to find a good balance.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): they need like prom playlists
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It was v. Classes I'll give it that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Photoshoot idea? owo this looks SO cool
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): THEY DID MORE
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah that looks dope 🙌 🙌
Bill: Hashtag the gummy bears.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): No not the gummy bears don’t you dare. How about the attack on Titan shoot
Bill: The “milk bath” shoot is a thing though.
Bill: Adding the flowers make it way less weird tbh.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Such expensive 
Also probably not best for delicate outfits
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I've been seeing alot of bath bomb shoots too bad my bathtub is old and ugly and has shit lighting
Bill: You’d need flashes for any tub shoot, but also yeah most tubs are you know, *used* and therefore aren’t photo perfect.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean hotel tubs are nice but then you gotta bring home a ton of wet cosplay
Bill: True.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Photoshop tub
Bill: So thing I realized, Jess’s late to the fandom thing is convenient in one way, cause you come into it once all the artist alley peeps have swag for it.
Bill: Like, my P5 phase ended before the artist alley got lots of stuff.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOO true
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont know how people keep up with everything i get inspired to watch or play things by seeing art or cosplay or my friends talking about it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): devote your life
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): you and tom would make a good duke of death and his maid
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHO ARE DEY
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's a guy who's cursed (think the golden touch but instead of gold everything dies) (so basically pushing daisies but it doesn't come back to life) and his flirty maid
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): but pure. the bakery post i made earlier is from this
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): TOP HAT
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): found canon pjs
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they in the anime too i think
but they so normal
Bill: that's... the point.
Bill: Find anyone who wears fancy PJs all the time.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): excuse. i happen to know for a fact that all girls wear lingerie and/or elaborate dressing gowns to bed.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it isn't PJs if it doesn't have 80 layers of lace
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dont they have canon pjs in the anime?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm super far behind the anime but i think i remember it from the manga yeah. or at the very least they had loungewear
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>  concept: PJ Mina, but with what wore to bed last night <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it was those spongebob PJs right
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): of which you own several
Dizzy: http://i.imgur.com/XoYgHyi.gif
Bill: !lewd
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BUT ITS CANON
Bill: *canon would be "PJ Mina", not "PJ Mina but in the LEWD"*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~it's hot springs mina~~
Bill: Putting that *INAPPROPRIATE LEWDITY* aside... Emailed that cosplayinspire, 13 bucks additional and it should apparently be here by next week. That good. But should I double over and order from ezcosplay since Mawisa doesn't seem to twust cosplayinspire?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's illegal to sleep like that
why double order and why rush shipping?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i just went outside to put out the trash without patting my bangs down and someone saw me aerstdfjk
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): are you doin mirio for konkon
Bill: Possibly? And also want to have it. I'm not a waiting person.
Bill: Double order in case the inspire one is... idk, bad? whatever sketch thing you implied it could be, and then if Konkon becomes a plan I'm sol.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): then you can keep which ever one is better
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~who has money for that sort of stuff~~
yeah, there's a billion things that could go wonky with shady cosplay sites
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~biru~~
Bill: ~~it doesn't look that shady~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it totally does
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): this cosplay site here is the #1 most hated and distrusted site in the cosplay community
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): https://www.milanoo.com/Buy-Costumes-c8709
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo yea they both have that sketch stank
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like those sites with cheep clothing deals that are too good to be true
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what is this logo
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it could be good. sometimes there's just no way to tell, and sometimes it's a mixed bag
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): graphic design is a passion
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOF
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): someone help them
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this gives me a headache
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's missing a flashing gif
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): lol at mic's attempt at ladybug costumes
Bill: I don't like effectively bleeding 45 bucks...
Bill: But I guess it is what it.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): omg don't spend that much
Bill: Should have cancelled it when I went through with it by accident.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): weve used EZ but stuff def doesnt come fast
Bill: Already did, don't feel like dealing with the return policy. And distinct difference between you and me Mawisa; you have skills to apply to do work yourself to save money. I do not, nor the talent, time, or interest to develop them. I'mma just pay more for someone else to do it.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i have no skills i just glue stuff and cry on it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): keeping my eyes on some black friday sales. there's a site with hana for $11 omg. hana carried my whole fire emblem team.
also a pretty inexpensive blake but we know a lot of blake cosplayers so there's no point in me getting it right
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): me too gurl
Bill: ~~that takes skill~~
Bill: We know very *few* Blake cosplayers.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): time to be blake
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): are you sure aren't there like 10 in bne
Bill: Right now it's basically Rebecca, and she's more of a Raven.
Bill: and Erik, but I'm not counting genderbend.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's volume 1 blake i can get it if it'll come in handy
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): and assuming it doesnt sell out but sale starts at midnight est which is 2pm for me
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): on thanksgiving
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's the site i bought corn from and i feel corn might be a little big so maybe i'll go a size smaller ~~if corn looks awful at katsu that's why~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): aside from the gradient leggings blake's costume is actually super simple to make. huh.
but buying it on black friday would be cheaper than making it
would there ever be a use?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): for a blake? yea prob at some point!
Bill: Well, most of the crew does v4 outfits now.
Bill: That'd be the only odd point.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ye ^
my ruby is also volume 1
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): gotta remake ruby's cape it got dirty at konkon
Bill: If you want to do Blake though DO IT, I'd at least shoot the heck outta you.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that sounds deadly
Bill: ~~if I use my bow maybe yeah~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): THATS LEWD JESS
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IT LEWD
Bill: THEN IT NOT CANON
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Mina would prob go to bed naked 🤔
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Wouldn't put it passed her
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IT CANON
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yes that is a bed
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea def
Dizzy: http://i.imgur.com/wSYfubI.gif
Bill: !lewd
Bill: Not a bed at all
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): if i do blake i can use my homestuck wig
Bill: ew.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if its long and black than ya
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ya jade has the same hair
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): kind of
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it can work
Bill: Just need to tame it a bit.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah it's not that wild in the actual comic. i think that image is from paradox space.
Bill: ~~and wear your homestuck shame like a badge of honor~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): awww yisss
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): if i can find jade's gown it's def happening for katsu
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's been years though i'm not sure i know where it is
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "homestuck shame" doesnt work on marisa
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): pride
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That's a cute art
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): hey tom you should read homestuck
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I tried 👌
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And hooky
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And Ava's demon
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oh yeah!! did you give up on hooky?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hooky? what dat?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's good (imo)
it's the webcomic about the 2 kids who miss the bus to magic school
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I like them all I just have trouble keeping up with things idk why
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): My two most liked posts are the kissing renora and the proposal renora <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we hot
Bill: damn straight.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~renora spicy semi-striping photos when?~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): in moody lighting
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I'll do it
Bill: Sexy moody lighting or like, edgy noir moody lighting?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Both!
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Nah sexy
Bill: *shit you right*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lets fucking do it
Bill: 👀
Bill: ~~Do I need to start reading up on boudoir techniques~~
Bill: *I guess I do if Marisa wants this wedding Maki stuff.
Bill: Answer that, but I had a cool idea.
Bill: I don't think anyone but me and andrew have seen it, but Hardcore Henry was an action flick shot in first person via like, go pro.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yes?
Bill: coo.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo my friend liked that movie, i never saw it though
Bill: cosplay fight video of the cosplayers attacking the camera.
Bill: That'd be cool.
Bill: It was TERRIBLE, but the kind of terrible that's campy and fun.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): o maybe it wasnt that
Bill: https://youtu.be/Mapshm7oPoc?t=55
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Jared I think saw it
Bill: This is a thing I thought of too, do this meme but in cosplay.
Bill: Can do it indoors, be good to practice expressions and stuff and is super chill.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i can barely read it
Bill: Open it in a browser.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i did
Bill: hmm. weird.
Bill: Bunch of emotions, basically.
Bill: Happy, Sad, Tired, Pouty, Hollow, Drunk...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i mean i got that it was emotions i just cant read them all cuz of jpeg degeneration
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hot tea on ethans story
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wtf is this about
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you fucking faked your engagement bro
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he has videos after that where i asume hes talking about it but i cant listen rn
Bill: wooooow he's hella toxic.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right?!
Bill: I mean, choco is kinda over the top, but I haven't seen anything even slightly like what he's accusing her of...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like srry bro ren proposing to nora is not an original idea
Bill: and last I checked, proposing is not copyrighted.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): EXACTLY
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like wow ethan your so original, one member of a canon couple proposing to another wowie. how revolutionary
Bill: If *I* wanted to sit down for tea (why is drama called that now anyway?) time, I'd find about 20 different photos from weddings in that pose and refute that the photo is 'copying' him by the fact that it's a *generic* ship photo.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): HES NOT EVEN FUCKING ENGAGED
Bill: Then I'm going to point out that he can take credit for nothing, not the RT owned characters, not the action of proposing, nor the pose.
Bill: He's pissed they did the same thing and blew up online.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YUP
Bill: Oh, more, she didn't plan the place of the proposal. Georgia did. When she set up the group shoot.
Bill: hmmu. He's saying they staged the proposal too?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i guess? idk man hes such a drama starter, interested to see what Georgia thinks 🤔
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oof
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OH BOY
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He must be bored
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like why he do this
Bill: *Ethan used Toxic*
Therefore:
Bill: 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo think she posted a response video but I can't watch it ~~cuz my stupid boss has my on meeting stand by and I can't go to lunch~~
Bill: Hers I can watch... I don’t want to watch Ethan’s cause I don’t want him to message me “why you watching my stories huh”. To which I have the great response “well, it’s a good thing you’re message is getting out there right? That’s what you wanted isn’t it?” But also snarking him isn’t fun.
Bill: But alas I am stuck on a call too.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Why he wait so long to post about it too
Bill: Optimal attention grabbing, wanting to have Casey with him, idk.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Exactly like of it bothered you then you should have said something earlier this happened in August
Bill: You guys need to do a proposal now, wait for Ethan to flip a shit, then send him wedding pictures.
Bill: *"tldr fuck you"*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LOL
Bill: She sounds confused by his complaints more than offended.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao yea I'd be confused too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He doesn’t own cosplay proposals lol
Bill: this video post thing is annoying cause it loops on the same video, it doesn't advance.
Bill: Ah, I know what set him off.
Bill: Choco did that big press thing about a photographer giving no credit for RTX photos right?
Bill: Which, while low, isn't illegal (barring he isn't making money).
Bill: It sounds like Ethan argued with her on that saying that the photographer (funny how Ethan likes sticking up for douchey dudes) was a good guy and justified and well with in his rights.
Bill: So she probably cheesed him off in the comments, and he's been mulling it over and decided to blow up.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ahhhh makes sense
Bill: that's me making connections.
Bill: AAAAAnd now that I'm on his video, it's EXACTLY that.
Bill: He wants to be right, he's defending the photographer.
Bill: This is how he's creating evidence for his case.
Bill: He's technically right, but given he's a Huge Tool ™ he makes people want to disagree with him.
Bill: Pretty sure he took her complaints like they were against RTX and LORDIE he loves RTX.
Bill: boy he's fun to watch.
Bill: Tangentally, I was thinking about actually going about adding Erik to this server... Aurii player aside, I think he's too meshed in too many groups to guarantee his loyalty in conversations like these which are private to the server.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeaaaah true
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ahah he texted me while I was in classy
Bill: I like having him around, would love to have him... But until I know his loyalties lie with ~~me~~ ~~my social circle~~ us it's hard to expand.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): THE PLOT THICKENS
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’d trust Leanna more I think
Bill: Other way around. Leanna admits to liking Ethan.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I like our tight knit squad the way it is <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Really???
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Leanna why
Bill: Erik gets points for wanting to remain impartial, but we are technical a circle of power in the extended network.
Bill: I have a dominating presence (<:lenny:395307171539189760>), you have fame and adoration from (pretty much) all, Tom and Jess are universally loved...
Bill: We make up 2/3s of BNE's admins and between Georgia and I we're the core organizers for BNE at large... ~~Oh wait I'm just bragging that my circle is the best~~
Bill: *But* we are as much of an opinionated group as squid squad or delaware squad or party people.
Bill: So Erik would find that uncomfortable, cause we are not always in the right.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): LOL THIS IS WHAT MEG SENT
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ethan gets at least a point for snark back
Bill: I'm not following whose saying what.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Meg said “yours was staged too” to ethan
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ethan responded with the text below that
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh boy
Bill: Wow dumbass is going to blow this into unrelated tea (why are we calling it tea seriously). Make sure to keep out of it, fun of Hal bashing aside.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): My only response to him has been questions and “oof”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): That’s Ethan’s screenshot
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Not me lol
Bill: Mhmm.
Bill: And that’s a good way to reply.
Bill: He’s brewing a hurricane man.
Bill: Which will be GREAT to watch from the outside.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wtf is he doing holy shit
Bill: *Just don’t end up involved miss 4k*
Bill: He’s brewing up toxin in the most amazing way.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Speaking of proposals, the Nora proposing to Ren pic is at 155 <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: OMG
Bill: Nicu!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "she was yelling and being obnoxious cuz i guess  she thinks thats very nora of her" 
well this drama isnt very ren of you ethan <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ALSO SWEET
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OMG!!!! TOM AND JESS YOU STOLE FROM ETHAN WITH THAT PIC!!!!!
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I KNOW
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG I KNOW
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): how could we
Bill: Kick Ethan shitpost to Brooklyn rage.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Autumn from zenkai last year messaged me asking if i could help her with a BNHA panel
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): interesting stuff my dudes, i think im gonna do it
