Bill: ~~can't wait till Tom cosplays Groh for Jess and Jess cosplays one of the soul cal girls~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): His arm is weird 😂
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Plus all soul Cal outfits be complicated af
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: nah id prefer tekken
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: all the girls from soul cal are trash waifu baits
Bill: Soul Calibur: You have two choices, Big boobs or big muscles.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: its true TwT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yeeee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'd prob do asuka if any cuz Tom likes her and she cute
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ok. Despite sew at least 3 seems the wrong direction, hiyori's tops has been remade
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I wonder big I put two dart down the front it it wig hug my body a little better
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It is technically supposed to be lose tho 🤔
Total Nok-out (Marisa): LOOKIN GOOD
Total Nok-out (Marisa): they had this torii gate in front of the dealer's hall at animeUSA and it's a really cute and awesome idea and I love it
but also it strikes me as a bit odd.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~the raiju in party hats are adorable omg~~
but it's a religious thing so I see it as like. akin to putting a giant cross out front of the con, if that makes sense? they're basically saying the dealer's room is holy and home to gods by putting a religious symbol in front of it

am i looking into this way too much. probably.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): what is this and why do i want to cosplay it
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Hatsune Miku Neko Mimi archive :3c
Total Nok-out (Marisa): *shoes on the white bedsheets in a boudoir shoot*
*get your shoes off the white sheets*
Total Nok-out (Marisa): lets just ban shoes altogether that way everything will always be clean. that's sound logic.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): what's the most ridiculous boudoir shoot we could do for katsu
Bill: Only one who wants boudoir with us is Leanna, and thats for Sanic.
Bill: And she's not staying with us, correction.
Bill: I just mean of our group.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): *she's doing a lewd sonic cosplay*
Total Nok-out (Marisa): better start sewing that sonic miku then
Bill: She brought it to CCE. I don't if she really intended to do a shoot. She never asked.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): tfw no pictures on instagram
Bill: She got sick, didn't do anything with it.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i started sewing a clover club costume like 3 years ago and never finished that. i should finish taht.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): all of my costumes with really horrible gold trip (*lucina*) are gonna get fixed after katsu probably because i bought a ton of gold bias tape that seems promising
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 600 feet of it to be specific which i'm hoping is enough for katsu
Bill: If you wanted to do boudoir I should have bought the softbox I was talking about yesterday.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i don't like lewd but boudoir seems to be the Big Thing everyone does and i'm a self-loathing narcissist
Total Nok-out (Marisa): don't even need to leave the hotel room so there's always a mirror. score.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): PILLOW FIGHTS
Bill: I continue to assume I won't be doing boudoir unless someone asks; because the creepy stereotypes associated with guy photographers and boudoir terrify me by association.
Bill: Do *not* do boudoir unless you're 100% comfortable. It's going to show in your posture and posing, you'll make the photog uncomfortable (unless they're a tool?), it just won't work.
Bill: Now, PJ JNPR is basically SFW boudoir, assuming it ever gets done.
Bill: kinda?
Bill: (also apparently Hunter is a boudoir guy so fuck stereotypes?)
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i am constantly uncomfortable 24/7 365 but i've learned to chill out and not care while in japan so if you ever want to do a sfw boudoir i don't mind. i did mari for comiket that was essentially boudoir.

yeah those bunny pictures really surprised me though
Total Nok-out (Marisa): at what point does it stop being bnha AU and become an OC
Bill: Still don't understand the love for Kirishima but whatever.
Bill: Up to you, it'd probably be the easier than shooting on the con floor at Katsu.
Bill: Fucking overcrowded mess that Katsu is.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~but the room will be so over crowded at katsu that youll see the mess in all the photos~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i wanna lay on the floor they have some nice marble tiles
Bill: ~~We're only 9 people to two rooms at Katsu~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): strategic angles
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yeah our rooms are gonna be practically empty
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so far
Bill: We're... not likely to get anyone else?
Bill: Leanna and Erik both had things.
Bill: Ash and Dan are doing Mag.
Bill: I don't see Justin and Rayna coming.
Bill: Aaron and John aren't really Katsu people (unless you think so <@!141729881779077121> )
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): didnt you say 9 was too little for2 rooms though?
Bill: I won't put more than 6 to a single room, so. Not me.
Bill: Probably Marisa.
Bill: She seems to think we can fit 12 in one.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): indeed
Bill: That's most of our room circle.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): gotta draw a bigger circle
Bill: Bigger circle == more drama.
Bill: Fuck that.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): homestuck boudoir when
Total Nok-out (Marisa): when i google that surprisingly little comes up. worryingly little.
Andrew: Dunno bout them
Andrew: John got asked to another room but i think he said no
Total Nok-out (Marisa): to the room or to the con altogether?
Andrew: To a room at the con
Andrew: And the con
Andrew: He said its too expensive
Andrew: And hes not wrong
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he is not wrong
Bill: Ridiculously expensive.
Bill: But we have a balcony...!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ^^^^
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and MARISA!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): boudoir would be good for any costume with ridiculous shoes you don't wanna make
Total Nok-out (Marisa): hewwo
Bill: Pretty sure all Boudoir requires heels.
Bill: Even guys.
Bill: Like... All Might.
Bill: But with heels.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): good idea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): balcony and mawisa are katsu highlights
Bill: yupppp.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): if anything ever happened to jess i'd kill everyone in the room and then myself
Bill: Lol that's what she said about you!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): guess we have a dead room on our hands
Total Nok-out (Marisa): if I do a mari day (love live mari) (wow there's a lot of maris in anime) i could use the wedding costume for boudoir because the last time i wore those heels i superglued them 5 minutes before going to a photoshoot eyy
Total Nok-out (Marisa): the soles fell off so not the best for roaming around in anymore
Total Nok-out (Marisa): wait. maki. yeah maki.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): mystic mess dakimakura recreation
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Man boudoir is objectively kinda cool
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And the BNHA bunny photos came out really good
Total Nok-out (Marisa): that photo with the money is cash money it's really good
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): But I don’t wanna be sexualized more than I already am, and my career would frown upon that kinda thing
Total Nok-out (Marisa): [puts georgia in a full fursuit so she can boudoir without being sexualized]
Total Nok-out (Marisa): u are safe now our croissant
Bill: The bed photos were good, the standing ones seem crappy to me.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): kind of dark and ominous
Bill: That can be a mood, but.
Bill: Just looks underexposed to me.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Boudoirs in a full zentai suit lmao
Bill: You can do boudoir for yourself Georgia. Self esteem thing? Share with friends at most.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): green screen boudoir with a green zentai suit. flawless.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): GREEN SCREEN WITH ZENTAI SUIT AND BNHA UNIFORM
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I’m invisible girl muahaha
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And yeah idk
Total Nok-out (Marisa): BADA BING BADA BOOM
Total Nok-out (Marisa): genius
Total Nok-out (Marisa): is your katsu costume roster fully decided? does anyone have it decided
Bill: Georgia does.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i like to delude myself into thinking i have it but i have way too many costumes i have to narrow down
Bill: That's the way to be.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i should stick to costumes good for winter
Bill: Yes you should.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): this bread is really good
Total Nok-out (Marisa): omg we're staying until monday right
~~more costumes for sunday night~~
Bill: Yeah.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): y'all we can do a ton of photoshoots sunday
even video. the possibilities are endless.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~thats when we infiltrate the gazebo~~
Bill: Not everyone is staying.
Bill: I assumed for the prelim price breakdown Jess, Tom, Dave, and Me.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): who isn't staying?
Bill: Georgia, Hal, Mak will likely all return for school Monday.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> *georgia no*
Bill: You and Andrew I figured it would come down to cost.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): is hal staying with us?
who's mak
Bill: Georgia cannot be convinced out of classes.
Andrew: Im undecided
Bill: Friend of Hal's.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): andru join us
Andrew: Cost yes but it would be nice to spend another night with everyone
Bill: And you know how Zenkai was a pain to get out of the hotel in Sunday morning?
Bill: Katsu was worse.
Andrew: Especially with np con pressure
Andrew: Yeaaaa
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i'm broke but i can stay down, especially since i'll probably need a ride if that isn't too much hassle
Andrew: ^
Bill: You *both* need rides?
Andrew: I may be in the same boat
Andrew: May be
Total Nok-out (Marisa): lemme check public transit
Andrew: * key word
Andrew: I could possibly drive marisa and myself down
Andrew: But right now my car is not ready lol
Total Nok-out (Marisa): could also see what courtney is doing, i usually ride down with her but they carpool as a room
i am too petrified to drive more than 2 feet
Bill: Last year we did sunday night at a different, cheaper hotel (couldn't add the night at Gaylord) which was great for the lazy sunday night and being refreshed for Monday's long drive back. But the moving out was hell, now we can avoid that and keep using the Gaylord for photos.
Andrew: My passenger seat is busted
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i've ridden in a trunk before
Bill: ,... For like, 3~4 hours?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): bout a half hour
Andrew: Lol
Total Nok-out (Marisa): if i have a DS i'm probably fine as long as we don't get rear ended
Bill: ~~is this a crime that needs to be reported~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): my sister wanted to take her dog to the beach with us
Andrew: You know funny thing john broke my seat
Total Nok-out (Marisa): sue him
Andrew: I could
Andrew: One day i drove him home and the seat snapped, like the gear system holding it upright
Andrew: He flew back and into recline
Andrew: And now the seat is eternally reclined
Total Nok-out (Marisa): rest in pieces
Andrew: Not comfortable
Bill: OOF. That's what happened to my driver's seat in the Malibu. It's why I replaced it.
Andrew: Isnt it expensive to replace
Total Nok-out (Marisa): if carpool is unviable lemme know and i'll start panhandling
Bill: The malibu.
Andrew: Ohhh
Bill: I got the Altima when that happened.
Bill: Poor word choice, my bad.
Andrew: We use a box as a stopgap
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Wait what’s our Gaylord rooms?
Bill: Two Atrium rooms.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): The people I mean
Bill: Jess, Tom, Georgia, Marisa, Andrew, Dave, Me, Hal, Mak.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Yeah
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I meant yeesh
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Hals probably gonna wanna go with Meg and Lissy now
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): So you should probably re-check that
Bill: I confirmed with Hal, he doesn't have an alternate for Katsu and wasn't going to change plans. He just said he'd request to be in the other room. That was happening no matter what.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Eugh
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Alright
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i presume non-adjoining rooms them
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ~~_begone thot_~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I had to room with my ex last Katsu too wowee
Bill: I'm not screwing him out of going to Katsu, sorry Georgia. I'm not trying to make waves but that would be wrong in my eyes.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~we can draw on his face in permanent marker while he sleeps~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Logically, I get it
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Emotionally, I want him as far away as possible
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I would be ok with him but he had a real attitude last time we talked and went from “yeah we’re still friends” to “never contact me” in like 3 days
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): So
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I get the Garritys and Marisa? owo
Bill: No idea how to logically split it yet.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): dibs on balcony bed or under the table
Bill: Not dealing with it.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): or chair. chairs are nice.
Bill: You and Hal/Mak are separate.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): everyone else is decided through tournament arc-style gladiator combat
Total Nok-out (Marisa): first 2/3 to get thrown over the balcony winds up in the hal room
Total Nok-out (Marisa): you have to climb back up yourself, no elevator
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i can't decide if Ray friday or sunday
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~both~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Eh
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Depending, I might see with Reiley
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): They got a Gaylord room
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): But a lot could happen between now and then so
Bill: Yowch.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I think you underestimate how fed up I am with Hal
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~sunday~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i was thinking BNHA on friday and was gonna ask if sunday would work for MM anyway, plus sunday seems like a popular day for MM cosplayers lol
Bill: You don’t have to communicate with him, and you dropping ups the cost for the rest of us. I get you hate him but we have two rooms.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~georgia dont leave me i love you~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): o sweet. can do sunday then! i was only considering friday because i'm bringing corrin and white hair costumes can be grouped together so i don't have to repaint my eyebrows, but i'd have to redo the rest of my makeup because girl to guy costume.
~~should i bring one of my bnha costumes then aretsrtdjyhg~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): we will form a protective wall to block the two rooms
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~plus the gaylord has great scenery for ray/searan and sunday your more likely to get less people crowding~~ <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Obviously we want you staying with us, that's a given too.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Well see how the situation changes but I don’t think it’s fair to ask me to be uncomfortable just so the price doesn’t hike
Total Nok-out (Marisa): agreed, anywhere you spend a significant amount of time (like a con hotel room) you should feel comfortable. don't be pressured to stay and put your needs above all else, but know that we'll do our utmost to make things right and as comfortable as possible.
Bill: If anyone's going to be uncomfortable it's going to be him; he's the outsider now.
Bill: Not like we're fan of him either.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i'm pretty sure mak would be the only person to speak to him lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea for sure, price isnt my concern. Ill just miss you I love rooming with you!
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Hal shouldn’t have a hard time getting a room with Meg 🙄
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ill make friendly conversation with him but yea its still gonna be awkward
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): What a jerkoff
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I guess
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but yea, if you feel like its going to unbearable then no worries, he might drop last min too since thats his MO
Bill: Also true. Look, you belong with us, and he doesn't. He'll realize that quick.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hopefully 😭
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Yeahh
Bill: He can be an ass all he wants, if he does I'll chew him out.
Bill: But you belong with us. :/
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Dis is true
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Also he must not be trying very hard if he can’t find another room himself damn
Bill: I'm not getting between you (it's not my place), but if he acts out of line he's going to get called out. You're with *your* friends, not his ~~oops guess I don't have much love for him left~~.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *remakes Hiyoris unform top*
*Reads manga where Hiyori has a way cuter uniform*
"Hnnngggg"
*Sees curropted Hiyori*
"HNNNNG"
