Bill: Who.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Autumn, the Pyrrha cosplayer
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): smol, shy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): uhhh i have no other description
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _harmless, if thats what youre worried about_
Bill: I wasn’t, I was curious who she was.
Bill: I try to know people.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Did Georgia get dragged into the drama or is it something that isn’t happened and we want to avoid?
Bill: Nope. Separate thing.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): So no involvement whatsoever?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 👍
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oo the blake costume i might buy is the same one sakurasan has she's the top reviewer hehe
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "Couple Cosplay Ideas" webpage:
yuu and mika
saitama and genos
america and england
chun-li mother and daughter
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): boruto and naruto
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): otp
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh yea OTPs right there
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Chunli mother and daughter?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Wtf
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah i'm pretty sure it was just 2 of the same chun-li costume but one adult size and one child size
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "couple cosplay"
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oo that blue pyrrha is really cool
Bill: Nani?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): one of the peeps in georgia's instagram story has a blue and silver pyrrha
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i wanna sew weights on all of my skirts. where do i find tiny weights.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Why weights?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): race car kits actually have good stuff
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o it makes it cool
better for twirling and if people get too close you can just twirl and smack 'em with metal weights
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): also better for wing
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i wear shorts always but apparently it's just so scandalous
Bill: ~~still curious who autumn is~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The fall maiden
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Serrated skirt
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The new fad
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): One of my friends was at ANYC and took a photo of <@!351785752197201920>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And sneak shot of Eric <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Did they post it in insta? Or Facebook? Either way das neet
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Ah, Facebook memories
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): ITS TOO LATE, ITS TIME TO MAKE UP YOUR MIIIIIIINDNDNDNDNDNDD
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Nice choices thon👌
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Random guy: isn't spice and wolf getting a movie?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): WERE YOO THE RANDOM GUT
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): THE GUY
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I WAS NOT
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Have... I ever seen your Holo?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I have no memory
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): It’s bad I’ve updated it since wearing it. I changed what version I did
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Only wore it at Katsu 2017 but after Selkie I have a much better fox tail
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Ah yes I have, cuz I've liked the post on insta
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Was one of the first you posted
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): first!!!!1
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): just discovered a picture i've never seen before
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): legendary
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): S
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Looks like I’m joining a group Friday at noon of Katsu lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): whats the group?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Super Dangan Ronpa 2
They’re getting the whole cast together and I cosplay 2 characters they currently don’t have
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I hope they get a gundam that would be so great but if not they have a souda
Which is surprising because gundam is more popular than soda lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Actually they’re missing a lot of popular characters that people cosplay im surprised. Maybe everyone sold their costumes after the hype died down.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): They have a lot of less common characters
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Friday of Katsu is 100% packed for me now why doesn’t stuff happen on other days
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Proposal Post is finally capping at around 207
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Whew people really like rent dude
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye
Bill: It's not just cause it's Rwby though, I think it's more the romantic content.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Truuuu
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): All my.rwby posts do the best tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Cause 🎵 you’re the Ren 🎵
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oof chocowaffo wants to shoot together at Katsu too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ain’t enough Pyrrha in the day
Bill: You have like, 3 hours in Pyrrha.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): More like 9
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I mean 6
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 10-3:30
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Then Ochako 4-whenever
Bill: right, not doing BNHA group shoot.
Bill: ~~I'll believe 10 when i see it~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): RWBY is the better fandom tbj
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): BNHA is too impersonal
Bill: Can't say for sure, haven't mingled with BNHA at a shoot or anything. RWBY has proven unique before though.
Bill: well, if I'm involved in any these shoots tell me sooner rather than later.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): For now just Leanna
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Gotta see what the garritys  are doin
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): That’s prob my breakdown
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Thankfully Ochako will have way less photos
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Maybe I should stay in Pyrrha a little longer...
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill: I did have dibs on 3.0 Pyrrha solos, but I know you'd rather do groups so fuck it...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Honestlyyy so do I tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I want Solos somewhere I thee
Bill: solos are also more fun without a time crunch and con pressure...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m not super hyped to make Ochako either
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Maybe I should save hero suit for Zenkai
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And just do school uniform or gym outfit
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Hmmmm that idea sounds more appealing
Bill: Her hero suit is lame, ngl. Puffy bracers and boots? body suit? And you were the one to point out she's got like a vagina line on it.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): IK ITS SO DUMB
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Momo is my second fav but lol no
Bill: Momo's outfit is dumber.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~we might not be doing ren and nora but if its v. important to you then maybe~~
Bill: Do remember you need to give yourself 15 minutes to half hour of sitting time every few hours in Pyrrha. Not the travel time blocks you have, just sitting.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Trutru
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): tom and i still havent talked about what were doing if and when
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Not after the new shoes!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ill i know for sure is mina on friday afternoon/night and 2b on saturday afternoon/night
Bill: Have you con tested the new shoes?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye RTX!
Bill: Alright then.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Jess when do you change again
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 2:30-4:00 is what i have rn
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that might change? not sure tho i have a shoot with biru at 5:00
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i wanna have lot of time cuz i have 0 body paint experience XD
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Coolio I’ll prob be able to help like 3:30-4 after the RWBY shoot so I’ll leave time in my schedule for that!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ❤
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thank youuu you are a saint
