Total Nok-out (Marisa): It’s ya boi
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I’m so glad I don’t have plans tomorrow because my feet are so messed up I probably won’t be able to walk <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Alfrick(Tim): It the boi 👌
Alfrick(Tim): And oof
Total Nok-out (Marisa): SUCH A GOOD BOI
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I truly felt the magic of Halloween when two young (middle school?) girls asked for my picture and I basically drowned them in candy while saying “happy Halloween”
Elfriede of commitment?: OMG
Elfriede of commitment?: Wait you had candy?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): They looked so awestruck and amazed. They’ve never trick or treated they’ve never gotten Halloween candy aside from like, a gimmick sorta thing this was AUTHENTIC
Elfriede of commitment?: Like at an event?
Elfriede of commitment?: Lmao yeah from a real live American
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Yeah I specially went to buy American stuff like Twix and tootsie rolls at an import store. I also had KitKats which most people took because that’s familiar to them. A lot of little cosplayers will give out candy to people they meet at events so OF COURSE YOU GOTTA HAVE CANDY AT A HALLOWEEN EVENT I HAD A WHOLE PUMPKIN BASKET FULL WE GOIN FOR FULL AUTHENTICITY
Total Nok-out (Marisa): And you gotta say “happy Halloween” that really throws people for a loop. But it’s a Halloween event people come ON
Total Nok-out (Marisa): My student bought me a present during their 5 minute bathroom break so I kept showering them in candy too. I was already giving them a ton before the present because ***halloween***
Elfriede of commitment?: Amazing 👌 👌 👌
Elfriede of commitment?: Sounds like a quality experience
Elfriede of commitment?: Glad you showed them what's what
Total Nok-out (Marisa): omg taffy was there too I ran into her and it’s her birthday in two days and she apparently loves tootsie rolls so when she saw I had them she’s like “forget the Twix” and I gave her like 30 tootsie rolls
YEAH we gotta show em how it’s done
How was ur halloween par tay
Total Nok-out (Marisa): But it was too crowded to stop so our whole exchange was just me shoving copious amounts of tootsie rolls into her hands while being swept away by a crowd
Total Nok-out (Marisa): OH AND ALSO people were just kind of carrying around rabbits. we saw like 3 people with rabbits in their arms. and a few owls but those are normal they're advertising the owl cafes. the rabbits? no advertising. just people taking their rabbits for a stroll. ya know.
Elfriede of commitment?: Oh wow, rabbit city <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elfriede of commitment?: I thought Taffy was a candy hmmm
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i spelled her name wrong whoops i'm an awful person
she also an international cosplayer

when everything is in non-english you tend to pick up english super easily. like, with super sonic hearing. so it's easy to find other foreigners at these events.
https://twitter.com/Taffi_tabby
Elfriede of commitment?: Ah truu
Elfriede of commitment?: WAS THAT A PRONOUN I HEARD, USE OF THE WORD 'THE'
Total Nok-out (Marisa): WHERE
TWO CONSECUTIVE CONSONANTS?? unheard of
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): All of this is amazing
Bill: Goblin slaya gunna get me
Elfriede of commitment?: Oh yeah the consonant thing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ommggg I wanna work on cosplay but I'm so fucking ded
