Bill: I was thinking I might skip Konkon too, cause lonely drive down and a lot of the reasons you two have... but at the same time I’d like to shoot Bakugo scrouge and... well, right now just that. ~~except I feel like the people who are going are going to just flock to Hunter soOOOOoo~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I didn't even know Hunter was going
Bill: I assume so.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I honestly don't know anything babout who's going to Konkon
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah same
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Idk what's really happening
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Honestly I don’t like the photos that Hunter has returned back from the RWBY sleepover weekend hm hm
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like I’m waaaay too white
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Unnaturally so
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Anyways if you three skip Konkon, I might too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’d like to hang with peeps but Hal and Meg are also gonna be there and I really don’t wanna see them
Bill: Could do something else by us.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah, Christmas cosplay would be fun and Konkon was cute last year
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But lemme know what you guys do
Bill: He really likes those wide out shots.
Bill: Those aren’t good for Instagram really.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): as far as katsu, we were trying to refill our room??
Bill: I haven’t thought about it yet.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ah okay
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): is there still a strong "no one that everyone hasnt met yet" rule too?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im only asking cause my buddy Scott (@hammertime_cosplay) wants to come but doesnt know many people on the east coast
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i can definitely vouch for him
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but i know we have that general unspoken rule
Bill: Technically that rules is people I trust and know. That said, it’s possible... I want to wrap up Hal leaving before anything else I think.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oh yeah he hasnt officially messaged you yet has he?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he just mentioned it offhand to to
Bill: Nope. I’ll have to follow up with himself, I expect.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): people to add to the list of unnaturally beautiful people (of which ryan is the president)
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): whitefangcosplay, Will?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): honestly all three of the hermonat kids are gorgeous but like he has such NICE HAIR
Bill: *really* weird writing a caption for a cosplay post that I'm not photographer for.
Bill: I kept starting towards my usual format and I'm like no wait, that's not right.
Bill: This picture is CLEARLY of Dr Horrible.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): is that the cosplay reddit because the cosplay reddit is pretty bad
Bill: yeah.
Bill: I'm going through my subs.
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I’ve seen all the typical con horror stories but this was a great new discovery (the comment)
https://www.reddit.com/r/sadcringe/comments/9b9pk6/comment/e51q307
Bill: THAT TWIST.
Bill: DEAR LORD.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Surprise!!!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Top horror stories 2018
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Eoah
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Damn
Bill: Well. Ezcosplay's mirio got here too.
Bill: All before Konkon.
Bill: props, even if the speed ends up being unnecessary.
Bill: 
Bill: yeeee sad might.
Bill: or Denki.
Bill: The bangs need some help. But quality is definitely better.
Bill: also a bit more snug.
Bill: I'll admit, low key concerned it cause my head so big.
