Bill: Never mind it’s first.
Bill: It continues what the fuck.
Bill: Ryan is beautiful but this is WEIRD.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Insta might have given a "tlt_wm just posted for the first time in awhile" notification
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i so scared to wear a skirt on saturday imma freeze
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Light the inside of the skirt on fire
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo my nejire wig is ready, I didnt do lots of styling but enough for it too be recognizable
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is comfy tho, arda make nice wig
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): did your wig come in mawisa?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WOOO
Yeah I heard it arrived!!
Wig pics wig pics
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lol well it not on my head no more, and I have it braided for now but?
Bill: Marisa might not be far off. Can you put like, hand warmers on your thighs?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Just like imagine that on my head and not braided
Bill: Like in them bike shorts?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They don't have pockets 😭
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it wog
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): who are you wearing with the skirt?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im wearing nejire with the uniform
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooooo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): girl u fine we wore colder stuff to konkon
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~but its the winter uniform not the summer uniform like it should be opps~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ill prob wear my blue contacts but no one will notice cuz they are too transparent
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i photoshop u eye irl
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOA neato
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): there's an app for that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i should shop for new blue contacts 🤔
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): can i ask for colored contacts for christmas?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): karakon for kurisumasu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "hi mom i want these full scelra black and yellow contacts so i can be a pink anime girl"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): mom? not santa?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "santa, please let me be best pink anime waifu i can be"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://honeycolor.com/catalog/product/view/id/624/s/anime-a2-blue/category/306/
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dems is nice
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i thought you preferred 2b
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LOL
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): technically they have the same eyes? these are probably too blue for 2B but id prob wear them for her anyway cuz like wow pretty
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if im not picky i could use one pair for 2b, nora, and nejeri. hmm who else has blue eyes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i got pink for next time i do hiyori, i have yellow for cc, seven, and lilith
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i could use the yellow for mina but they wont be SUPER accurate
Ill need purple for Rayla, but i can use those for raven too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Marisa you cant wear contacts right?
Bill: I might break 200.
Bill: It's 10 likes away.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): GO GOGO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): PLUS ULTRA
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ye i can't wear contacts rip my eyes are atrocious
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea tom cant either, so i wont worry about contacts for MM then we can just shop our eyes later or just own it cuz we coo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WOO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that's why i'm hesitant about miku. i like her outfits but my eyes really clash
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): except matryoshka i can wear ladder shades with that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~what color are your eyes?~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): bbbbbbbrown? i think?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what's hazel some kids said that in elementary school but i dunno
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do you photoshop them for cosplay sometimes? 😮
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): haha sometimes.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *all the time*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh COME ON hot water guy is moving the time back to 3:00pm because another share house is having issues. bluh.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): he better get the water sorted quick
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OO ok that explains why i was like "why can i remeber a pic where she had green eyes"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ya i always shop my eyes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NO U NEED WATER NOAW
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): DAT OK you do a good job!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "i have to go because there is a big trouble" hehe
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): lemme find side by side comparisons
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://www.instagram.com/p/Bp5qvaGnG8y/
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah like that!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like dis on, dat good job i like it
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o that was an app on my phone rather than photoshop. i prefer using photoshop but since instagram is phone only i'll quickly mess them up on my phone and then post them whereas before i'd actually shop them
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): my eyebrows are also shopped lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what app? 😮
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i think for that I used PicsArt but if both eyes are fully visible I like Perfect360 better
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dis your real eye?https://www.instagram.com/p/BmatpZPAbOa/
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o ya that's real
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): :O!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): PRETTY
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): unless the photog themself did something
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): noo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YES
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i like photoshopping eyes red. it's hard to make it look decent.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i cosplayed ruby before the grey eye stuff was a big deal so as soon as that started i was like "dang it"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OO i see your hiyori! so kyoot
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 50 filter hiyori
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the outfit look good on youuuu
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no u
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you look really good in your Mari? is that her name?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the evengellion gurl
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm making a meme about irl and on instagram
yeah!! the swimsuit? i have the uniform too, it was featured on funimation's social media at otakon once but i don't have any other pictures
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea the swimsuit! i dont think ive seen the uniform D:
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): she like this
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): kyoot
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Me irl vs Instagram
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): nothing is ever real
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): [creates an entire costume and person in photoshop]
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YAAS
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ugu i'm hungry but can't cook. i don't feel like running to the conbini though. first world problems.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i found anime gum this shall sustain me for 6 hours
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): 😦
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooo a girl i haven't seen since high school is going to katsu! exciting
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oo so is another girl
high school reunion
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): so since we're definitely 100% doing tsundere russian roulette at katsu <:lenny:395307171539189760>
what type of tsun do you want me to get. they're cookies with either jalapenos or wasabi in them, i think it comes 8 to a pack. tiny tsundere comes with 2 bad cookies and 6 good ones while mega tsundere comes with 6 bad cookies and 2 good ones.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Ahhhhh
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 2 people can suffer or 6 people can suffer
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Jalapenos are yum tho
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): and if no one in the room gets the suffering i can give them to friends
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): whaaaa
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): u crazy
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): because tom likes jalapenos i can get the suffering pack
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I like wasabi and jalapeno but only in very very small amount of
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh wait this brand comes with 12 cookies, 10 of which are mega spicy
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): a small amount like a whole cookie full of it?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nooo 😭
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 420 yen $$$$$$$$$$
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i like that the one on the right is like "pwease have a cookie!" and the left one is like "eat it punk"
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: https://www.instagram.com/p/BnTtFPehbGS/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=5wqxmqhvbcf9
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): katsu plans
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😘
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): how many cosplayers out there are really dropping $150 for 3 photos. oof.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): omg ikr
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): there's enough people charging that much that *someone* has to be? but who???
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not me XD
Bill: ~~I'mma start charging 150 bucks~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~imma switch to ones that do $20 for 15 mins~~
Bill: Ouch, my value.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im scared to book shoots, not cuz I dont wanna pay but becuase ill prob get me 6 -10 edits back and be like "oo no i look bad"
Bill: You run that risk, but there are plenty of people you can ask who'll have consistently good photogs to work with.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im mostly kidding biru, ~~but if you started charging that i probs wouldnt be able to afford it~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i know i'll look bad, that's why photoshop 😎 
but some photogs don't let you photoshop their pics which is understandable <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: Georgia's got Claire, and while Ben doesn't con he's *obnoxiously good*.
Bill: Mawisa has the legendary Nancy.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o yeah nancy! she's retired though
Bill: who wouldn't come out of retirement to shoot Tom and Jess.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i know the phototags are good, its me whos not good lol
Bill: And Rebecca likes clouds of sand, but they sketch.
Bill: imo.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): now i've got sam i guess but sam is more professional. sam doesn't tell me my little pony cosplay horror stories like nancy.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jess u good
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): u v good
Bill: ~~could always hit up zenkai creep~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jess better than me 👍
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo i like rebaccas pics alot acually i wonder if shes doing pics
Bill: who I still can't remember the name of.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): deuce? lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NO MAWISA
Bill: whatever his insta is ye.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): loose canon, he goes by deuce hehehe
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you ever shoot with hi marisa?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hmmmmmnot that I can remember? we're both staff so we're usually busy. i'm pretty sure he might've taken a shot or two but i can't recall of what exactly
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but never a private shoot?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): naw he's never offered one
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~thats ok dont take it ~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~why~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~idk he kinda creeps me out but you prob know him better than me~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): brb taking a bath before the water i've been boiling for the last hour goes cold
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can see how he comes off as a creep ya
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): katsuuu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): rebecca said shes not sure if shes doing formal shoots but shed do one for me if i wanna
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i guess it's bad to start a chant of "shoot! shoot! shoot!"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): little bit
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mawisa what are  your rates 😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~gimme da rates~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): idk maybe like a punch in the back to make me stand up straighter
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): MAWISA ahhhh
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i take photos of u and u take photos of me how that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): equivalent exchange uwu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i only have phone D: but i can!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): can give u my camera or can just take selfies both work
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): when u wanna shoot?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im not super goods at the cosplay photos but i can try!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo idk yet D:
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): u be perfect i seen ur work
Bill: I can bring the d3300 for you Jessjess.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i better start making my schedule now that i have stuff set in stone blesghrgf
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what time do people wake up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~like 9~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): so late omg
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hehe yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): everyone going so gung ho on katsu i feel like im not doing enough XD
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): LETS GOOOO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I gotta plan my time slots  🤔
Bill: ~~can we wait on the gung ho Katsu till like, after ANYC at least~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but we're ready for ANYC!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): gotta katsu now <:lenny:395307171539189760> anyc can wait <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): whats a good amount of hours in one cosplay?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): like 1 is fine
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm making my schedule from 7am to 3am in case anyone gets up early for whatever
Bill: *Throwback to you wanting to do an Akko shoot at like, 8am and bailing cause it was too early*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ehe
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ehehe
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~weren't you also asleep~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 1 😂
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): how long we staying on monday. are we leaving first thing in the morning.
Bill: I couldn't sleep at Ota, I didn't bring a blanket and froze on the floor cause of the air vent. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH NO did you tell anyone??
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): did they not give you a blanket?
Bill: Nah, I didn't want to.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i didn't have a pillow the first two nights of animenext and then night 3 i got a pity pillow
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh nooo courtney would've gotten you one
Bill: would she tho.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): call down to the front desk
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): or at the very least give you one of the ones on the bed
Bill: eh, I dunno if we were terribly well liked by that group.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): meg liked you guys, she was praising you and andrew in the car ride back while andrew pretended to sleep
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): and meg is really hard to befriend, we loathed the guys in our room
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): meg was in your room right?
Bill: her, the girl with the long braid, and the gay couple who kept to themselves.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh snap did zippy and freckles stay with us? or another couple
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can't remember at all lol
Bill: I remember *nothing* else about them but that they were all over each other and antisocial with everyone else.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): found the group on facebook. lessee.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think 5hrs in each cosplay is gud
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~y the sun gotta set os early tho~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): andrew and you
courtney and anthony

eden and I
jeremy and lloyd

meg
then people named margo (i vaguely remember them?), chris, and stacy
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 5 hours!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): and maybe someone not on facebook
Bill: Margo must have been the one to share with Meg, and Christ/Stacy the couple?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah probably. then was courtney and anthony in our room? 🤔
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm trying to find the list of how it was divvied up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i might have to skip rwby group shoot if i want mina daylight pics *screams into the abyss*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): found it
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): room one was courtney, anthony, eden, me, jeremy, and lloyd. so yeah.
room two was meg, margo, chris, stacy, and you and andru
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it sucks our rooms didn't connect
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): connecting rooms are da shit
Bill: It's hard to get a guarantee for that.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o do you know how long we're staying monday?
Bill: nope.
Bill: The goal will be to back home by 5-6 I think.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *gazebo shoots gazebo shoots*
Bill: Before sunset.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *plenty of time for gazebo shoots*
Bill: So we'd leave around/after lunch.
Bill: I guess?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): NOOO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do u know when check out is by any chance?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I WAS RUSHING SO QUICKLY
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): BETRAYED BY BIRU
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): NOT EVEN TOM
Bill: *good point* iirc it was 11.
Bill: I haven't looked.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah the gazebo will be free <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): omg im tempted to do thursday cosplay what is that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): join me
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what cosplay you doin' thursday
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~i'm tempted to do two thursday cosplays but that's probably bad~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): marisa, you wild
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): well i always do a thursday cosplay. i did have two thursday cosplays at ota but one group cancelled
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can pack the costumes into a suitcase very tightly
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): idk, ill see how nejeri goes this weekend, maybe here
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do u actaully use totes? im starting to consider it lol
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i was gonna do jaehee monday and miku thursday but if gazebo is free maybe miku monday and jaehee thursday would be better

yeah!! I've used them before lol
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I used it for edea because the skirt couldn't be folded
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OO neat
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): me and tom either need to do totes or get bigger suitcases i think i have 2 duffle bags and he has a baby suitcase
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): totes take up a lot of room in the car so i wasn't gonna do it if carpooling, but if everyone brings totes they're easy to stack lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): totes can hold alot and i think tom and i are gonna end up with just one other person in the car so that shouldnt be too bad
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): gotta see if hammer fits in the new car
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): walks into car dealership
"can it fit a hammer?"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh man 2016 was The Denny's Incident™
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): damn shoulda thought of that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it's "look through old con photos" time
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): this is my favorite
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): uh oh what was the dennys incident?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOA thats amazing
Bill: I broke 200.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): like an hour away from the con we walked into an empty denny's and waited over an hour and a half for our food while grumpy from the con
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WOO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): o no thats the worst
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sewing dragon scales sucks
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats cray but beautiful
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it's a technique the costume designer for game of thrones invented
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): cassie knew to hit me up lol she was like "hey are you free to do a group photoshoot in 10 minutes"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): and then it became a recurring theme
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oof my pyrrha is atrocious georgia teach me the ways
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): show us
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): too late I already switched to another con <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it's bad
Bill: I've seen it, it's not.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i messed up a thing on the dress and did a last minute fix that may it lay weird and my wig shoulda been shorter
Bill: It's good.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no but you know what is good?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): this
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): minus my boot covers
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): omg thats cute pic of u
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): finger guns
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i need to get pale again
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): skin bleach back into a vampire
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): where are u guys?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): otakon! the food court in the con center
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): old con center or new?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): new!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): here's a pic of my tsuyu but i should really get a new everything for her
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'll have to see if the wig can be salvaged hmmm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): UNIFORM
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we can matchhhh
Bill: ~~Rob why you so beautiful~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea robs pretty coo too bad ill prob never speak to him
Bill: same tho.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is rob a cosplayer or photog?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I FOUND IT, see? matchyyyy
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WOOOO UNIFORMS
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): and yours doesn't have the tie tack either phew we can match
Bill: Man, if Marisa went to Tech she not only would have been on board with the uniform design, she'd have made them.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea it does, i dont hink you can see in it this pic tho?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oops rip. i'll stick a thumbtack in my tie it'll be fine.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what's tech OwO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): our high school
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are we making aurii uniforms
Bill: 
Bill: 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): when i worked at rowan people would ask me if i was going to go play tennis or if i went to catholic school
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): kawaii uwu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you would have had to PAY ME to wear a skirt on a bis for 2 hrs a day that had no heat
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): u can see whick one he cared about more <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i used to get to school in the morning and not be able to feel my feet
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ow what happened to your feet. bus?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea it was freezing and old and had no heat and the floors were metal
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so my feet would lose feeling <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I remember a color one for the guy too, I might not have it in the main folda.
Bill: 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the girls at the girls only high school near my university changed back to their winter uniforms. i like the summer ones a lot better, they're black with pleated skirts. the winter ones are light grey with pencil skirts and make them look like office workers
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): have you ever had to wear a type of uniform? i had to wear polo shirts in middle school at that sucked
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): walking to school i basically have to fight through a sea of high school girls
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no i've never had a uniform but i'd of liked one
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i wore the rattiest old clothes lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i only had 2 polos cuz the school didnt provide them, but they were mandatory.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeesh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh wait no i had 4 but 2 were navy and i didnt like them cuz i only liked the black ones
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i like outfits based on school uniforms because they're super comfy but everyone calls me out on it whoops
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i have a school cardigan i wear every day and it's so nice but i have to make sure i'm not wearing anything else uniform-like. same with vests over shirts, don't have to bother with an undershirt then but I can't wear a skirt with it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i would have had a problem being forced to wear a skirt in high school i used to hate skirts cuz i though i had thunder thighs
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): work it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this was before everyone was all "thic thighs save lives" and stuff
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): 259 messages wow
Bill: that's what happens yes.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oops
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): idk if i'll bring my gopro to katsu but we gotta at least make gifs
Bill: oh do that.
Bill: I was considering buying one, cause water proof for Katsu.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oo then I can bring it ya
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are we gonna use the pool
Bill: oops meant CCE.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oooo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): katsu pool katsu pool
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sunday night
Bill: Jake had one, which was a good idea. I can have a camera but also not have *my camera*.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh snap now that i have that fake chest i can totally recreate the fight! ippatsu juuden-chan ending theme song in a random hotel gym
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): POOL
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *crashes through window*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): MARISA I WILL GO TO THE POOL WITH YOU
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): YEAH LET'S DO IT
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sunday night pool party
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOO POOL
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i do pool anytime, sept if in mina
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): maybe a bit thursday? but we're getting there late so probably not. ~~the chlorine makes my skin clear up tho~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh wait when does the pool close?
Bill: early probably.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 9pm Thursday 11pm Friday and weekends
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 11 pm!!! WHOA
Bill: Derpycon is moving to new brunswick.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Nani where
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Holy messages
Bill: You may have missed fall Pyrrha (unless you did that with Hunter too), but you can get Snow Weiss.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And some hypothermia while I’m at it lol
