Bill: https://www.redrivercatalog.com/cost-of-inkjet-printing-canon-pro-100.html <@!351471675843411978> does this make sense to you? Trying to estimate what the cost per print would be for a 13x19.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea seems about right.
Bill: So.... it’s 2.70?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea. That's estimated of course but it's decent estimate
Bill: Pretty good.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): has anyone ever used this kind of stuff before
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): if i glue it to my shoes i hope it doesn't wreck everything i walk on
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo never used that 😮
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i usually use foot pads for shoe covers but i'm gonna be making the whole shoe and i don't want the plastidip to rub off while walking, so the pads are too small unless i buy a ton and cut them up. but I think using this tape is cheaper and has the same effect.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH SNAP arda is having a sale that lasts for like another hour i think. 15% off.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): arda actually doesn't have a big collection. that sucks.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ok i just ate 18 creampuffs and i'm buying the wig because it's about the same I'd pay on black friday
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NICE
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i've never bought arda wigs before but they're like the industry standard
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): speaking of wigs, I got my nejire wig in and it was completly wring
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH NO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): HOW
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sue them
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): in the pic it was one solid color and what i got was like a blue and white gradient
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh noooo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it was really cool, but not what i needed
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i guess there's no way to properly dye it a uniform color because the gradient will mess everything up
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~unless you gradient dye it???~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah im just gonna return it
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o good idea i didn't think of that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): SHIT Arda has 2 day shipping?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah!! their cheapest said it'd arrive in two days!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i think!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): but yeah they have quick shipping options!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea thats what it says I HAD NO IDEA
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 27 minutes until the sale ends <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the wig i would need still totals too: $63.16
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOF
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OOF
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): them long wigs
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): killer
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): do they have a curly one in the same color for cheaper? that's what I just did, bought a curly wig to straighten because it was cheaper
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and its probably not a cosplay im gonna do alot, im mostly just doing nejire so i can match tom and not do body paint on the ferry and in the sity
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): aww
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is tom gonna do his a lot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye prob but i have mina im working on for like katsu and stuff
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): bnha is friday of katsu?
Bill: mhmm.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IT SO NICE THO
https://www.arda-wigs.com/collections/classic-extra-long-wigs/products/delilah-classic?variant=2433899495436
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): E X T R A L O N G
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oooo that is really really nice
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hm. i am tempted to join in the bnha shenanigans at katsu. but i don't know when to wear katarina. she was gonna be my ball outfit but saturday judging ends early and I don't want to wear her literally all day, so maybe friday and then I can wear something else to the ball. Or I could put Katarina on Friday for a super short time and back again on Saturday? but i've never re-worn a costume at a con 😱
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): georgia's doin' a cool ochako and my tsuyu wig sucks so maybe i'll pass
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): awww dont stress too much! although wed love to have you for more group shenanigans.
WHAT NO U BE CUTE TSUYU
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *but the wig sucks*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'll see if I can salvage it
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are you doing both uniform and hero? or just hero for katsu?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): prob just hero? toms doing uniform i think tho for tTamaki
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): then perhaps I'll pass on bnha for katsu and we can do a uniform shoot another time
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Idk if georgias planning on doing uniform, but tom and i have ours
Bill: she's doing hero suit.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooo that's cool!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i know for katsu i mean like idk if shes planning it ever
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the school uniform i meann
Bill: oh yeah idk.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): she has the gym outfit too right?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): she borrowed it
Bill: think she's going to order one though.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but she sould prob borrow it again
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oooo
has she started working on the hero suit that's gonna be a lot of foam
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo neato
Bill: Doubt it.
Bill: I don't think she's started anything for Katsu.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If i fet a 100 cm wig for Nejeri do you think that could pass?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://www.arda-wigs.com/collections/classic-extra-long-wigs/products/venus-classic?variant=1922776825868
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'll bring some white boots and gloves and can be hagakure
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah that's pretty long I think it'll work
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are you gonna style the bottom?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 12 minutes no pressure
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): UHHH prob not cuz i have no wig stlying skills
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BUDGET NEJIRE
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): das ok I think you're fine then, the styling would make it shorter
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): marisa support me decisions i am blessed
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i grant u support and +15 dex
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YAY
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think this ones color is more accuate too even tho it shorter
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof it still 40 tho ARGH i hate long wings
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that like double the cheapy one
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): YEAH they're so expensive
arda is cheaper if you buy from them at cons
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): but still
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do they tangle less?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 4 mins oh boi
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah supposedly
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): HURRY
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): my epiccosplay one does it's really nice
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOOO I DID IT OH BOI
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh shit why does it say Jess Hammerle" and not Jessica
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh snap that venus one is really nice why didn't i order that one
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ONE MINUTE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dids it but my name is wrong <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): will it ever reach you
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh i didn't get the venus because bangs
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): maybe i should have because i do need to cut bangs. oh well rip frantic thinking
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the bangs on this girl are weird so maybe it's better if i didn't
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hopefully i can make it work
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wig prayer circle
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do think they can work for Nejire?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the blue one? ye!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye the shorter one, for the bangs i mean
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): bangs on wigs usually come long
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I emailed them about the first name thing I dont want it to not go through cuz of the Jess vs. Jessica thing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YAY i hope it is good cuz I am a cheap wig gurl so anytime i spend over 20 im like UGH
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah why wigs so expensive 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IDK 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i hope i get it in time <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hopefully!! did it say how long it would take?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 3-5 to process order and then 1-2 for shipping
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): con is next saturday
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i *should* be ok
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o yeah I thought it was this weekend. you should be good
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im having wig anxiety XD
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): don't wig out
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I AM TOO LATE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof i could have to wait another 2 days for them to respond to me name change message 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i was rushing so i didnt relise autofill fucked it up
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it should be ok!!!! i mixed up names on an order once so it didn't match the billing info and it went through!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH GOOD i hope it ok then i mean the last name is right and the first name is mostly correct so
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah the names i wrote were totally different both first and last
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEET
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the mangaka is super inconsistent in how they draw the skirt but at least they made this tutorial. thank u.
