Bill: Casey did #flannelfam. Guess it’s the big leagues now.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Woohoo big leagues
Bill: There's a two pack softbox lighting rig on sale on amazon.
Bill: But it requires being in a 'studio' scenario.
Bill: IE, near power outlets.
Bill: It's a good deal, but if I were to pick it up would I use it?
Bill: ~~I'm asking you all because you'd be the people I shoot with, it's only really for portrait stuff~~
Bill: And I already have so much photography stuff in my room...
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): <@!351785752197201920> <@!351471675843411978> what were your thy Geekdom Con ideas for cosplay?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ~~wtf to @ tom I need to type “Elfriede” cause he doesn’t have the parenthesis anymore~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): The only idea I have it's yato and Hiyori if I get her redone in time
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: i dont really have an idea lmao
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I don’t wanna wear anything old but I don’t have time to make anything new
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And I have a handful of half finished projects but eh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Big mood 😂
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Jess you wanna wear anything of mine? We’re all the same size, we should take advantage of this lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmmmmm maaaaybe your vault suit? 🤔
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Ye I’d be cool with that if you wanna!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye that would probably be coo <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Ye ye
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I wonder if amazon sells my hero uniforms fast enough
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): The answer is no lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You can buy the gym uniform at spirt Halloween
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): REALLY
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Wow that’s how you know somethings popular
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea! I don't know how much they are but I saw them there
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Might even be on sale🤔🤔
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I have a wig from Max from life is strange
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And I really wanna Ochako from her fight with Bakugo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo yea!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I only see the kids online now but maybe they still have it in store?
Bill: or just general Amazon.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I know Rei has one if they'd let you borrow it
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): General amazon takes too long to ship oof
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): O tru and only the pants would need to fit
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I have the tank top lol
Bill: you know people with prime, if that helps.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There are some on prime $45 and up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That makes me wanna do mina oof, probbaly just casual tho or gym uniform of if I wanna drop the cash but oof
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Too many oofs
Bill: it's a pretty small con to start body painting for.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It's ok I have a pro with me
Bill: But you'd be like, doing alot of work for a small number of people to appreciate it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Tru
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): wait did you really find one that would arrive on time
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): cause all the ones i saw had prime but would arrive between november 4 and december 4
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): and i was like nope not risking that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo NVM I didn't check actual arrival time
