No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I don’t get photographers who say “pm for rates.” Why they do that. I get from a business viewpoint it gets more interaction with their page? But also probably costs them more clients.
Bill: Probably let’s them be more selective of what they shoot?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that makes sense but then they also comment on people's lineups. people will be like "here's what I'm cosplaying! tell me who wants to shoot with me and your asking price!" and people will be like "i wanna shoot this costume, pm me for rates"
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Lmao
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): wow claire stopped opening public shoots for katsu
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): she had 3 clients cancel their shoots and demand refunds on the no-refund down payment
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and then one client was just angry and dragged her on social media
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): d a y u m
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): What????
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): why they do?
Bill: Don't blame her.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): That’s horrible
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oh no she said she would still shoot with me ;3c
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but shes not publicly opening bookings
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thats so unfortunate that she had SO many people be jerks last katsu tho
Bill: I mean I don't blame her for closing public shoots.
Bill: ~~last katsu sucked~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah i mean she made good money id assume
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 70 per shoot tho i got a discount
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cause i shot with her the last 3 katsus
Bill: ~~So I should start charging you 70~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~70 hugs? 70 trips to grey towers? 70 pieces of candy that i will inhale at gingerbread? sure 70 anything~~
Bill: Nothing.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 70 crunchy leaves
Bill: Anyway I'm sure she has a pretty good group of regulars for her to lean on.
Bill: Saturday is panel deadline for Zenkai.
Bill: Mark seemed like he really wanted to see whose relic is it anyway...
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 70!!!!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I see lots of Konkon hesitation in chat
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Or at least i get those vibes
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Even Hal game me hesitation
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): konkon is cancelled
Bill: I guess a lot the fun was the 20 person group.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The fun was the new friends
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye
Bill: I'm watching youtube whose line clips... It takes three performers to keep up with Robin Williams.
Bill: That man was a genius.
