Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i was referencing how many panels ive been in
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): holy shit
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _what have i done with my life_
Bill: Speaking of <@!301927856240459777> we need you
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im wondering if i should submit the "how to host" panel again actually hm
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): omg this is also every con ive been to
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): h e l p
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Bill: Haha nerd.
Bill: I dunno who to put for the second panelist either.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): if kotoricon comes through, itll be #49
Bill: Cause Mark turned it down.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and katsu will be #50 LOL
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: I don’t want Hal to get it. Him being one of the other people who wanted to be involved.
Bill: Lord knows he’s not reliable or helpful.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _ill take that bullet for you billiam_
Bill: (I’m assuming a fair portion of BNE with be involved, but second panelist gets free badge if approved)
Bill: ~~is that why you were looking at your panel history?~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oh i mean i already get free badge from helping Autumn with BNHA
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i mean i was looking at my history to submit to the zenkaikon one lol
Bill: Ah. Mark still going to be on the panel, he was deferring for the badge.
Bill: You can be involved as well though?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye ill help you guys however you need!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I be pinged what happen
Bill: whose line panel for Zenkai.
Bill: Is swearing going to put us in the 18+ category?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): nooo
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): pg-13 allows for many shits and hecks
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but only 1 fuck
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): tho this may be better as a later night panel anyways
Bill: try to limit me to one 'fuck'. (<:lenny:395307171539189760>) I can out swear Bakugou.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Ya PG13 only allows you one curse word
We don’t have staff monitoring every panel as it happens so you could get away with it but if someone complains or a staff member catches you, panelists won’t be welcomed back
Bill: improv is hard enough without self censoring too...
Bill: might as well give it the 18+.
Bill: also, for the second panelist, they good about checking if that person is at that panel?
Bill: cause Mark is dumb and wants to give the badge to someone else cause he an adult.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): They usually strict about that yeah, since recently people have been putting their friends on the second panelist list and then running the panel alone so the friends can get free badges
Bill: which wouldn't exactly be the case, but I dunt wanna piss off staff.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Mmhmm. There ought to be a staff member who helps set up the room and makes sure you show up on time and they’d be in charge of asking for names.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): You could just say “yeah this is mark” for whoever has the second badge
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Damn you guys are veterans
Bill: A possible alternate for badge is Hal and I don't want him involved in anything I'm planning.
Bill: Cause he's terrible at planning.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Nnoooooo not him
Bill: right.
Bill: not going to be able to put anyone down, at this rate.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah thats just better
Bill: Ah yes, the lone wolf.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> do they put serious weight on prior panel experience?
Bill: In that scenario I'd put down Georgia anyway for her *resume*. ~~Unless I'd rather see the panel not go live~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Depends on the panel. They’re not gonna check your name on a list of past panelists but if they see a name they recognize they’ll be like “oh it’s that person we have every year” or “oh it’s that person we banned last year”
Bill: ~~btw I want to put you down~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): me or marisa
Bill: Marisa specifically.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cause they know marisa
Bill: Cause they know her.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeeee
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Hewwo
Bill: But, you have a copy and paste resume to use too.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): They know my name maybe but I’m always in a different so they can’t recognize me hehe
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I was gonna submit another panel for zenkai but I didn’t realize the deadline was so close so I’m abandoning it for now. Maybe for 2020 kotori they know me there
Bill: alright now what do.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Dab
Bill: Feel like it would be weird to put down two additional presenters and no Presenter 2.
Bill: But Presenter 2 requires address and email and phone and stufff.
Bill: ~~and you both have free badges already~~
Bill: eh, both of you give me an email to use.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): MarsD0u0@gmail.com
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ouo
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): glsandidge@gmail.com
Bill: actually should I not put you down Mawisa? If you have staff duties it'd be a problem.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I just have to make sure I can take time off for the panel. If it’s after the dealers hall closes it shouldn’t be a problem
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Staff can run panels. Most panels are run by staff
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): If it’s 18+ and not at like 3am it should be fine
Bill: I ain't running a 3am panel so
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): How would I help the panel tho would I be one of the cosplayers
Bill: ~~I put late night for the timing~~
Bill: ~~fuck~~
Bill: idk, I expect it not to be approved.
Bill: Too fandom specific.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): expect the worst but prepare anyway so you aren't caught off-guard if you do get accepted
Bill: Have half of it anyway.
Bill: I low key don't really want to do it? I know I'd enjoy it, but also "working" at a con?
Bill: Too late now.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): if u don't wanna do it don't submit!
or I could MC it for you but you gotta do something
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oh hey an email <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): OH i'm the second presenter hey wassup
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the fate of the asexuals is to always help run 18+ games
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): there are way better cosplayers but i could do volume 1 ruby / volume 1 blake / neon if u need any of those
Bill: Wasn't going to be a strictly cosplayer panel.
Bill: 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o so it's any person who wants to join? das neat
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): omg. so my friend who draws south park yaoi for comiket.
she did a photoshoot cosplaying randy as lorde
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): https://twitter.com/tatsumin_sp/status/1068505785796153349
Bill: I'm not sure if I would be amazed to see an Irisu Syndrome cosplayer.... or utterly terrified.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'd mistake them for a touhou cosplayer whoops
Bill: That was my other thought.
Bill: But to see Irisu in real life.
Bill: I dunno.
Bill: ~~Do not *ever* surprise me with an Irisu cosplay~~
Bill: Since you know what that even is.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~there go all my cosplay plans for 2019~~
Bill: My camera gear is very heavy, would make a great club.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): dance club
Bill: *dokuro club*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): E X C A L I B O L G
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): georgia i have so many costume plans already im gonna die
ur enthusiasm is welcome but pls don't encourage my bad cosplay behavior
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~on the other hand *georgia says it's ok i'm gonna do it*~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): :3c
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What's ok? 😮
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): m o r e c o s p l a y
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i like the design of the girl in that liar princess/blind prince game trailer
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): YEAH
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): *jess not you too*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yesss!! our danle ronple group found a gundam i'm happy
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): tfw you log into instagram and see an untagged pic of yourself
ok.jpg
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i guess you can't tag yourself in pics huh 🤔 
I was actually opening the app to post a pic from the same shoot. would that seem passive aggressive to do now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oh they just tagged me hahaha oops
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oh but it's a differnt pic
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ok.jpg
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): apparently there was some danganronpa confusion because there's also a PJ party? but the organizer of the PJ party wasn't letting a 14 year old attend the pj party? what's up with katsu and its adult pj parties
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Making a priority list for costumes to get done. Katarina and Ray are at the very top, then Ralsei, then the liar princess. I can do ralsei and the princess in one day each so maybe if ray and Katarina are doing well I’ll bump up the princess and do her before the game releases in the US so she’s ready on release day. Then priority for April is something for homestuck’s 10 year annivesary
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ikr we’re so old
