Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Tfw the sewing goes from easy peasy lemon squeezy to hard hard lemon hard real fast 😵
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): whatcha sewin?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hiyori's uniform
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): oooo OwO
pics! pics! pics!
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> Peak leaves are supposed to be this or next weekend. FYI.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean there's not much to show yet but
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mad me first dart wowie
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I was hoping to reuse the collar of my bought Hiyori costume but I don't think it's gonna work 😭
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): WOOOO
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): why won't the collar work?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Well it looks like this in the directions
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But mine looks like this
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): that seems like it should be ok? :0 does it not align correctly?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Also the directions went from like "sew this and this together" to
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea it does line up hold on I'll show you with the pattern with it
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YaeA just like tgat
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): o the instructions kind of make sense. you already have the collar so you can ignore most of it and just attach it to the shirt maybe hm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Do you think it will still work even though it's not the same at the pattern?
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): it looks like it'll work 🤔 
pin it down and see! that way you can test it before committing 100%
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): O yea that's a thing
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): ~~it's a thing i have learned to rely on through many horrible hardships~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye think I gotta make my own there's like alot of extra bunching uo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): we have been #blessed with this selfie
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao I had my tounge out but I cut myself off so now Ima derp
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like it's close to working but ahhhh
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): darts in the collar!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮😮😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Genious
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Soooo cloooseee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hopefully I can salvage it cuz that will save so ume time
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I will continue the collar journey.... Saturday? Maybe.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Sewing directions always scare me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think I read the directions once when I made me Nora jacket and got really confused and figured out the rest with just the pictures and what made sense to me
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): cliffhanger
