Bill: <@!301927856240459777> Cosinspire have any horror stories attached to it?
Bill: ~~throw back to when you did a panel for cosplay 101 at the anime club~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Never heard of it :0
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): If it’s a website be careful because (it used to be much worse but) there’s a lot of horrible low-quality or flat out scam sites
Bill: oops I accidentally already ordered. (actually did, I thought there was an order review after finishing the paypal charge).
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Is this The Pit
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): omg be careful yo track that cosplay 24/7 that’s so fishy
Bill: ~~is it?~~
Bill: I can double order I suppose... Or cancel that one...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I thinks so!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Cosplay websites can be very shady
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Oooooo Pit
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): Peter Griffin was at AnimeNYC https://v.redd.it/zh2ihvrdb6z11
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh wow
Bill: I want to ask if Rebecca likes to have extremely bright, kinda foggy photos as a stylistic choice or if it’s a limitation of her camera. But I don’t want to sound negative about it, I’m just curious.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> Katsu.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *crashes through wall* KATSU
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hewwo
Bill: You already planned your shoots.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i have torn myself away from meowth chainging
Bill: I need Marisa to give me times so I can start talking to non Aurii peeps.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i only gots 3 shoots so far thooo D:
Bill: well, speak now.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i have 2 wif u and one wif rebecca
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh wait and nier too right? so 4
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oo
what did you want to shoot
Bill: I have you down for a floating NPR shoot at some point as well.
Bill: Corrin, Katarina.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo ok 5 shoots
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats one shoot for each of my main cosplays, i kinda want ball pics but idk what im doing yet, I just like that corny prom photo aesthetic
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Katarina you said was ok Friday night around 7-ish if I finish judging. Corrin will be Saturday morning.

are we doing mystic mess twins/MC, deltarune, and pajama heros
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *and/or
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jess we can take all the prom photos
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA MM ON SUNDAY WHOOO
Bill: We can do night, though I might want to flex it about a bit so we can coordinate dinner.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o and boudoir-not-boudoir if you wanted to do that but it's entirely up to you
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i carry chips all day for dinner
Bill: Gimme a time for Corrin.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): saturday morn or early afternoon
Bill: 1pm?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that works
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that's a very prime time are you sure there's nothing else occurring you'd rather do
Bill: ~~Nothing past 11am is a good time~~
Bill: ~~It's Katsu~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no i meant like other photoshoots/gatherings
Bill: Marisa, *I* want to shoot it, and your one of my *closest friends*. AND Katsu is *marisa con*.
Bill: Of course I want to shoot you then.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): MARISACON
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no no katsu is katsucon it's in the name
Bill: Also the only gathering I know of for saturday rn is BNHA, and since no friends will be in it idk.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooo. everyone is hero-ing friday right?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jess did you want to cosplay kris
Bill: Nier at golden hour?
Bill: Good plan.
Bill: <@!351471675843411978> <@!351785752197201920> <@!245270932602486784> Nier at Golden hour (5pm), voice complaints otherwise I'm leaving it as that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): sound good for neir
Bill: Make it 4:30, I'mma want plenty of time.
Bill: I never get to actually shoot in golden hour light so I want to do it right.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): kris is blue yea? with armor? D:
Bill: being ready before the hour starts would be nice.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): kris can just be a striped t-shirt!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dis one?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): like this
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): toms doing asriel?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): but without the alcohol
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is he? i assumed so but maybe he's still on the fence?
Bill: Damn. Das waifable.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!351785752197201920> are you commiting to Asrial? idk how to spell it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): who u wanna do mawisa?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can do Ralsei
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~i was thinking of actually playing da games since tom said they are both pretty short~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): **do it**
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): undertale is already on my computer
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): there you go you have no excuse not to
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): tom says its not a hard game and i already know not to kill anyone ever
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): well you can kill people
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): if you want
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that's also a way to play
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea but i want good end
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): murder end
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont want sans to be disappoint in me
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): so my katsu shoots are gonna be katarina and corn shoots ya? owo
biru did you want to do mystic mess and deltarune if we do deltarune
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think toms prettty busy today cuz hes the only one in his office but i will ask him later
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is anyone going to the hero pajama party
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think he already said he'd do MM
YEA me and <@!245270932602486784>  i think
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ok i join too owo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): froppy?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Bill: Everyone's going to the pj party, not much else to do in the evening.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i didn't want to go if no one else was going because normally at con pajama parties i just trade gifts and leave
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA WE GO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 437 interested in the meetup lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe tom will make both our deltarune cosplays wince im handling both our mm cosplays
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can't find the pajama meetup on facebook 😱
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *biru. the group shoots.*
Bill: the late ones?
Bill: Remember when I said I don't bother with late shoots cause quality?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): found it yehaw
what do you mean late shoots
i was asking if you wanted to shoot the mystic mess and potential deltarune ones
Bill: ~~though I should, my camera can probably handle it and make some good photos, I just don't want the typical pressure of having good photos come back from what would be an experiment~~
Bill: ~~I need to practice shooting~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): pew pew noises
Bill: That's it, we're having out on cosplay shoot slumber party, with ~~blackjack and hookers~~ cats and Mystic Messenger.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮 MYSMESSSSS
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WOOO
by out on cosplay do you mean in cosplay
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OwO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): put*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): phones like o make put into out for somereason
Bill: ~~actually a good idea~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): a PJ party with 3 MCs please
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~i'll volumize my hair so i don't need to wear a wig~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): regular mc, jumin bad end mc, mint eye mc. bam.
Bill: Why did this turn into a yuri shoot. It's literally a game about texting boys.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is this selfcest
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~sssso is mystic mess katsu shoot a no-go biru~~
Bill: Oh, no, I already have that down.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): [longest yeah boy to date]
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): does katsu have a piano
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah in the bar area
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i ahe dreams of piano searan and violin ray
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and mc in there somewhere
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i dunno if we can use the bar piano though. i do know a lot of people just bring their own pianos to katsu
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): mc laying on the piano
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): legit every year i've gone since like 2012 i've seen someone with their own piano/keyboard
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): usually different people
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG WHAT
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): GOALS
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): fuck can we get fake blue roses
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): there was a maki with a keyboard when they had the fire alarm evacuation, and then a miku cosplayer with a keyboard
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~tempted to bring my keyboard with me when i do tsubaki~~
Bill: I'm not super worried about sunday scheduling cause we have all day.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I FORGOT WE WERE STAYING SUNDAY AGAIN
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ye i was gonna bring a ton of fake roses in different colors, especially if boudoir
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jess whatcha cosplaying monday
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its like the gift that keeps on givinh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😱
Bill: ~~say that when you get the hotel split~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): when are down payments for that due
Bill: I dont do that.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): :0
Bill: Don't screw me over.
Bill: I don't expect you will.
Bill: If you do, I probably won't invite you to stay again.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do we have a ballpark at all?
Bill: My usual line is 'no payment, no room key'; but I make exceptions when needed (getting paid friday of con being a common one).
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): then when is payment due
Bill: when I get the room keys.
Bill: I... can't give you a key before then can I.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): do you accept paypal
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): or cold hard cash only
Bill: both.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *pays for katsu room in all pennies*
Bill: banned.
Bill: Marisa, this is not a process like with Courtney. I just do. I only room with friends, I trust everyone to pay me their share, and because we're friends I don't make this complicated.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i don't understand and now my toes are trapped in the zipper of a handbag this is too complicated
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): directions unclear
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): owo how does courtney do it?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): she asks for a down payment of $100 then at check-out either asks for the rest of the money or refunds people depending on how much the total was
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooooo yea that makes sense
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): when i hosted a room i asked for money up front but it was really awful and chaotic and i'm pretty sure people shorted me
Bill: 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): one girl went off her meds and went crazy
Bill: Assuming 6 of us stay all four.
Bill: so 262.54.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are we retaining two rooms for the last day, or all merging in to one room?
Bill: Big thing with Courtney's variables is parking. We do that by car, whoever's driving can figure it out.
Bill: Merging into 1.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): courtney does parking by car also
Bill: ~~I forgot to ask if anyone was going to chip in for ANYC parking~~
Bill: ~~I feel petty pointing it out seriously~~
Bill: ~~It's like 4 bucks, that's too little to follow up on~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I can confirm Katsu shoots after midterm today plz and thank
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): beat them up and steal their lunch money to cover the cost
Bill: Good luck.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ganbatte ne
Bill: Uh, no Marisa.
Bill: ~~Marisa wants me to beat up Tom and Jess~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT NO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): alternative idea: create a fight circle with tom and jess and raise the money by selling tickets to your fight
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea we were wondering about that since we took one car there and on back but we can def pay-pal you a few bucks
Bill: I mean, unless I say anything to Erik and Rebecca I don't think you have to... and idk, it just feels petty to ask for such a small split?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i buy u a drink next tome we go out
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): woter
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: but the expensive water.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): fuji
Bill: ~~that's been aged 5 to 8 years~~
Bill: ~~in a barrel~~
Bill: sigh. I don't think Trello is going to work for shoots.
Bill: Maybe I'll try calendar like Jess said.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah I'd say I wanna do Asriel
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what day you guys wanna deltarune
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And I'm leaning towards ashitaka?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): for katsu ya?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OO we doing dat for katsu?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Idk but I was leaning towards it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BAB whats your line up we gotta plan
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like idealy i can yeet rayla the plans for more couple cosplays or groups
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Line up? Pppffft
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BAB WE GOTTA PLAN
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what i have so far. different color is a different cosplay but lemme know when you wanna do deltarune and i can change accordingly
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>  3pm saturday is labinaks mononoke meetup
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is there really a mononoke meetup
Bill: Mangoloo is doing the forest god.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooooooooo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is it a public meetup? usually katsu has a ghibli shoot
Bill: Idk.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://www.facebook.com/events/474552753053370/
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 面白い
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Good to know
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I don't even know what all the cosplays I'm doing are yet xD I'm supposed to be unknown at some point?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And Asriel and possibly ashitaka
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): unknown is some point on sunday right? sunday morning?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): your doing Suit Saeran on sunday
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its not the outfit you allready have, its a new outfit we need to buy
Bill: 9S for Nier!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Im doing nora friday morning and mina in the afternoon i kinda figured you be rwby/bnha with us too but you dont have too
Bill: So... were most people not going to the BNHA group shoot then?
Bill: cause 12:30 is early to do a change for.
Bill: right, Jackie was doing RWBY sometime friday afternoon.
Bill: Then changes.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im not worring about group shoots personally
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah I don't really care a ton about group shoots
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you can also do Adam fro nier, we have justin as 9s if you want wanna do neir at all
Bill: oh tru.
Bill: More Nier.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah idk
Bill: ~~you can lovingly caress Justin~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Nier? Saeran Asriel Ashitaka somebnhashit? Somerwbyshit?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Is what I'm supposed to be doing?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what do you want to do?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you havent said anything about katsu really
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): whenever i talk about you dont say anything so idk
Bill: I mean, it is early.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Prob Adam Asriel and Ashitaka. I have no prob doing Saeran either
Bill: I just wanted to get the 'inner circle dibs' done.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): (imreallysickofrwby)
Bill: Katsu would be a good con to break from it...
Bill: Since BNHA con.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Bnha? Idk if I wanna do anyone
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I'll prob do elf Sasuke cuz he's easy
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Idk tho
Bill: Plus you look good in it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmm well if your not doing Ren... 😬
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I might not do Nora
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I CAN do Ren I just don't have any desire to
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's fine you don't have to
Bill: ~~I only have a bunch more JNPR to give you anyway, you ain't starved for JNPR content~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If you don't wanna do RWBY or BNHA then that leaves us with nothing mathing on Friday at all, if my schedule stays the same.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Like I said I *can*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't want to make you do anything we just need to figure out when you are doing what so I can plan
Bill: Does Katsu have a fighting game meetup for Leo?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont see one
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah idk I'll look at what I'm committed to and go from there
Bill: I kinda get why, unfortunately. It's hard to organize all the different games, but alone the meetup will be so smol...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I know its really early for con planning for you, but everyone is trying to make groups and schedule shoots and i get half my enjoyment at cons by cosplaying with other people especially you so id like to match up with as much as possible, Im not gonna make you do anything you dont wanna but id like to atleast be able to plan with or around you
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and if i cant match with you id at least like to know we are not matching so i can find others to team up with
Bill: God I hate calendar software.
Bill: Oh.
Bill: Trampoline park.
Bill: Uraraka.
Bill: boom.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): scrap everything
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): elfriede, all three days
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): boom toms line up is done
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao dont tempt him
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): :3c
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <@245270932602486784> I'll have his fucking ears in a little plastic ziplock bag
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omg
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And just carry them around with sharpie on the bag that says "I'm not a furry or this is the Faun legacy"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): omg
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): headcanon does elfriedes family keep the fuckin ears in a ziploc bag
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Maybe in a jar
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): A jar labeled mistakes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do we know when the ball is?
Bill: Probably saturday, but I don't think it's official yet.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i wonder what time it was last year
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it prob on my calender
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it was 8p satturday
Bill: fairly early.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this what i have so far
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is subject to change
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i could technically cram 1 more in on friday and saturday and 1 or 2 more on sunday 🤔
Bill: Easily more on Sunday.
Bill: Or redo something to get less crowded photos/better locations.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea its more the other 2 days im more concerned with
Bill: ^ maybe that for Katarina <@!301927856240459777>, if 7pm friday blows
Bill: Yeah, the important plan aheads are groups fri-sat. Sunday can flex.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i might have to trade out nora or rayla :/
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i guess Id trade nora first
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>  and i have to discuss stuff so i cant actually figure this out
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i have no ideas for the ball
Bill: Yukata 2B!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cant, too short
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): technically MC and Saeran are formal but idk if i wanna do them twice
Bill: True, mood.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): tom mentioned he doesnt even wanna do theball?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so i have no clue
Bill: True I remember that.
Bill: I may find it depressing and agree.
Bill: Kinda a couple thing to me.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~yea me too~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): no exclusicvly
Bill: Though he was talking about the Zenkai ball.
Bill: Iirc.
Bill: Katsu is more high school prom so more friends group like.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but like idk something i like to do as a couple OH YEA maybe you are right
Bill: Zenkai is a hard pass for me, I think.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont remeber which was zenki
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i wore the smae thing to all of them
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): anext was the themed one
Bill: If it wasn’t for my quest to get Rebecca and Erik dancing I was *this* close to break down. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): zenkai i danced with richard?
Bill: Anext was themed. Zenkai was string quartet.
Bill: Yeah!
Bill: And Katsu was RWBY dance circle.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ok now i remember
Bill: Next depends on the theme, Katsu is a if everyone else is, Zenkai is a skip if they do strings again.
Bill: It’s not actually a couple only thing, but it can feel that way and strings just mean more slow stuff.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye the strings werent LIT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): katsus was good though i liked that one
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): IT OK JESS ILL DANCE WITH U
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): THANK 😭
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m gonna do Ocha-cha and I think Justin said he would be Baku-hoe for the formal ball
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooo neato! I'd do mina but I don't wanna paint myself twice opp
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Don’t paint
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Lex didn’t at CCE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmmm true but accuracy 😂
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): CCE makes sense cuz pools and stuff
Bill: Nijiri?
Bill: She has the dress in the fashion show.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea Tru
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): No one can tell you’re unpainted in the darkkk
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Truuuueee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Idk I gotta think about it and see where Tom stands
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m still imagining like Tom insists on wearing Elfriede all weekend
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like “Tom we have to change for the formal” “no I’ll be formal Elfriede” “_tom that’s not even canon_”
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I DREW A FORMAL ELFRIEDE THO
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): IT EXISTS
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _in the game tho?_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): BILLIAM THATS WHAT WE NEED a formal
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): That’s how we get the gang back together
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): WOO YEEE
Bill: Actually not a terrible idea.
