No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Are you gonna do the Katsu PJ party too?
Bill: I guess.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): You guess correctly
Bill: Wouldn’t know what to use for PJs.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): a fallout shirt
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lols
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): That cloud of steam in a can
Bill: fallout or get a gym uniform.
Bill: Marisa, no one wants to see that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): just get a tshirt with a smiley on it
Bill: What an amazing photo. Unstaged.
Bill: Wish street photography wasn’t so scary.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): did u see that article about the guy taking pics at the grande canyon and caught someone proposing tot heir gf at sunset on accident?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): did you see the reddit post recently about the street photography that captured some guy upchucking
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~two kinds of unstaged photography~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo im sorry it was yosemite
Bill: Didn’t see either.
Bill: This other guy Pal’d around with gangsters.
Bill: Just like hey can I take some photos of you shooting ho the crypts?
Bill: And they said yeah.
Bill: Fucking amazing.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://www.usatoday.com/story/travel/experience/america/national-parks/2018/10/19/proposal-captured-yosemite-photographer-searches-couple-twitter-social-media/1698538002/
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that's horrifying what if they fall
Bill: There was a viral engagement photo over a canyon that someone died trying to imitate.
Bill: Me, watching this documentary on street photographers: *what background music would you use for my photos?*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): utauloid
Bill: I was reminded, Tom and I decided you have to cosplay a Korok Marisa.
Bill: And go "Yahaha, you found me" all day.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yahaha!
I made a Korok keychain but never produced it, I was gonna do that when I ordered more pikachu keychains to sell
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm gonna hide under a rock
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Self promo for my pikachu keychains that I should really redraw because Oof that’s bad
They come free with a Pokémon neck pillow that I only made five of that I think sold out
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooo cute!
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): wooo pokemon neck pillloow
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): anything marisa made is a national treasure
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i wish nic cage would come and steal everything
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): but then youd have nothing OoO
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'd have a Legend™ to tell
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): but hey, nicholas cage
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): finger guns emoji
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): https://media1.tenor.com/images/7697025680d656e8f7cb5bbedc7eb5da/tenor.gif?itemid=12348056
Bill: Well... if I visit Tomu and Jess to borrow the wig head and style Mirio, I could do that at BNHAkon. Not that I have anything christmasy.
Bill: ~~actually what is Tom even doing for that~~
Bill: ~~I only know Jess is doing Mina~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm not anymore
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Jamie doing Mina
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Also traveling 2 hrs in body paint is blah
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~also we're both low key having second thoughts about about konkon~~
Bill: oooo?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): We don't have any plans, were dropping alot of money on Christmas this year so we don't really wanna buy anything new, kinda feel like we are out of time, we didn't ~~excactly enjoy freezing and getting gawkrd at last year either~~
Bill: Less of a cohesive group, and there's not much to do beyond get photos.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): On top of that the didn't really feel comfortable going into any of the shops in costume
Bill: I'm told there's not much to the shops, honestly.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea so konkons a maybe at this point with us but Tom's not feeling it at all and inclined to agree
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I know I'll feel left out day of but... Idk if it's worth
Bill: Can't really argue with your points, and they all pretty much apply to me too.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My other idea was nejeri but I feel like she's not big enough for a holiday version even
Bill: You could take a camera, if you wanted to photograph for the day.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Eh
Bill: Big three got some good recognition at ANYC.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea in canon outfits
Bill: but again, spending money.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): In Christmas outfits I'll look like that girl from fairy tale
Bill: Juvia lol. Fair point.
Bill: I’m not going to try and convince you tbh, I get where you coming from. Especially if it’s cold as hell.
Bill: I dunno if I’ll want to drive alone too.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea it's just not appeling to me anymore
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm gonna have a busy weekend this weekend too, so no time to work on anything
Bill: You might be able to get away with mostly reusing parts of Nora, but Tom’s Ren was pretty to the character.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yup and there's still the freezing part
Bill: Could technically wear an ugly Christmas sweater and be done with it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea those aren't cheap tho
Bill: But that’s less interesting for photos, and photos are the only thing to do asides chat.
Bill: ~~I figured you’d have one~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nope
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They are usually like $45 so I've never bought one
Bill: General closet cosplay is the same thing.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Sure but like I'm not gonna drop $45 to do something I already don't wanna do at a time of year when $45 could buy gifts for people
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm feeling financially restricted rn due to buying a car and a windshield and now Christmas, and then katsu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Doing me a big stress , gotta sleep noaw
Bill: Yeah I was saying you could skip the sweater and do closet stuff (never meant to say buy one), but you’d still have the same meh problems.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): you could come cosplaying as tom and jess in warm outfits to still hang out ❤
Bill: Yeah that. Still going to freeze.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🤔 I'll think about it
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: better one, or two?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Is this the eye doctor
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): They are pm the same
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Maybe 1
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But like, they are pretty much the same
Bill: They are the same. One just has some crappy spot editing out the edge of the table in the top left.
Bill: this is why I don't edit!
Bill: I should use preset more. I only look at them for actual photography, but they make this editing process non existent and I dig it.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Twoooo
