Bill: Looks like Monica is the ONLY person to do this lotto thing.
Bill: I’m going to pretend it’s cause I presented it poorly and not cause it’s not worth entry. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): I just saw it 2 seconds ago and considered it <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: You didn’t have to do it tho
Bill: It wasn’t just Monica! Mak messaged me!
Bill: ANYC is pretty cheap to get a room.
Bill: Spitball, lets say our group would stay the saturday night in the city for ANYC. Does that need to be two room?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh jeez idk
Bill: Justin and Rayna as a maybe?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hmmm prob not so close to CCE? b ut not sure
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): which reminds me they are both in for Anime next
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and also they have 1-2 other friends interested but idk if we have room for them, they said bassically nbd if we dont
Bill: Next I only booked two iirc.
Bill: Yeah, only booked two.
Bill: Zenkai I booked three cause overkill and *no down paymentssss*
Bill: Which is why I booked a second for ANYC.
Bill: No thursday, it's too local for thursday.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): o i didnt eve know we had next rooms yet whoops
Bill: ,...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its hard to keep track ok
Bill: ~~I totally didn't just check that we did~~
Bill: Two rooms sheraton.
Bill: The flagged section of my inbox is literally just hotel reservation confirmations. XD
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cool cool we have room for justin and rayna?
Bill: They were there last year, so... yes.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i figured since they were there last year u prob counted them in but i wasnt sure
Bill: I haven't changed the line up.
Bill: We have everything for next year except CCE, + ANYC as a new entry.
Bill: Because CCE is still not live.
Bill: Need to clue Justin and Rayna in on Zenkai, cause that's easy to get everyone in on.
Bill: @bne ~~not that I need to care if there's down deposits to make my reservations~~
Bill: Also curious if ANYC has enough to do for a full con weekend.
Bill: I mean, 1 day entirely for artist alley, obviously.
Bill: No real interest to try the panels/guest stuff, so dealers, cosplay meetups...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): AHHH i keep getting confused on what server im in
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think i need to do some number crouching, figure out how much we are actually spending at cons, talk to <@!351785752197201920>  about financial goals and stuff, and go from there.
Bill: like I said, no commitments.
Bill: Really, don't stress this, it's 11 months away.
Bill: I just wanted the rooms in my pocket so *if* we want to, we can.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea, we've spend a couple grand on cons this year and i think we need to evaluate that a little
Bill: mood.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): could iiii maybe get room split estimates? that an be high estimates since we dont know set number of people yet
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): when u get a chance, doesnt have to be rn
Bill: It's 233/night.
Bill: lets spitball Erik, Georgia, you two, myself.
Bill: 46 a night.
Bill: I'm guessing Kurtis would try and join us, if he can.
Bill: Also, I don't think I want to play air mattress foo in NYC. The reviews for every hotel I've looked in NYC say small rooms, which is to be expected in the city.
Bill: Dunno if we can make air mattresses work.
Bill: two rooms, 4 people a piece is 60.
Bill: (58.25) technically.
Bill: I need to contact tristan...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~low key meant for the year~~
Bill: what, every con?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye, its hard to plan when i dont know cost 😦 thats why i said it doesnt have to be right now
Bill: Animenext and Zenkai are going to be almost identical.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): as this year? or too each other
Bill: as this year.
Bill: ~~Zenkai 100 dollars cheaper than Next, plz no identical to each other~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): well IDK
Bill: I'm just begging the con gods.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im gonna try to update my spreadsheet
Bill: for con things, or cosplay things?
Bill: <@!325788935865368578> so what's this about you considering da Katsu?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cons
Bill: Oh ho.
Bill: Jersey's room tax dropped from .14 to .13
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wow were gonna save so much money
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what hotel for ota?
Bill: EMBASSY SUITES CONVENTION CENTER
Bill: copy pasta is bold, whoops.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i was like "jeez ok, i get it"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do all our cons have parking included except katsu?
Bill: Next doesn’t.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right right, how much do we ussually pay for that total?
Bill: I don’t keep track of parking.
Bill: I need food before I’m attempting mathematics mayhem to update the doc.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mwhahaha
Bill: mmmmmfood.
Bill: Could make one of those for Katsu.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): prob wont have time
