Bill: Get the cosinspire wig Monday.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so i agreed to shoot with kiko.cos and she got a whole RWBYJNPR group together
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and she was like "ok lets schedule around the meet up thats happening at 2!"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and a lot of people were like "oh but the meet up is lame anyways, lets just shoot then"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and i dont wanna be a judge-y person but _what the fuck the meet up with friends is the best part you ingrates_
Bill: Well you can make the call.
Bill: Kiko wanted to shoot with you.
Bill: I'm not sure whose doing that shoot.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): shes taking care of everything she said
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): which is a little anxiety inducing
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but like, i trust well enough that she wont fuck it up
Bill: I've never heard of her so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye me neither but she seemed really excited to shoot so
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): my naive willingness to see the good in people will shrug it off for now lol
Bill: that could blow up in your face and you'll pissed on the con floor~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OK so i decided im just gonna get ochakos school uniform or hero suit for katsu
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and debut the hero suit at zenkai
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so ill be in pyrrha longer
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): billiam, i believe you have the sweet dibs on Pyrrha Version 3.0 😏
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i got a nice chunk of time 4:30-5:30, thats golden hour right?
Bill: Jess got golden hour Friday.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OOH ok
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): lemme see where else then LOL
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): actually what do YOU have scheduled so far?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i should be asking you lol
Bill: For friday specifically, just Jess for the golden hour and Marisa in the evening for Katarina. I have a penciled in entry for Penny/Pyrrha and NPR, the latter which may end up being 3.0.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aVJcIUPHWzH8yBHCy2H1Ay_pXSrl8TsEbboA8CTns8I/edit#gid=0
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thats what friday looks like as a most efficient breakdown
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omg I live how help me body oaint is a schedule slot 😂
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I start progressively later each day of the con because i sleepy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): YE! i gotta make sure to budget good time to PINK U UP
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): nyooms in
woah a spreadsheet
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): can i look at it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye marisa sure!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i gotta add some eventsoo
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): thank!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): tfw no excel chat
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): gomen
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i didnt realize the pj party was so late wow
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i thought it was like 9
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah I was just looking at that woah thank you for the heads up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Dis mine but it might change https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GIf-pT0hlzfHEiFdcwrz5RFckZXqd2N6SGSPkMZ7JdM/edit?usp=drivesdk
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~am i the only one who went until 3am even though i won't stay up that late~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i tell myself i shouldnt commit to anything too late and just wander around and do whatever those days
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I went to midnight cuz by that point, whatever I'm wearing is gonna be for the rest of the day 😂
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): biru i'll scrap the friday morning shoot
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i know corn is a character but i just imagine marisa with arm fulls of ears of corn
Bill: We didn't have a friday morning shoot?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that's it that's what's happening
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wow you guys actually alot time to eat? What's eating
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the boudoir not boudoir that was in talks but i figured you weren't gonna do that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): O I GOTTA ADD EAT TIME
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): GEORGIA EAT
Bill: You are hopeless.
Bill: I'm fine with it, I was meaning to follow up with you.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): if i don't do a friday morn costume i can do a 4th friday costume after katarina before bnha <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): is last priority tho don't worry bout morning shoot until u get everythin else because people might be too busy in the morn
Bill: *We are either doing it or not*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): so much driving time are y'all northerners gonna be ok
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): central jersey will be ok
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I put like an hour extra at least in there
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what's central jersey
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Cuz coffee and pee breaks and traffic
Bill: Marisa that means you either commit now or it's getting scrapped.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm for it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i've asked about confirmation multiple times before but got no response so i assumed it was scrapped
Bill: I had to think about it.
Bill: You want friday morning?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): sure
no pressure tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _apply the pressre_
Bill: No one is going to fight for the mornings, ~~bets on if Georgia manages to keep to her schedule without help~~.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): may i have 10:15 ro 11:15 or 11:30 to 12:15 plz and thank
Bill: We're just going to use the room right? You aren't planning on heading out in wedding Maki.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~or both~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i will keep to my schedule! its the only way ill do all that i want to dooo
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ya i probably won't leave the room beause it'll be super hard to carry a bag
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): give georgia priority times you haven't scheduled anything with her yet right
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): how morning is morning with marisa
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~that sounds like a talkshow omg~~
Bill: I have, and *KATSU IS MARISA CON*.
Bill: Georgia has over a dozen shoots with me, you good.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): maki would be early if friday because i have another shoot at noon that i'd have to change for <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): katsu is **katsucon** it's in the name that's why it's katsu
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): like the food
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yum
Bill: That's fine, I get up early at cons so this'll give me something to do.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): [everyone is getting ready]
"hey can u pass the rose petals"
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): and the gummy bears
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah how come katsucon doesn't sell katsu in their maid cafe that's messed up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Actually Georgia seems to have gummy bears alot
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): :3c
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): georgia are you the reason for the two totes of them
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oof no
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LMFAO
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): though at this point, im gonna be able to do that shoot with bottle caps
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): g dang
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): bottle cap boudoir
Bill: If you finish all the ones people have been pawning on you.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i filled the can with how many people gave to me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): the can holds about 200 so i sprayed 100 today
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and then made like 60
Bill: When do you want wrap by Marisa? 10?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): When are you guys getting up?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): by 11 is fine. i don't want to get up too early and disturb everyone else
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): based on schedules i assumed wake up at 8:30/9?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea that what I gots
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): by 10:30 or so. by 10:00. i dunno how long it'll take to get ready but it shouldn't be too long
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i rise at 9 because pyrrha is labor intensive
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): tho it used to take 2 hours now it only takes a little over 1
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): got it down to 45 mins once wowee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ok cool looks like we're all around the same time, biru always gets up at the crack of dawn
Bill: I don't sleep well traveling.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): can we shoot nier automatoot at golden hour on saturday?
Bill: That's already the plan,
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oh when is golden hour then so i can chunk that part of my schedule out
Bill: block 4:30 to 5:30.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): kk
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I have it as 5-6 should I move it up?
Bill: Yeah. Gives us prep time into the golden hour, rather than catching the tail end.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Gives us more time to dick around before formal too LOL
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): when IS the formal ball usually again?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): on the past schedules i could find it was around 8pm
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): masquerade from 3-6, then setup for formal
Bill: 9 too early then Marisa?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It was 8 last year
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 9am to shoot? That’s fine if everyone gets up at 8:30, I don’t wanna wake people up tho that is the last thing ever
Bill: I'd like to kinda do it during that getting ready period.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): which room is marisa in?
Bill: As of right now I'mma say it'll be me/andrew, jess/tom, Marisa/you.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): marisa we sleep together <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Then the other room for Dave (sowwy), Hal, Mak, Tris...tan? I should contact him.
Bill: He wanted a place to room, we got space...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hes a good dude too
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Sorry if my responses are slow now I’m late for a thing haha oops
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I can do it during the get ready period I just need time to get ready too
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Wake up in full cosplay
Bill: you would somehow.
Bill: I'm going to put it in at 9:30~10ish.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): marisa i sleep through everything so if you wake at 8:30 i wont notice
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): it ok, your sleeping buddy is probably the deepest sleeper in the room
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't sleep deep but it ok
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): put the phone under your pillow so only you will hear the alam
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): #pro strats from college
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): If I make you so much as twitch an eyelid while you sleep I’m going to commit sudoku
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _i shant_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i havent seen anything about a fallout meet up still............... _should i make one_
Bill: ~~Better off spending your time in A2~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i was gonna do it around noon before i change to A2
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): lowkey wanted to see is zeikani's 9S was gonna match up with A2
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _i wanted to shoot with so many people i feel like im forgetting which ones ahhhH_
Bill: Figure out Penny Pyrrha with Leanna for one.
Bill: You wanted one of those two morning spots for solo Pyrrha?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i postulated that the other be devoted to penny v pyrrha
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): leanna just answered saying shes free
Bill: actually <@!301927856240459777> do you want to do wedding maki thursday night after getting badges and stuff? Not much else to do thursday.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Sure can do that. I was gonna be Miku on Thursday but it’ll be easy to change
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ooo and thats before the beds are all gross and SLEPT IN
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): billiam with the pro strats
Bill: nasa kid makes a good point.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): doth mean that we can pyrrha at 10:15?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): also leanna said she was free for the timeslot i suggested after that which was 11:30-12:15
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but if its leanna and we're already shooting we can just tell her to pop in
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): /whispers heck chocowaffo wanted to shoot pyrrha and nora too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): boom i fix
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): wow so i asked what people were most excited to see and its actually an even split between pyrrha, ochako, and A2
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _even A2 hell yes_
Bill: Yes, we can do the times you put in.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): HOORAH
Bill: Friday's going to be busy to resurface Mirio...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): you could change when everyone does!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thats when everyone bnhas up anyways
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ill change a little later but ill be quick
Bill: I know I can. Just playing with the idea.
Bill: It'd be the only cosplaying I could see doing the weekend... Hazel is shot cause RWBY isn't a focus, ditto to Pilot Boi. So... I'll figure it out.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> I'm having second thoughts on Katarina at 7pm; by then I may want to be done with my camera. Talk to you about it later today. ~~That almost makes sense in both time zones~~.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): parabopress is doing a promo where you can order 25 square prints for free
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): wondering if i should order like a "best of cosplay"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): maybe keep it maybe raffle it off to help with hunters surgery
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I've commited sudoku over and over for the past week
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): just ask jess
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _just how much sudokus have you been committing sir_
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): *like 25*
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): *maybemoar*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): No problemo desu
I can’t believe tom is dead
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Rest in pepperonis
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Someone said they wanna shoot my Pyrrha with their Neo?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Uhhhh? Gomen I do not think that’s a thing
Bill: *but you're a slut for Pyrrha photos so*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): pyrrha/neo. just like ketchup and ice cream.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m probably not gonna offer to shoot with them despite that oops
Bill: Are they all dming you or something?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i put up a story thing
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): tho it looks like im getting together a bigger P5 group for sunday
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): gen, chris, and my friend jill are cosplaying it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): your question sticker glitched for me and showed up on every single story and advertisement.
an ad for shampoo shows up and underneath it has your picture and "DM me!" it was really funny
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): omg weirddd
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): also marisa ofc we can get PJ pics together ❤
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): also marisa like... how big is your line up now
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): have you reached double digits yet
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i've only got thursday (2) and friday (4) solidified right now, plus Ray and Corn and something for the ball, so that's 8. double digits will be achieved but have not been solidified yet.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i love ur corn cosplay omg
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): have you reached double digits yet
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): cosplay as literal double digits. two numbers.
which reminds me i need to pack ladder shades
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): this should get us all at least until halfway through saturday right?
https://www.amazon.com/Plastic-Shutter-Glasses-Sunglasses-Assorted/dp/B07DVQW6BP/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1543070943&sr=8-3&keywords=shutter+shades
Bill: I feel like that's a lot of special requests for 40 bucks fren.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i mean at least theyre upfront about their budget
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): lots of people coming in from other countries for katsu
is there a reason? 🤔
Bill: it Katsu, probably.
Bill: Actually, they coming to see YOU.
Bill: MARISA CON!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i assumed world cosplay summit prelims but those are in los angeles
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wow are they gonna be disappointed
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): they wanna see someone survive a double digit cosplay line up weekend
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oh katsu's good for that
Bill: so are you!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): hold on i'm staring at my curtain thinking of a response
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): got one:
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): no u
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Morning frens
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Today I hope to figure out da katsu line ups for me and Thomas
Bill: 
Bill: It seems that will prove difficult.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Better not he promised to help me with stuff today 😭
Bill: Lol
Bill: Teasing.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he can talk and game!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao that will end terribly
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He's on voice chat anyway so that def won't work
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): <@!301927856240459777> wait whats your friday line up again
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If there's in thing I know it's that if Tom's gonna make decisions I need his full attention
Bill: “Yeah babe I’ll cosplay OHHOHO that fucking reversal, that’s amazing on Friday”
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Morning will be Sonia, then Katarina, then possibly Maki (not wedding but another version), then PJ Tsuyu
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): okie thats what i thought
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _pajama tsu, mina, and ochako plz_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): awww thats so cute just thinking about it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): PILLOW FIIIIGHT
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): waifu pillow fight
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): slap someone with a 6' half naked anime girl
Bill: Marisa’s finisher.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _fatality_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i have the pink waifu shirt and then pink pants with dogs doing yoga
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): theres not many motifs to capitalize on with ochako
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): she doesnt have any animal or anything to be associated with
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): just _a lack of gravity_
Bill: Jiggly puff.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): omg i have a shirt with jyou know what lemme google it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): this
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): omfg
Bill: 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thats so cute
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): just kind of float around, defy gravity
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooo let me know if matching is ok cuz I might be wearing waifu to HOLY SHIT THATS ADORABLE
Bill: That’s a tee turtle shirt I think.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _PINK TSHIRT CREW_
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Gotta get Dem short shots for Mina
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): remember, shorts must be as long as your fingertips
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But den they not short shorts
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): guess you'll have to sit gym class out then
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): i am alive
Bill: Christmas boudoir.
Bill: From Zeikani.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Spicy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): most of my pyrrha free time is pretty much blocked off YEET
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): if tum and juss do rwby i have time for them but otherwise i only got like one 30 mins worth of time left
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): which tbh is how i like it, i like being busy during the day of con, and then just chilling at night
Bill: The remainder with Choco?
Bill: OOP I was clicking nah through stories and hit Nah for Casey to shoot yukata Ruby. 😅
Bill: I’d message oops but it’s insta fame so eeeeh
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): if choco ever figures out her line up lol
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah! that yukata rwby is her surprise for katsu friday i believe
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hunter told me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i was like eh i guess yukata pyrrha would be fun
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but naaaah
Bill: Would be cute...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): maybe id get one for sakura sunday
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but to jam it into katsu would be bad
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so i was like fuck it normally pyrrha lol
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill: Is that persona group supposed to be me?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It CAN be
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But making assumptions is ruuuude
Bill: I’m assuming your assuming.
Bill: Robs girlfriend Kelsey was asking if you were okay cause of negaGeorgia lol.
