To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): 
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Dawwww cute
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *help her she's choking*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh man someone just posted the cosplay contest entrants from nekocon and my very small self confidence got shredded into a million pieces. i can't compete at katsu it's pointless aaaa
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): This wig is gorgeous how does she transport it
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Omg is this Lolita fma
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): found the pics from last katsucon. just mess me up.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can't find the katsucon 2018 schedule only the 2016/2017 ones and i already have those. hm.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): saturday goes
10-2 judging
3-6 masquerade
8-10 ball
wow that's awful.
friday judging was from 5 to midnight though? what?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oof that stress
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah that's basically all of saturday gone
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i really want to enter despite knowing it's pointless. maybe i can wear katarina for a bit on friday for judging and then change back into her for the ball.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm sure it'll still be fun to complete tho
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah it'll be a learning experience
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): man how come nothing from katsucon 2018 is uploaded online
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm pretty sure poeple plan this katsy line ups before kastu plans it's line up
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah and they probably purposefully do it this way to discourage people from entering the contest because they used to get swarmed
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): last time i probably waited about 2.5 hours in line
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): how am i supposed to compete against masterpieces like this
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~babies?~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh I thought it said "how can I complete a master piece like this?"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And I was like I mean idk I guess you could have kids but don't seem worth it to me
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH never gross
i'll send my cats in when i amass a feline army ;3c
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YES
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Out them in cosplay
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *stuff like this just gets an honorable mention that's absolutely insane*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ommggg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hawke and Anders!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh katsucon does have a beginner category because they get so many. i wouldn't qualify for the novice category rip i'd enter beginner
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): judges awards count as major awards, even *The “are you bitter enough?” award*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh wait nvm they do not
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): How many awards are there
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): depends on the con. katsu has a ton just because they get so many. each judge has their own award and an honorable mention, then they give out silly awards if they really like your costume (basically the judge awards like "Fran's fuzziest feet award" or something). Then there's the Best Of for each category, so Youth, Beginner, Novice, Journeyman, Craftsman, and Overall Best.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm so torn because i want to enter because it's fun but crippling anxiety and self loathing hold me back
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whoa
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye I'd be nervous too
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i've entered a bunch before and gone on stage. the quality of people's costumes have just gone up so much, and the novice winner at animenext really messed me up because her costume was gorgeous and way above novice level. she's a fashion designer with a degree in sewing her outfit was outstanding
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮 is that within the rules?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like "I went to FIT but imma novice"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah because she had no prior awards
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): at a con
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Fun fact my aunt had a full ride scholarship to FIT for fashion design and didn't take it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Damn
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): why?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Got married and had babies instead
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oooooooo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): lewd
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i don't feel like a beginner level but i've never won an award so maybe I am? i don't want to be unfair to other entrants.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): but maybe i'm not good enough for novice hmm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What's the qualifications?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Beginner: no awards
Novice: 1-2 awards
Journeyman: 3-5 awards
Craftsman: 6+ awards
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): youth is under 12
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You has award?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): nop
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I've entered a few contests over the last 5 years but i suck <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Well begginer it is then I guess
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Yeah I guess beginner is the way
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You don't suck you are a great cosplayer
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Many skill
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Shh no telling lies
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Much knowledge
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Many meme knowledge
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Sewing knowledge silly!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I’m hoping the books I bought help me because my weakness is rushing and these books list out every tiny minor step bit by bit so if I memorize the steps I’ll stop rushing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Not rushing is hard like even when I have time I'm like "gotta go fast"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): But I’ll only have like a week to make the katsucon stuff so yolo lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "how fast sewing machine go"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): AHH
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I’m slow and cautious on the machine but then I skip over ironing after every step
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "double seams, don't know her"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): FRENCH SEAMS OR BUST
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Biru if you open bookings to random people you don’t know, looks like there’s a tag for it on insta
Bill: No way.
Bill: I’m supposed to have plenty of friends who want to shoot with me.
Bill: 
Bill: 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Where do we sign up
Lol you have to provide the room
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): [bangs on door] let me in
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I’m friends with the admin lemme in
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Oh you don’t need to be a member to see everything. Das neat. I like how a lot of people are asking for a shoot for full costumes and not boudoir on that post
Bill: <@!351785752197201920> https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.1934504969949496&type=3
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): HYPNOSIS MIC COSPLAY
there are US fans gasp
One hop this time (Tom): Nicu
