No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): There are like 5 cons happening this weekend that is Too Many
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Nekocon, Banzaicon, Youmacon, Nebraskon, and the geek thing you’re at
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Wait is geekdom an anime con? Or is it a game con
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Oh omg this is being held where zenkai used to be
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): It’s in the garage omg
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): How’s that going
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It's pretty shitty NGL
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Yeah that’s why zenkai moved lol
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Did they do a decent job of splitting up the areas? Or is it all just one big con pile.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): That used to be the biggest issue
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Because it’s a garage
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There's just no one's there lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Everythings a big con pile
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Desertcon Desertcon
Maybe too much competition with the other cons
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I’m seeing a ton of posts from Youma and Neko
take it over and make Jesscon
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): JESSCON
I do what I want(tm): Yeahhhh
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Oof the panels don’t look very varied. All cosplay, board game, and guest stuff
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Start dancing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): We went to a mall for like 2 hours. No we're going back for Leanna's rwby panel
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): YOU DID WHAT
AT A CON
I know exactly which mall you probably went to lol bUT YOU CANT JUST LEAVE A CON ITS A CON
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Mawisa you don't understand it was terriblly boring
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): BUT
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): CON
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BUT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Next time call me up and we can cringily talk about memes and drain your phone battery at an alarming rate
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): wait the garage doesn’t have WiFi does it
Hehehe
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): How far away is your hotel
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like 5 min drive
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Zenkai staff had to stay in a hotel 15 minutes away
Ooo das not so bad
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I imagine not a lot of congoers are at the hotel?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): At least it’s not inochicon, that was a scam and the organizers all abandoned it on the last day and there were literally no panels that day hehe
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Theres some. There's also a craft fair and a gem convention
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Omg the anime con isn’t taking up the whole expo center? Fight the other cons for dominance
I do what I want(tm): Yeah there was no parking
I do what I want(tm): Cuz there was too many confused old people
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): “Don’t worry grandma it’s me. Naruto. I’m here to help walk you to your car.”
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LMFAO
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Meanwhile it’s always the Sasuke cosplayers
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Always causing trouble
I do what I want(tm): Damn
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
I do what I want(tm): OMG YAS
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): don't forget 11/11 is pocky day so y'all need to get pocky
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): This is the highest compliment on a cosplay I’ve ever received in my whole life omg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Aww! Which cosplay?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): a low quality selfie i took of Sheeta after buying it for $5 today lol
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ohio jess-chan
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh yea! I just checked your story, it looks adorable!
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): thank!!
I can't believe Ake is envious of me because she is literally amazing and cosplays my OTP i love her work
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): one of my rare OTPs
