Bill: Fuck I looked quickly and thought it was Mikey.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): My roommate is taking really long in the shower so I don’t have time to shower before class
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): So should I just wear my Ramona wig with the outfit or is that too weird?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Cause theoretically I could dry shampoo the shit outta my hair to survive the rest of the day
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Do it!!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WUG
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): WOULD IT BE TOO WEIRD THO I don’t wanna be a weirdo cries
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🤔
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont think so! its halloeween! and i feel like most kids probably know who she it?
Bill: Technically by being a woman in stem you're already weird.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Bill out here with the cold hard facts
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): how long are u in class?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Hour and twenty minutes for one class, an hour for another class
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): id say as long as your wig is comfy, do it!
Bill: Your class already stares at you, so who cares?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Truuu I asked Kiera and she said do it
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Noah just shrugged lmao
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): _i DONT wanna scare the professors either_
Bill: If you're polling all your friends looking for someone to say don't, don't.
Bill: The fact that you're still asking means you don't want to.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I want to I just don’t wanna be judgeeed
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Peer pressure
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): You’ll be judged as ultra rad
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IT HALLOWEEN
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): YE IT HALLOWEEN
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Imma DO IT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): DO IT I LEND YOU MY STRENGTH
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): hey its me ur nitemare
Bill: At least one person could use that. XP
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): execution
Bill: ~~alright topical~~
Bill: Pretty sure that's Sean Meehan too, he's friends with Gen.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): omg callback to that one trainwreck of a "science experiment" panel
Bill: trust me that was my first thought but since the guy is well known and not a weirdo...
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): "GIRLS ONLY"
Bill: I *refuse* to go alone tho. ~~ironic?~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): il go if theres nothing better to do
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): bring a dakimakura
Bill: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "hi are you here for the how to flirt panel?"
"yes"
"isnt that a wedding ring?"
"yes"
Bill: ~~limitus test~~
Bill: 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~going to a panel on how to flirt does not prove to me that other men besides my husband think im attractive i.e. the point of the theoretical litmus test~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea cuz making sex sounds is so hard
Bill: Step one: Punch self in groin to raise octaves.
Bill: Still, for an erotica related panel it's better than 'worst hentai'.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): well yea but they arnt reall in the same realm. this is voice acting that was shock facotr
Bill: fair. Masquerade is sunday, weird.
Bill: There's a starting a podcast panel and I'm mildly curious since me being salty about stuff could be a fun podcast maybe?
Bill: <@!351785752197201920> (Tom isn't in your name again and I almost tagged someone else... =T)  are you going to do the blaze blue tourney saturday?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oh snap greggo is retiring from cons suddenly and immediately
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): and he just recently started doing promotions on youtube. i wonder what happened.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): and he was announced as a guest for several cons next year? i guess he's cancelling them?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo ive seen his name alot but i never went to any of his panels i dont think
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i've been in them a few times. they're neat and he's good at what he does, but he's got a bad rep among con staff for being a little hard to deal with
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): uh oooo
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): o dang
Bill: that screams he did something bad.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): he makes it sound like it's something financial? but I wonder what, so suddenly?
from what i gather, some people have been complaining about him and trying to mess with his reputation, but he's not a bad guy from what I know and I doubt a little internet pushing around would make him stop what he's been doing for so long. he says 20 years, he's definitely been doing it for the last 10 i've been attending cons.

the main reason staff don't like him very much is he's a bit full of himself at times and a little stuck up behind the scenes
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): maybe a person thing? but it's shocking that this would cause permanent retirement.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats really odd
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): yeah. just 5 days ago he was talking about doing new youtube premieres of his con shows.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i see, and he shas alot booked for this yera
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): YEAH like he just announced Anime Milwaukee and stuff. i'm really curious aahhh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he delteed his facebooka nd twitter too
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): wait really?? same guy? i was just on his facebook and he said more details would come later
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo nvm maybe jus the link i clicked doent work
Bill: 
Bill: https://www.facebook.com/groups/CosAlive/permalink/2285263701549030/?__xts__[0]=68.ARAGeVRWbCsnppbXarQHyskTsS07tJGEuMv8lDrnkl9VrvmKHTTt347ZDbFAt-A_HrLNTShbWGii8wmTKuYFSx1jYoGayBwSPYc2oeymiLBqZeWG6lVepfDLSLzeEeDa6ja9FkGoGDu0em5CbuQVm14U5GJs-vW5QmJuhlEiQgLb_9pSuC5IF-PMuXh8cPPPjnGG3-G4AR-ThhoGXzN7--fxjSZPbn_7AVfBlqstPpr_kMeZ4ZxICDW6&__tn__=-R
Bill: Dats a nice photo.
Elfriede of commitment?: <@301927856240459777>  SATS A GOOD TORIEL YOU STOP
Elfriede of commitment?: <@184437198865563648> no blazblue is for nerds
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): THE RAY FROM OTAKON LIKED A MM POST OF MINE senpai has noticed me
