Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo <@245270932602486784>  I was thinking of doing mangaloos Grimm challenge too! You look so good. All I can think of is how much Grimm Nora would break rens heart
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): DO IT DO IT DO IT
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i was going crosseyed from how much physics ive done today
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): so i was like, fuck it, have fun with make up
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ~~also thats my ramona wig cause pyrrha is at home but shush no one will know~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IT FINE
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): YE IT OK
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): casey loved it omg she messaged me like "THE FEEELS!!!"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): are there a lot of bowsette costumes in the US because there were surprisingly many bowsettes/booettes this weekend
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): its all over my explore page on instagram
Total Nok-out (Marisa): oh noo
too strong
Elfriede of commitment?: Oh ye
Elfriede of commitment?: Anime NYC is gonna be bpwsette hell
Bill: Sounds good.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): bowsette meetup when
Bill: Collectively shout "your princess is right here Mario".
Elfriede of commitment?: Y'all go your bowsette costumes ready?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Do you? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede of commitment?: Ofc
Elfriede of commitment?: What kinda cosplayer would I be
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://www.instagram.com/p/BpgkcbQFI-k/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=3hss1ojs2x8h
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): See that's actually mine and Tom's any cosplans
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): RIP chocowaffle did my Grimm challenge idea before I could
Total Nok-out (Marisa): do it anyway but put a timestamp on the image and make the timestamp from before their post
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~now I feel like if I do it she's gonna think I stole the idea but I didn't I just had the same idea~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): is the Grimm challenge a Thing™? if it's a Thing™ people are doing i think it's fine
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Labinak did Grimm Ruby and then was like "you guys should do it too!"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): then u fine, do it <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea it's like a smol thing but it a thing
Total Nok-out (Marisa): make! it! happen!
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): do itttttt
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If the dad lasts till tomorrow after I get home from work, I will attempt ~~and hopefully chocowaffle doesn't think I still her idea~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): another person did grimm pyrrha
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): but i know she aint copyin me
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): do not fret friendo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye. I think it's cuz she specifically did nuckeleve Nora and that's exactly what I was thinking cuz that's maximum Ren amgst so like yea of course that what you'd wanna do
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't have white or black face paint tho so idk
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~photoshop~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): eyeshadow!
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): my red lines were half face paint, half eyeliner,
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): luckily i had black and red face paint specifically for my ladybug cosplay lol
Total Nok-out (Marisa): jess can i edit a picture of you <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I was thinking I'd try eyeshadow
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~You said yea thaT'S PERMISSION WOO~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Uh oh I'm scared
Total Nok-out (Marisa): this may take a while <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): hmm. i know this entire thing looks like the bad photoshop that it is but does the trail of blood make it *extra* bad?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ehh idk here's a sappy version with lots of poorly photoshopped blood and i can take it out if u desperately want a bloodless copy for reasons 🤷
Total Nok-out (Marisa): rtyruythgrf ok i'm leaving for school now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's pretty sweet damn
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I like it alot actually!
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I’m on da train now
Do you want anything fixed or changed.  I can send u a jpeg
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I gotta figure out fake blood it’s been eternity since I photoshopped anything that isn’t smoke or cosmetics or erasing a tattoo
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): What’s the Grimm equivalent of a furry
Grimmy
Elfriede of commitment?: Oo nicuuu
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Be scathing don’t hold back
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I like it da way it is <:mew_face:498866691963355137>  i cant submit it tho cuz it has to be a makeup look. But i will cherish it fover
Bill: I didn’t realize it wasn’t real until I say the photoshop ui.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but biru u took that photo
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I plagiarized from tltwm
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Frame it on your wall
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Nay, the ceiling
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): an entire wall
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): did georgia use any one specific grimm as reference for her makeup ~~asking for absolutely no reason whatsoever and definitely not to photoshop her~~
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): *georgia can i use one of your weiss pics*
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): _ye you can_
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): and nah i just did whatever
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i wanted it to sorta look like pyrrhas tiara for maximum feels
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): o das a neat idea
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): feels are good
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): weiss is harder than i thought because the black and white and red and blue are hard to mix *but i'll do it*
anyway here's nora with before and after comparison
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): rip photoshopped arrows
Elfriede of commitment?: The arrowsss
Elfriede of commitment?: Nicu
