Bill: 
Bill: <@!245270932602486784>
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): She was so smol
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Smol but mighty
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And probably cold
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Nah javitz was actually hella WARM
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): NANACHI
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): labinnak is interested in konkon lol wut
Bill: Shrug.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thats a little out of the way for someone coming from virginia, no?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i think hunter mentioned that her friend naychansan (Shannon i think is her name) was coming as christmas nora
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): did anyone go to the anison world matsuri
hehehe georgia i like your name

labbinak is from virginia? they also have christmas gatherings around there i'm pretty sure. also the gaylord has a really nice christmas setup
Bill: I mean sure. It’s just an interested. And she does plenty of stuff.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): huehue thanks marisa
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): idk thought it was interesting, i certainly wouldnt trek 300+ miles just for konkon
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im almost like lowkey burning out from studying but im gonna push myself to just finish this chapter for tonight
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): when u desperate for the cosplay so u travel 300+ miles
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): GO GO GO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): STUDY YOU CAN DO IT
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~thats why i was dicking around on facebook~~
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Understandable
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I already feel like we drive too far for konkon
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): 😬
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): YO I DIDNT KNOW THAT AVAS DEMON GIRL CREATES MUFFET FORREAL
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): 
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): There it isss
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that assassin's creed ad on an undertale wiki is very misleading
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I can see how that might be the case 🤔
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): con story time con story time
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wake up and share the con stories
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): CON so on Friday alot of people were complaining that anyc was a mess with lines and shit. Idk if they cleaned up their act real fast or of people were just bring dramatic but Saturday was fine like no probs with lines at. All.
Bill: Hmm... I mean, I feel like there’s no real interesting stories.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): you cosplayed that's a fascinating story
Bill: We just hung out all day and had a damn good time.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jess how was your wig
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): GOOD WIG
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It didn't move at all, all day it was pretty comfy after I got used to it, it didn't tagles as much as other long wigs I got a few compliments on it too
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooo that's awesome!! it's the arda wig right?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): good good
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): gives me hope
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea it Arda! I saw like 5 Other Nejeris? None did the swoopy wig tail thing so that made me feel better.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There was another set of big 3 too in hero suits they were so good
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sobbing at lemillion
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): beautiful
Bill: Tom and Jess are better than them IMO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): SHE HAS DA SPINNIES THO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): this can be solved through hand to hang combat
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nuuuu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I took 2 pics of cosplayers wow I'm good at this
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wow, 2k? nice
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😱
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nah like literally 2 I'm terrible
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 200's not so bad if that's what's left after getting rid of duplicates and blurries and stuff
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I took a lot of selfies but I look weird in half
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): selfies selfies selifes
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what do you do at cons if you have no con stories
did you go to any panels or events
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): We shopped <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Alot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Rebecca and took some pictures of us as the big 3!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I almost got hit my some dude on a bike walking through the city but I survived
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH NO  a cosplayer or just a new yorker?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Just a new Yorker, he called me "girl" like "watch out girl"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It was scary I almost died v. Embarrassing
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "eyyy i'm bikin' here"
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): That's pretty much how it went
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i was the guy on the bike
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Damn
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sorry i had to rush for limited edition anime
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What else what else... Ooo I got free candy from deku! I think you know that already tho cuz I was on my story
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): all might voice: eat this
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): SHIT GHEY MISSED OUT SAYING THAT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omg that would have been perfect
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They had their little pumpkin done up to like like all might it was kyoot
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh yeah i've seen the all might pumpkins here too!!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOO I got to meet the avas demon artist and I bought 2 pins and 2 mini prints but forgot to ask her to sign the prints she was v nice but seemed v stressed out I hope she is ok
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh no poor artist
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Yeah she seemed v stressy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But she thanked me whenever I squeed over her art. I think she need a break
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): She's was like ye I don't know when I'm doing another con, I don't do them alot
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oooo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah, was she alone?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): She has a friend helping that was much more outgoing
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): The dude who told me she made muffet and that's why the art was there
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I felt a lil dumb for not knowing but
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that's good she had a friend. it's pretty impossible to run a table by yourself
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Dont feel dumb!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 2 people is still difficult but doable
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think they had another friend too
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Yeah she bailed and it was them too after that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I quickly swiped through the print version of the comic and wowie if book one and 2 we're there I might have bought both but one isn't in print anymore
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I almost forgot she was going 😱
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): temmie goes to katsu owo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So dat was coo!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): when will hussie go to cons again
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): give us the waste of space
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that's his godtier title not an insult
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo saw 3 Homestucks
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I couldn't got you a pic though cuz I was in a steady stream of moving people
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): we will make our own homestuck pics <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): were they trolls or kids?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): or anything else
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): W-we will?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Dey was trolls
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): leprechaun cherub pawn
ooooo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yes of course
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So many good arts SO MANY
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I could go to anyc and just go to the artists alley like every booth is just amazing
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): did they enforce the fanart rule where you have to have mostly original stuff or was it mostly fanart?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Mostly fanart 😏
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *lawbreakers*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I went to buy a todoroki mini print and a girl kinda sorta cut in front of me and bough the last one so I had to but the display one <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): omg that's so rude
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): fight her
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It was not cool ™
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What else what else. Umm some guy came up to the three of us and asked Tom really excitedly "hey hey what are guys from?!" And Tom was completely noff gaurd so he kinda llike stumbled over the answer and it was so in character it was great. That guy was weird though
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wow a non-nerd
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): fake nerd boy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Expose the fake nerd boys
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Just trying to pretend so that girls will like them
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Significantly less creepers than geekdom <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And an infinity better time
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmm what else? Starbucks messed up everyone order except mine somehow
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i saw that in the story!! what did you get it looked green
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): was it minty
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Iced matcha green tea latte
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oooo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 素敵だね
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It so good
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Then Tom didn't like his so I drank his too
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): he also get a matcha?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea he got it hot. He liked it last time he tried it but not this time 😱
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can't stand tea and yet its all anyone ever drinks
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): if it's super bitter they'll give you candy to eat before drinking
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whoa really? Tea candy whoa
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I like butter things cuz I'm weird
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): butter tea
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nuuuuuu 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh our friend was talking to us and his friend kept throwing candy at us from the lower level he was slike super drunk, it was like noon 😬
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): was he staying at the con all week
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): party con too early
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): yeah i thinnk so
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Pretty sure, they had a girl with them too who was also drunk but all she did was compliment me and give me candy
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): girl drunk vs boy drunk
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): She looked familer actually
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): She was Monica from Doki doki I think
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oooooooooooo that kind of familiar lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): No I mean actually famailer too tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): The boy was wearing a VKS and talking about DDR
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wild
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): hmm i was brainstorming (not buying yet)
stuff for doing Asriel, im def feeling a more humanoid version
I was looking at wigs on arda to get an idea of style

https://www.arda-wigs.com/collections/classic-short-wigs/products/hansel-classic?variant=27836264710

https://www.arda-wigs.com/collections/classic-short-wigs/products/magnum-classic?variant=27836232390

i feel like maybe one of these would work?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): in green or white?
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): white lmao
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i was also thinking of wigs earlier, like if we make ears or we use ponytail extensions
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): https://twitter.com/CrackersMaus/status/755687903175606272
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): found it
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): this is the cosplay i strive for
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o it's just like courage
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the great eggplant
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): the cowaredly dog?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the hansel wig looks nice
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ya!
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): oh god i barely remember that episode
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): THERE HE IS
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it's one of my reaction images on epicmafia hehe
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): yeah ponytail extensions might be a decent idea
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): cuz like the ears are relaly fluffy
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah. might look too girly though since ponytails extend a lot
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): true
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): could cut them but
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): but too far out away from the head prob
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oo not the length the yeah that
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): maybe like a really silk fleece material?
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): like a really frry kind
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): fleece not furry enough, gotta go furrier
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): yeah i dont really know the names of fabrics but you know what i mean
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): :3
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ye i made my toriel ears out of fleece and they're bad so faux fur might be a good way to go
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): go all out?
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): FULL FURRY
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): yeah your prob right
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): YEAH LETS DO IT I KNOW SOME JAPANESE COSPLAYERS WHO DID THAT FOR THE DREMURR FAMILY
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): not a furry tho
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): can make the tails out of that too
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o are the tails visible?
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): prob not for ralsei
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): depends on the outfit really
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): was watching a replay today and noticed lancer wants everyone to have matching monogrammed track jackets
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): OMG
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): depends if i wear pants or the robes
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): if pants then ye imma do a tail
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oo makes sense
Elf(friede) on a shelf: it would be neet to do a varsity jacket with Dremurr on the back
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): if me and jess did jackets we could have it say the !$@ squad
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): reversable to have the other name on the other side but i forget what it was. the cool squad or something.
Elf(friede) on a shelf: The Lancer is cool squad
Elf(friede) on a shelf: https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/051/814/93c.jpg
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *asriel no*
Elf(friede) on a shelf: what is this autrocity https://www.deviantart.com/r-mk/art/Femme-Asriel-Dreemurr-575729400
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is that what you're gonna cosplay
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): you can borrow my fake chest
Elf(friede) on a shelf: <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yona is doing really popular on instagram. good.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): as it should be because yona.
Elf(friede) on a shelf: wooo!
Elf(friede) on a shelf: https://www.wattpad.com/story/65512356-asriel-x-reader

i dont support this kind of reading :3c but i pm have that outfit
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): [posts xxx bookmarked hentai] i don't read this but
Elf(friede) on a shelf: https://d.facdn.net/art/pichu90/1458611744/1458611744.pichu90_asriel.png
Dizzy: https://i.imgur.com/8vy5kG8.jpg
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): !lewd
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Butt
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): CHILD
Elf(friede) on a shelf: IT BUTT
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it horrifying
Elf(friede) on a shelf: in that story
Elf(friede) on a shelf: chapter 3:When your temptation took over
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~so you are reading it~~
Elf(friede) on a shelf: "My temptations took over
Elf(friede) on a shelf: I must boop the snoot"
Elf(friede) on a shelf: this whole story is just fucking memess
Elf(friede) on a shelf: SudEnLy Mettaton breaks down the door with his **LEGS**
Elf(friede) on a shelf: all the comments are do lemon plz
Elf(friede) on a shelf: author is llike no
Elf(friede) on a shelf: memes
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *you two better have adult supervision* - mtt
Elf(friede) on a shelf: M T T
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "I walk into the store, Asgore is there shoveling various types of tea into his cart."
Elf(riede) on a shelf: accurate
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~is this what undertale is about?~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): there are dates
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Spaghetti date
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Did Tom show you the deltarunes cosplayer?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah!! the kris?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): were there more?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nah just the one I think
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): No con stories? Wowee
Bill: We just had a good time. Con stories are all drama like.
Elf(riede) on a shelf: Just the Kris and king checker
Elf(riede) on a shelf: I should have bowed damn
Bill: ?
Bill: Ah, deltarune.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There's stories! They're just all good 😂 we saw Ryan! And David! They we're excited to see us
Elf(riede) on a shelf: They both were excited that bill cosplayed
Bill: David didn’t mention anything about me cosplaying.
Bill: Ryan found my awkwardness about compliments amusing.
Elf(riede) on a shelf: He did to usss
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea he was like super "omg I can't believe bill cospayed he looks so good you guys all look so good I hope he does it more"
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill: We just talked about college when I saw him.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Same energy
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: Damnit you were beaten to it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lolll I saw that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I told Tom we should how on wedding renora
