Bill: Aaaah. That’s not what I expected. Nice of you to do.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Ye thank!
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): It’s nothing weird and scam-y don’t worry
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): 👌 👌 👌
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): O that’s cool. Best of luck to him, though I’m not sure if prints actually sell well or not? Depending on the price this could be really successfully 🙏 

Ya that’s like a flap for the front of the dress. It’s so detailed that they try to hide it every single time it’s showed in the manga. <:lenny:395307171539189760> it’s always cropped out or blowing in the wind or something so that’s based on the novel covers
Bill: castlevania ps3 game is neat. 30 minutes, big stage, and every character gets their own progression scheme.
Bill: Which also *sucks* cause you have to play every character to level them up and unlock weapons
Bill: Have yet to beat the first stage boss. Been fucking around grinding spells for Charlotte though.
Bill: I'm curious if the local multiplayer is split screen or they try and have you use the zoomed out view.
Bill: I no longer have a second ps3 controller tho so can't find out.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is there a fishing mini game
Bill: nope.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 0/10
Bill: I’m a trash can, so of the three DS era protagonists I like the chick.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): whats DS?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Dark Souls
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh. not nintendo.
Bill: Dual Screen.
Bill: Game console.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): THAT'S WHAT I T STANDS FOR
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): !?
Bill: yup.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Lol my best Instagram post just got over 200 likes despite being from January. It’s not even a cosplay post. Thats it that’s the key give up cosplay and become a meme
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Biru lemme know if you have any interest in shooting any of these (we doin sad twins and MC with tom and jess though right) before I decide what to shoot with Sam
OH we’re also doing Deltarune right? Was that a confirmed thing or just in speculation
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the many shirts of undertaledeltarune
Bill: I’ll have to start booking later then.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): lemme know when u open your google form
Bill: I won’t do a google form for it.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): lemme know when you open your facebook PMs
Bill: Ew.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): looks like if you don't use a google form you gotta go through facebook PMs that's how the world works
Bill: Instagram. Or in my case, a post in BNE.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are instagram DMs any different from facebook PMs
Bill: I’ll probably do an Instagram wide thing after ANYC and I get responses from BNE.
Bill: Facebook page DMs are a bitch to check.
Bill: ~~of course everyone in BNE will either not care or be like “yay do me” and then promptly leave me hanging while I try and actually make it happen~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): if people in BNE skip their photoshoots i will personally breathe heavily down their neck
Bill: What would I do without you.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): you could breathe heavily down their necks while they're having their other photoshoot
Bill: And then get thrown out of the con for being a con creep...?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): nice
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that's why you have contracts. if they break the contract but they signed it you can totally breathe down their neck as a stipulation
Bill: If you had that in a contract... you’d still be a creep.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sam's contract says they aren't liable if you die during the photoshoot
Bill: Who is Sam anyway?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~i'm gonna go make bookings for katarina and corrin because i want to make sure those get shoots but if you have time for them after opening shoots lemme know~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): depth of light photography
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm hoping nance opens bookings too but she hasn't done katsu in a long while
Bill: I feel like there was something off with depth of light.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): really? :0
Bill: Idk. Rumor mill. Or me making assumptions based on their ads.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): not that I know of? 🤔 vaughn photography on the other hand sucks stay away from them
Bill: Well if you’re asking what I want to shoot, Its katarina and corrin, so you’re covered either way.
Bill: ~~can corrin be nicknamed cotton cause of auto correct~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh, corn?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 🌽
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Oh yeah, I think I still wanna do asriel I just gotta think about what I wanna wear for it 🤔
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I probably don't wanna do the robes
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): leather jacket greaser asriel
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): striped shirt?
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Lmao it's fun cuz I actually thought about greaser asriel
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Could do striped shirt truu..
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Kinda wanted to do adult Asriel with the face lines but the fact I can't wear contacts kinda bums me
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): It prob okay tho
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): undertale ending asriel and kris have the same shirt don't they 🤔 so i wonder what he'LL I KNOW WHAT YOU SHOULD WEAR BRB
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): YOU CAN DO THE FACE LINES WITH THIS MAYBE
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hmm i thought there was more in the description than that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jock college asriel
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Cross country ho boi
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Ye he a jock
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Did you start a play through.for that.screen shot
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I'll steal my brother's cross-country varsity jacket
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah!!! and then a shirt with the deltarune or something
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): LTIFONE Mens Lightweight Varsity Jacket Button Down Baseball College Letterman Jacket(Grey,XXL) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B078NT3LWQ/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_9Uy6BbH1H4YV9
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Cheap varsity jackets exist!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): babe thats a medium
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): smallest
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I know but there are a bunch moreee
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I wonder what color 🤔
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Asriels undertale asthetic is purple but
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Toroel doesn't wear the same thing in Deltarune right?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yooo that's perfect!! can even slap a symbol on the back
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah toriel wears teacher-y clothes i think
