No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Thank fudge. I literally had an alarm set for the morning of the 20th to raise chaos if I didn’t get a message by then.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~ooo Kiwi Rice, are they related to Wise Rise~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But yay! ~~boo for no copslay tho 😭~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): long lost sisters
i can still cosplay!! I only have to work 24 hours over the course of the weekend <:lenny:395307171539189760> I can cosplay outside of that, and I can cosplay while working as long as I wear my shirt.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yaaay!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): probably gonna cosplay jaehee while working for one day
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So where will you be all day? So we can come visit? Or don't you know yet?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): not sure yet! Probably with BoJo, or there's another security leader they said I would be good for. but I know how to handle BoJo and she's in charge of exhibits security. I used to work exhibits so I'm also very familiar with how that's set up so I might go with that.
so high chance of roaming around the dealer's hall or even being the person who checks badges on the way in to the dealer's hall
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yaaaaas! Catch me going in and out all day like "hi mawisa"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yes pls
I can be like "uh exCUSE ME do you have a BADGE" and if you don't show it I can get on the radio and be like "we have an ISSUE here"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NOooooOO I ALWAYS HAVE MY BADGE IMMA GOOD GURL
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I no a birth lobbyconner
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i wonder if lanie is still on exhibits staff. hmm.
we used to do this thing before closing where we'd spend all day coming up with really bad songs and then singing them to kick everyone out of the dealer's hall. like, taking famous songs and changing the lyrics to something along the lines of "the dealer's room is closing so everybody leave now."
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the artists loved it and gave us free stuff ~~AKA merch that they were just too tired to carry back to their cars, or stuff that got damaged or was used for the display~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yoooo that's sweet
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Marisa tackles us
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): All of us
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): *tackles and nuzzles* OwO "I swee youw downt have a bawdge towday"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): [pulls out pepper spray] "pwease coowpewate or i will be fowced to uwse viowence" uwu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Tom plz
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): [begins reading miranda rights]
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): that means we can steal the badge of creepers when theyre not looking and then sick marisa on them
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yes that is valid and a real course of action you could take
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): just don't get caught OwO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Choatic good
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it's funny because i'm still in all of the staff groups so I was invited to the staff meeting before being officially accepted
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the meeting is scheduled to end at exactly 4:21pm because one minute sooner would be unwholesome
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): just got another e-mail from Kiwi this time that they gave me the wrong e-mail address. whoever is in charge of staff services is really on their game. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Very specific
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh boi
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): we gonna have a 3pm friday changing party at katsu? <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~sounds like a great time for you guys to help me with body paint~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are you making sleeves?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I haven't decided yet, what would you recommend?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I feel like paint looks better but sleeves would be easier
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i recommend the sleeves. you don't have to worry about the paint being uneven, or rubbing off on anything, and it's a lot easier to apply and take off. it actually is hard to tell if the fabric is pulled tight enough
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): if you have trouble with your phone in tights there are gloves that you can use with phone screens
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I just don't know how to match the sleeve to the paint excactly cuz I'll have to do my neck and boobs too for mina
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooooooo true. hm.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): only thing for that I can think of is mixing the paint. like, before ben nye came out with a light grey ~~perfect for homestucks~~ they only had dark grey and white so we had to mix it
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): if you're using ben nye creme i think i have red and a liiiitle bit of white maybe
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i was prob gonna change at 4-ish but i am flexibleeee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): We can all change around 3 or 4 I'll probably head up to change after rwby shoot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I have pink snazaroo I was planning on using 😮
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i have plans at 4 but assuming the elevators aren't too bad at that time (or we're on a lower floor and can use the stairs) I can stick around until the late 3:50s. I usually combine changing and stuffing my face with food.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooo snazzy. i've never actually used snazaroo but I know I have it in grey. i'll have to mess with it a bit.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Changing party changing party changing party
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Changing party wheewwww
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I'll be changing separate but where
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): changing party YIPPEE!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the closet
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o wheww not where lol
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): us in the main room: chanting changing party
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~painting party painting party painting party~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): tom, in the closet: also changing softly
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i had to change in the closet for animenext because they were applying body paint in the bathroom hehe
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Mood
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): how lewd is too lewd to change in a common area? short shorts and an undershirt too risque?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): japanese events have messed with my perception
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i change down to undies if there are no bois
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ill do boobs out if i face da wall
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If its all girls I'll get nekkid lol
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): G A S P
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no boys allowed in the changing party
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But I'll do short shorts and sports bra
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ~~naked party~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Depend on my comfort level wif da Bois in the room
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah at events here girls will totally strip so now I'm weirdly used to putting on cosplay in a room of hundreds of girls in their underwear or with no tops
but before I'd be like "y'all have to leave the building before I change ok"
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i tend to avoid changing in front of boys unless ive known them a while
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): like ill change in front of justin or roman
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): but ive known them 5 and 15 years lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'll change in front of tom
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): good sense. there was a kid in high school who refused to take his shirt off in front of a girl and a bunch of people were like "why?" (he was in shape and on sports teams and stuff) but now I can see where he's coming from, he didn't want to make girls uncomfortable
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): gasp jess so lewd
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'll get down to the short and sprot bra cuz that's basically a work out outfit but full change no Bois Sept tom
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): so there's our katsu limit~ thank!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whoo! Change party commence
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~i get worried about hogging the bathroom for people who actually need it when i have shorts and undershirts on~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It all good
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Bra and shorts was the furthest y'all have done so far
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Around me
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): And y'all I mean Georgia lmao
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): And Jess <:lenny:395307171539189760> I've never seen Jess naked I swear
Bill: At Katsu I think I was there for that. I was trying not to pay attention though.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Ye it was katsu
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Good guy Tom 👌
Bill: Just don’t acknowledge me as a human being <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Changes inside of a suitcase
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Regardless as long as bobbies and parts are away I'm comfortable but everything else is up to y'all
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think Marisa was referring to Tom never seeing me naked billiam
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Ye that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Everyone can bring their own shower curtain and we all get dressed in portable changing circles
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My parents have a changing tent for camping maybe I can borrow it and set it up in the room 😂
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): We did it we saved the earth
Bill: Ain’t that a little over kill. We’ve never had a issue before.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It a joke
Bill: Flora won't be at Katsu, but will be at Kotori. I think that's pretty good motivation to make the trip down for Kotori.
Bill: I'mma plan for that now.
Bill: That and I'mma start planning Katsu shoots I guess.
Bill: ~~before Hunter does everyone's~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I think Flora usually does Magfest instead
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Understandable
Bill: That’s what she said yup.
Bill: Rebecca wanted to shoot at ANYC, but I’m kinda hesitant to set it up. I don’t need another Geekdom.
Bill: The BNHA shoot just moving to Hunter really bugged me.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): biru you gotta set up a homestuck photoshoot before hunter
you gotta. you can do it.
Bill: Hunter can have that one.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~but i probably wouldn't be in it aaaaaa~~ I wonder if he'd let me watch from the sidelines
Bill: I’ll make sure you are.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): fruits basket cosplay is gonna skyrocket i'm excited for that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): homestuck cosplay blood oath
Bill: ,...damnit. I really want to hold a grudge over Geekdom (cause wow fears validated much) but... it still feels wrong. I can’t objectively review the weekend so maybe I should just focus on forgetting it ever happened...
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): what do you mean by grudge?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the hero thing?
Bill: The whole BNHA shoot I planned for that ended up with Hunter. I really didn’t like that. ANYC Rebecca wanted to shoot, but if she’s not going to respect my time again I don’t want to ask her about the plans.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i dont think anyone was slighting you though
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): hunter happened to be around, and to rebeccas knowledge, you were shooting tom and jess or wanting to make it back for that panel
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): was there ever any time after hunter's shoot to take photos?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): because of sundown, no
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooo
y'all need light
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): everyone turn on their phone flashlights
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): biru for your photoshoots do you do strict times (like "person A 10:00-10:25, person B 10:30-10:55") or do you just go until whenever
Bill: But... that is a slight, intentional or not. I don’t ask for anything for shoots, and do full returns and stuff... I’m not doing that because I’m the convenient photographer nearby. I do it because I want to, look forward to, and enjoy it. So by going with Hunter, I lose out. If people shoot with me because I’m there or it’s convenient, that just makes me feel used and unappreciated.
Bill: I tend to block and hour and shoot as long as we have ideas Marisa.
Bill: *an
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Rebecca was probably trying to respect your time though
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): She likely genuinely thought you were busy
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): As did I
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): By the same logic, did I also offend you?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sounds like accidental misunderstandings on both sides
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the same thing almost happened at kon kon last year
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And be honest because if I did then I want to apologize
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Marisa’s right, it’s likely a miscommunication
Bill: That's why I say it feels wrong... there was *so* much wrong with Geekdom I can't objectively say anything didn't have 3 layers of confusion and miscommunication over it. 

Yeah Georgia, I did want to shoot with you... It's kinda of our normal, and I really wanted some normal, given everything. When you ended up spending the whole day with everyone else, I won't lie, it felt like we weren't okay and you were... maybe avoiding me. And I'm not okay, obviously, but that's for me to work through and move on from, it has nothing to do with us. It doesn't change I still care about you as a close friend. So... I wasn't offended... but I was hurt, like before, intentional or not.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I’m sorry my actions hurt you
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): You’re right, Geekdom was confusing and sucked
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Let’s avoid going to shitty cons from now on lol
Bill: Thanks... If you were wondering why I was all weird when we were leaving, that was it.
Bill: Geekdom is banned from the circuit, that's for sure.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Well yeah lmao
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I knew something was wrong with geekdom the moment they didn't even check me for a receipt or anything when I came up for my pass
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): They were like how many and just handed me my shit
Bill: Administrative chaos is different than external and internal drama.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I'm talking about the con itself tho
Bill: 'external drama' doesn't really cover creeps now that I think about it.
Bill: need a better term.
Bill: Did you hear some of the artists talking shit about the con?
Bill: That booth than gave Jess free stuff was one of them.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I believe it,
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I was thinking that everyone was prob barely getting business
Bill: Also true.
Bill: adddddmitedly some of the artists were pretty bad.
Bill: and there was the one booth with the copyright infringement.
Bill: (Hunter was telling me how most cons have a team of lawyers to catch that stuff. The more you know)
Bill: I feel like doing a 'con review' or somethin.
Bill: Like, an instagram live where we rate, shit talk, and praise the year's cons.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is that meg?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do you think she actually paid 125 for 6 pics?
Bill: whats the photographers name?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Phillip Ng
Bill: hmm...
Bill: I don't recognize it.
Bill: I know she has one photographer she works with out of cons too, someone she knows.
Bill: Guess it's not him so... maybe?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): damn
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo he was at konkon
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): knightmare6
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): That's def meg tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea it is
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I gotta post, I wanna post, but don't know what to post. So many good options
Bill: Oh I said I’d do that today.
Bill: Oof work.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wow actual somewhat decent prices for once
Bill: Yeah, those are really competitive.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): most are like "30 mins - $100"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 3 edits
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): are you gonna have something to fill out for katsu or do i just message you like "I want such and such time on this day"
Bill: I was going to do that today... Nah, no filling out (unless you think I should? Would that be easier for people to do), I was going to start in Aurii, then BNE, and then post to instagram.
Bill: message me and we'll talk kind of thing.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nyoom
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Should I nyoom
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Also doth we have plans to do Nier Automatoot?
Bill: I do. I want a full squad shoot.
Bill: Later Georgia, or tomorrow so I can write stuff down.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Okie dokey
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): You still gonna try to keep it light riiiiight?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Because all the rushing last year was not good
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Tho I believe it was Zenkai? where we figured the system of “back to back shoots in the morning and then chill” was best
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm Nier for Saturday afternoon
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I can move it to morning if nessasary tho!
Bill: I’m not going to go “only before 11am” like I’d been planning, because of the closed con policy. Still will keep lighter, but I’m a little more positive about shooting Katsu. And it was Next, I’m surprised you remember me talking about that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Closed con policy has no way more excited for katsu
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): oh no afternoon is okie
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i have fallout in da morning
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): coo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): imm do rayla in the morning if i can
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if i do her
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Friday is for peppy girls Saturday is for white-haired murder waifus XD
Bill: Is the plan for fallout for me to shoot it...? I dunno if Jake wants one of his famous people.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): WOO WHITE HAIRED MURDER GIRLS
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ill ask jake now
Bill: I'll call it tentative...
