Aldus Larian (Jess): <@184437198865563648>  when u get chance can you send me the 707xMC boudoir pics via like Google drive or something like that? I can accsess on flicker anymore since they changed thier accounts I guess?
Bill: Flickr is on the fritz, I can't look at my own albums.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh rip maybe that's why
Bill: I think you just need a new share of the link, which I'll get when flickr works.
Bill: Also I would put them on the main site, if you're on board with it. Let me know if that's something you're okay with. Nothing in the pipeline for boudoir and Erik is the only shoot in the category lol.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea that's ok
Bill: cool. I supposed I should post you guys and Erik so if anyone wanted to ask about boudoir they'd know I can shoot it.
Bill: Not well, really, but I'll figure it out.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye! why not its not like me and tom got real nekid so
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~how tf are there no pics of us as mc and seven kissing this is an outrage~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): im assuming theres at least a few in the boudoir set but like???
Aldus Larian (Jess): im trying to look at the ota schedule but god the layout is so unattractive
Andrew: its out?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea it came out like super early this year
Aldus Larian (Jess): someone i follow is putting together a group of the Yona baseball outfits but its for a TX con
Nokri (Marisa): Time to go to Texas
Bill: I need to plan shoots at Ota.
Bill: Though I lack motivation.
Andrew: 
Andrew: Amazon is clutch
Aldus Larian (Jess): Amazing
Nokri (Marisa): lob
Andrew: Lol
Bill: I'm canceling the rooms I got for ANYC.
Bill: I dunno about everyone else but I think we're conned out enough as is without adding more overnights.
Nokri (Marisa): Need more cons 
Day cons and close cons
Bill: Got any news on Zenkai room block opening?
Nokri (Marisa): Zenkai is a mess
Nokri (Marisa): They’re still sorting themselves out
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oof
Nokri (Marisa): ok i have little wig combs now to make removable kemonomimi
Bill: I swear to god someone make sure I use the 50mm lens again at Ota.
Bill: I'm tired of the zoom's quality.
Bill: Also less tilt. I'm ruining shots with too much tilt now.
Bill: oof.
Nokri (Marisa): more tilt
Nokri (Marisa): dynamic
Bill: nope, after a point it looks like you were drunk and weren't able to hold it straight.
Nokri (Marisa): dynamic
Aldus Larian (Jess): Depends on the shot
Bill: too much
Nokri (Marisa): not enough
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye cuz he head got cut off
Nokri (Marisa): tilt it more so it's not cut off. ez
Bill: Shot too tight to rotate it.
Bill: It sucks.
Nokri (Marisa): just zoom out, duh
Bill: That's as dud a shoot as I've ever had.
Bill: Oof.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the whole shoot
Aldus Larian (Jess): ?
Bill: Yeah I'm not happy with it at all. Bad colors, lighting weird, I dunno what the fuck we were thinking for angles.
Bill: Granted it was rushed (before the contest), Leanna was distracted cause they lost their keys, Anna is scatterbrained, the motivation was like 'well there's nothing else to do'....
Bill: But.
Bill: I could do better and I must!
Nokri (Marisa): i make some more changes to try and look closer to the character <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): kind of looks much more overly fake tho
Bill: Not really.
Nokri (Marisa): orly? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): I never processed the image sjdjsjdusis that should’ve been the first thing to do
Aldus Larian (Jess): Too tier edits
Nokri (Marisa): I’m a big sham <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): TOP TIER
Nokri (Marisa): jess top tier
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mawisa top tier!
Nokri (Marisa): top tier swindler, i will now head out to the streets to rip people off for money
