Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!184437198865563648> joe got you good during the meet up
Bill: Ngl my first thought was that's a dig at how we shot the entire time.
Bill: But he seems too friendly for that.
Bill: Also told him I'll be in touch about CCE, since he knows who I actually am now. Maybe I can get him to shoot our mystic messenger shoot.
Bill: 
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): no cosplay? :0
Bill: She put on the vault suit later.
Nokri (Marisa): u? :0
and no cosplay at beginning? :0
Bill: No cosplay for me, too hot to care.
Bill: And yes no cosplay.
Nokri (Marisa): !!!???
Bill: It's also fun to do photos outside of cosplay.
Nokri (Marisa): dang i get excluded photos all the time, cosplay is the only chance to actually do stuff. that cray
Nokri (Marisa): it a cosplay meetup :0
no cosplay at a cosplay meetup :0
that cray
Bill: What are you saying about excluded?
Nokri (Marisa): like family photos and stuff
Nokri (Marisa): non-cosplay photos in general
Nokri (Marisa): gotta cosplay 24/7
Bill: We don't exclude you.
Nokri (Marisa): ya because we cosplay <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: No, we don't exclude you at all. =T
Nokri (Marisa): because we cosplay <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: No.
Nokri (Marisa): ye <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: 😒
Nokri (Marisa): wot
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We didn't exclude you from pictures at your birthday! <:mew_face:498866691963355137>
Bill: ^
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You weren't cosplaying then
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Boom. Checkmate
Nokri (Marisa): you shoulda hhhhhhhhh i ruined it
Aldus Larian (Jess): We not just friends cuz of cosplay tho!
Nokri (Marisa): i don't think there are any pictures of any other birthday i've had though, is what i mean. my family never takes pictures of me and there are very very few non-selfie pictures of me outside of cosplay so it's weird to me.

my sister had a whole photoshoot of the entire family while i sat in the living room and watched her dog, until they needed the dog for pictures then i sat alone
Bill: I take pictures with you, of you, cosplay or not because we are friends and cosplay has no part in why we are friends. That you're implying otherwise annoys me.
Bill: Now that I do understand.
Nokri (Marisa): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: My family isn't big on pictures either.
Bill: But don't lump us with in with that.
Nokri (Marisa): no my family loves pictures
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't lump you guys in with that? where did i do that
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): yeah, you don't exclude me because we cosplay <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): aside from party i don't think we've ever not hung out in cosplay which is entirely my fault but we cosplay <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): and college
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's more of a distance thing than anything
Nokri (Marisa): ye
Nokri (Marisa): am i doing something wrong because i feel like i'm doing something wrong to everyone
Nokri (Marisa): i just thought it was crazy not to cosplay at a cosplay event
Nokri (Marisa): did i misconstrue the event
Bill: We do cosplay. It is a large reason we hang out. It's hard for you to travel at the moment without a reason like a convention to travel.

That does NOT mean cosplay is why I like you. If you never cosplayed again, I would still be your friend. Don't say "Don't exclude because cosplay". I don't exclude you because I like having you around.
Nokri (Marisa): I never said you excluded me tho
Nokri (Marisa): I said my family does
Bill: `11:04 PM] Nokri (Marisa): yeah, you don't exclude me because we cosplay`
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve also said I’m willing to travel up there for a weekend if circumstances are right and I’m invited
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah we cosplay <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): See I explicitly said you don’t exclude me
Bill: Your wording implies that if you didn't cosplay, we would exclude you. Do you not mean that?
Nokri (Marisa): no
Nokri (Marisa): well maybe i don't know anymore i've started having an episode i'm sorry
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't originally mean it that way
Bill: Okay. I'm sorry then, I misunderstood you. I would want you around even if you didn't cosplay, and I thought you were saying I wouldn't. That's my mistake. Thank you for clarifying.
Bill: I'm sorry I stressed you out.
Bill: You know you always have an invite to come to anything north, though we haven't done anything planned in awhile. Georgia's birthday is probably the next thing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ya was just misunderstanding no one did anything wrong!
Nokri (Marisa): no it's my fault i'm sorry for everything
Nokri (Marisa): im really sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): There's nothing to be sorry for 💕
Bill: You explained yourself and fixed my mistake. That was really helpful Mawisa.
Bill: We wuv you just as you are. 💟
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok I have 2 choices rn 
Keep working on my cosplay which I have been working in for about 10 hrs now so I can finish tonight or

Wake up at a reasonable hour tomorrow morning to finish it. 

I have some trim and zippers left and then I'm done
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Finish tonight, rest tomorrow
Bill: sleep is good.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "Wake up at a reasonable hour tomorrow morning to finish X" always fails
Aldus Larian (Jess): Even if I woke up late I could still do it tho. 🤔 But I also maybe wanna go swimming tomorrow. And I'm so tired of being sweaty <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Swim :O
Bill: Today is inspiring me to choice an apartment complex with pool.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I was gonna go to my parents house if I finish in time cuz my house only has one AC room
Aldus Larian (Jess): I still have to add 2 zippers but I'll do that tomorrow. I swear it doesn't look that weird when it's actually on me
Bill: > conversation before the shoot: ye finding time to edit and return photos is so hard return times suck
> after shoot: I stayed up all night doing edits and I see you did too!!!
Bill: Is V meming happening friday night? I'mma start packing today.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Don't really know for sure I might just through him in in case but no set time to wear
Bill: Mm. Coat'll be bulky so bringing will depend on room then. I'd change after the RE shoot at the earliest so not before like, 6, and I'd at least wanna do the spiderverse meme shots (we can ask Mawisa ~~and throw money at her for being a good bean~~)
Bill: "You look like you're going to backhand me with light"
Bill: 
Bill: Wow. That’s actually not so bad to look at. I figured unless you printed the contact sheet it wouldn’t be nice.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Is that the “keepers”
Bill: They'll get filtered down a bit during editing but it's the edit pool.
Bill: The instagram chat has been going off all morning.
Bill: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/ichgwqqztg95f1p/AAAD2-y2QdSmbZ4YsTQbfiSIa?dl=0 Joe posted his top shots.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm done I'm done <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Woo!
Bill: YO WHAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971> ?
Bill: I got a notification of a payment from a Jill on paypal and I was like "wtf", then a ko-fi notification. I forgot I *had* ko-fi.
Bill: 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): woo!
Bill: I mean yeah, I have no idea why you're remembering this *now* and it's totally okay you didn't tip me but I was hella surprised
Nokri (Marisa): might've went to post a picture
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye probably
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yaay! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Oh good point.
Bill: I totally thought someone mispelled an email on paypal lol
Bill: ~~kofi  was like "congrats on your *FIRST KOFI*"~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Prrof it doesn't look at weird on me
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ignore shorts
Bill: I didn't think it would look weird on you to start!
Bill: Well done!
Aldus Larian (Jess): It looks weird on the dressform 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): And thank
Bill: yeeee sometimes that a thing. The light in my closet (where my mirror) at makes outfits look shitter than they are.
Bill: I chalked the dress form look up to that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah it's just cuz the dress form isn't exactly my shape so it doesn't fit it perfectly
Bill: V lapel pin added.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: HAHAHA instead of an XL kaminari shirt they sent me it in L, female.
Bill: That was.
Bill: lol.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OMG
Bill: I would.
Bill: Order it again to get the right size.
Bill: But they fucked it up once sooooo
Bill: ~~but I liked that fucking design so~~
Bill: Amazon didn't even want it back.
Bill: So. If anyone wants it, I can't wear it so.
Dizzy: You should choose order again
Bill: !choose order again,give up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): What does the shirt look like?
Bill: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You could just get a plain white t-shirt from a craft store and paint that on
Bill: I already still need to make the bolt clip for the hair like.
Bill: Lets keep it simple lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Painting a lightning bolt on a shirt isn't simple?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~tell me your shirt size and I'll make it for you~~
Bill: I can paint with light. Painting with paint is. Not so easy.
Bill: I had said it, XL. I'mma try a one day order for tomorrow though. I really do like the design with the Kaminari jacket.
Bill: do... yall see these too?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): No
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): No
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also, sorry, forgot you said it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hypothetically speaking, when did you need this shirt for?
Nokri (Marisa): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Bill: I'm planning to do casual Kaminari saturday.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Excellent (hypothetically)
Bill: Or semi formal (swing dancing themed) but that'll be hotter and heat death.
Bill: It must be the betterdiscord plugin.
Bill: Those don’t show up on mobile.
Bill: Kaminari
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Trying to kill 45 minutes at Michael's until a coupon becomes active...
Bill: Take selfies in the floral aisle.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Now what
Bill: Get *artistic*. sink yourself into the leaves all instagram like
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Are the Halloween decorations out yet? Make a lovely scene on a shelf with the skeletons
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Found CCE Blake sunglasses
Kaio Vermino (Lee): YAAAAAAASSS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): THE NOSE PADS ARE SO FAR APART
Bill: PERF
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The *corners* of the *metal bridge* are what's holding them on. Yikes hard pass
Bill: I need to start using a fucking grey carrrrrddddddddd
Nokri (Marisa): They’ve gotta be worn while doing extreme sports and can only be worn at the very end of the nose
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 3pm hit and the register line immediately started to build up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Luckily I got there earlier
Bill: He’s. Really into that picture.
Nokri (Marisa): next time someone starts recruiting for a sailor moon group i'm gonna join as Sailor Kerokko
Nokri (Marisa): she's from the musicals she's official
Bill: http://www.thelittlethingswemiss.us/gallery/2019/07/21/black-dress-arcade.html <@!245270932602486784>
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@386874959009415170>  those are good selfies 👌
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> http://www.thelittlethingswemiss.us/gallery/2019/07/21/sole-survivor-arcade-meetup.html
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OOOOO YEAH
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THANK BILL
Nokri (Marisa): It’s ten billion degrees and I have to heat up this wig help
Kaio Vermino (Lee): oh no
Kaio Vermino (Lee): my condolences
Nokri (Marisa): My eyes and ears were the first thing to melt I can no longer receive communication but thanks
Bill: My parents, the two weeks leading up to a con: "where are you going again?"
"DC"
"Whose going?"
"so and so"
"oh, how many rooms?"
"The one."

My parents, 3 days later: "So where are you going"
"DC"
"and whose going"
Bill: You uh. Don't have to ask if you aren't going to both remembering.
Bill: What app do you guys use for posting not square images? With the backgrounds?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Square insta pic?
Bill: ye.
Bill: like Erik's bee post.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): instasize
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Thank!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I feel like a broken record asking this and I'm sorry I keep forgetting. What's everyone doing for Ota?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Just trying to gauge which day to do Blake and Kiri
Bill: It’s been all over the place you’re fine.
Bill: I’m doing casual/formalish Kaminari Saturday, Georgia is doing Toga. Sunday Tom and Marisa are doing magus bride.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Friday is mina, Saturday is touka (Tokyo Ghoul) and Sunday I'm doing a lady version of CC (code Geass)
Aldus Larian (Jess): Friday I think Tom is doing todoroki , Saturday he's keneki (toyko ghoul) and Sunday is Ruth from magis bride
Aldus Larian (Jess): I also might throw V in my bag for funsies
Nokri (Marisa): I forget what I was gonna do Friday evening. Morning was Kagura. 
Blake and Yona and maybe Morgiana sat
Chise Sunday
Nokri (Marisa): Oh I think I was on the fence between uraraka and mari
Bill: Apparently I have the wrong BNHA day lol.
Bill: (Which is fine, now that I booked shoots through the day I don’t want to be doing full Kaminari ~~not to mention I didn’t get the better pants yet~~)
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah Erik and Georgia are doing Saturday for BNHA I think?
Bill: Ye. I’d have liked to dedicated more time to wandering in cosplay together but stupid pants and now I’m good and booked.
Bill: I wanna dedicate a day to more cosplaying than photography soon. I enjoyed the couple hours Georgia and I wandered as Hazel and Pyrrha at Next so doing that for BNHA or rwby sound good.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I hadn't decided but I'll probably do Kiri on Saturday and Blake Sunday
Bill: Then again, CCE I’m not going to want to have my camera so good time for it.
Nokri (Marisa): Whaaaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): I’ll bring my camera to CCE
Nokri (Marisa): Is this purple too light and is that one messed up thread ok Erik? Hypothetically
Nokri (Marisa): It’s got like a mesh texture to it, I can hypothetically paint over it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hypothetically, it looks amazing
Nokri (Marisa): the messed up thread shouldn't be visible when it's put on. i was gonna re-do it but then realized i've have to redo the whole thing because of one thread haha oops
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Don't worry about it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's not noticeable
Nokri (Marisa): bless
