Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Wow that's the edgiest photo I've ever seen
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): (The first one)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It tru
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s so much yandere
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Wow, can RT make Nora canonically wear those sunglasses? Maybe when they're trudging through Vacuo?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I got so many compliments on those 😂
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Okay that’s my selfie dump
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL CLEANING MY MOMS ROOM WHEN
Aldus Larian (Jess): Cute
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:then_perish:554720548274569246>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lmao what
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:minathink:544567715931750405> <:minathink:544567715931750405> <:minathink:544567715931750405> <:minathink:544567715931750405> <:minathink:544567715931750405> <:thinku:543194478614413318> <:thinku:543194478614413318> <:thinku:543194478614413318> <:thinku:543194478614413318>
N👌kri (Marisa): Yeah Otakon Vegas! It’s no longer a thing I don’t think. It was for two or three years
Bill: Videographer added me on Facebook? Interesting.
Bill: Maybe he lost my card.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <@301927856240459777> aparantly Google calendar thought your picture was important enough to automatically mark down as an event
Aldus Larian (Jess): no u silly that cus its out calendar thet we share and thats they i put the shoot in as
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WOAHHH
El🆓de Faun (Tom): SHOULDA LET ME BELIEVE THE FORMER
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
N👌kri (Marisa): FACEBOOK CONTROLS ALL
N👌kri (Marisa): cosplay horror stories
N👌kri (Marisa): wait i have 4 days of manga to catch up on
N👌kri (Marisa): what first
Aldus Larian (Jess): horror stories horror stories
N👌kri (Marisa): truu
sorry i was discussing moving to animenext staff with someone because they had to hire interpreters but they'd rather have free volunteers
but animenext's staff sounds like a mess too, but being an interpreter is more prestigious and i might not be treated like a low-tier laborer like at zenkai
N👌kri (Marisa): lemme see if i can find a video
Bill: Hunter will probably help you out. You’ll have to ride with his casual attitude towards things though.
N👌kri (Marisa): what do u mean how would he help me out
Bill: But *yeaaaaah* Next is a mess too.
Bill: If you told him you were thinking about staffing he’d introduce you to people and stuff?
Bill: I mean you know a lot of people too.
N👌kri (Marisa): i already know people
the board of directors at animenext personally asked me to help staff this year but i declined
Bill: Girl you gotta stop downplaying how famoose you are.
Bill: That’s so cool.
N👌kri (Marisa): the people forget about me easily i think
i'm not fame
Bill: Marisa is cool.
N👌kri (Marisa): no u
Aldus Larian (Jess): she does necessarily downplay it just doent feel the need to discuss it or take advantage
N👌kri (Marisa): i gotta repent for cutting the pre-reg line on thursday that's tearing me up inside
N👌kri (Marisa): i saw a lot of people from zenkaikon who i've directly worked with. some of them remember me (jim, penny, kiwi, dan), a lot didn't and didn't recognize me (nai, lizzy, wheezey)
N👌kri (Marisa): and by "directly work with" i mean "spent a whole weekend working side by side for 8 hours a day"
N👌kri (Marisa): thurs-sun
N👌kri (Marisa): SO in 2013 or 2014, I can't remember but around then, Panty & Stocking was at the height of popularity. There were these two girls who decided to enter the masquerade as Panty and Stocking doing a really cute tango-like dance routine. They practiced for weeks/months and had their routine down perfectly. Outfits were on point, everything was great.
They go up on stage to do their skit and at one point they have to dip each other. Panty dips stocking, great! Stocking dips panty. Her wig falls off despite the ton of bobby pins. They had practiced with the wigs before but I guess they were nervous and sweatier than usual and the sweat made all the bobby pins null. So they finished the dance without the wig (just in a wig cap) and they've never been able to live it down.

I saw that happen live and I still feel so bad for them.
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH NO D:
N👌kri (Marisa): Another story:
Girl is cosplaying Wolfwood from Trigun. He has a giant cross, I'll go find a pic
N👌kri (Marisa): leik dis
N👌kri (Marisa): so she wants to make the cross! yeah! it's a big part of identifying his character. She first tries to make it out of wood or such, but it's super heavy and that won't work all day at a con. So she makes it a second time out of foam, but it's also not working. Too unstable. She gets fed up and makes a third one out of cardboard and wraps it in fabric. It's flimsy but it works.

Goes to pack the car and head down to Otakon (~6 hour drive she said). Cross won't fit in her car. SO
N👌kri (Marisa): she ties the cross to the roof of the car
N👌kri (Marisa): gets in and starts driving down
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh no that masquerade story is sad 😢 but was the dance good?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Maybe they save face
N👌kri (Marisa): YEAH they were really good!!! the dance was cute
N👌kri (Marisa): but so many people saw it and there are so many pictures rip
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's awesome tho, the wig thing sucks but I'm sure thier performance more than made up for it
N👌kri (Marisa): Cross girl: Everything goes fine and well and dandy! They make it down to Baltimore with no issues. Until they're 10 minutes from the con and the sky opens up and it starts to downpour. They rush as fast as possible to find a parking garage by the hotel that has a roof. They get there and get out of the car, the cross is basically deflated and hugging the roof of the car. <:rip:369476083248267274>
They rush to the hotel and check in and ask for 2 extra hair dryers to try and revive it. Next day at the con, it's ok! She gets stopped about 3 times for pictures and after the 3rd time, the arms on the cross floop down like they've deflated and she had to toss it. Sad!
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH NO! 😭
Andrew: Rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats so sad
Andrew: At least she got the few picstures
Andrew: rather than it dying en route
N👌kri (Marisa): Similar story:
I forget what costume this guy said he was doing, but it was red. All red armor or such. Spent a ton of money and months working on it.
N👌kri (Marisa): It was his child. Pride and Joy.
N👌kri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Andrew: oh no
N👌kri (Marisa): Him and his friends start gearing up to go to the con, pack the car and start to head down. He had put the box in the driveway for the friend to load up as he was bringing out more luggage. As they were driving down, he glanced in the back and noticed the box wasn't there. So he goes, "hey, did we remember to load [the costume]?" Everyone else in the car goes, "oh, no? Probably not whoops," including the guy who was supposed to load the box.

Turns out, as he silently denied loading the box, he didn't mention that he had forgotten the box on the roof of the car. At this point they were on a major interstate highway. Driver makes a U-turn and begins to head back, hoping maybe the box is still in the driveway. As they drive they begin seeing little bits of red foam and fabric on the road. <:hmm:543194383885926403>
N👌kri (Marisa): rest in pieces
Andrew: big RIP
Andrew: im imagining that happen to all my armor sets
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG NOOOOOOOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): AGHHH
N👌kri (Marisa): The beowolf cosplayer from last year?/two years ago? was telling the story of his stilts and how he smashed up his face and scraped up his legs because he didn't make the stilts properly
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh noeeeee
N👌kri (Marisa): Also, remember that insulation foam melts when spray painted, as one girl found out the hard way after 2 weeks of hand carving and sanding a gorgeous keyblade, only to have it disintegrate in front of her eyes as she went to paint it <:rip:369476083248267274>
Andrew: oh god
Andrew: thats horrible
N👌kri (Marisa): omg there was a story about EMCP!! The creepy photog i worked with!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That happened to <@228287793099440128>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): With his poor shield
N👌kri (Marisa): OH NOO
N👌kri (Marisa): EMCP invited two cosplayers to a photoshoot at his new york apartment, on the same day his roommate was having a bunch of models over for a photoshoot. He leaves the cosplayers on their own for a bit saying "you can network with the models!" Cosplayers, being antisocial nerds, were kind of hesitant. There was a food table set up in a corner so the one girl went over and picked up a reeses cup. Eugene sees her and goes "oh, that's not model food. That's for the photographers, you shouldn't be eating that stuff. We have salad over there" or something like that. The cosplayer looked him dead in the eyes and ate the chocolate in one bite.
N👌kri (Marisa): omg andru 128mb this file is huge
Bill: *give them to Ray*
N👌kri (Marisa): the file? :0
Andrew: is it one of the vids?
N👌kri (Marisa): the folder itself but u right the videos are probably what makes it big
Aldus Larian (Jess): WTF?!
Bill: Marisa told me this story while eating a Reese’s.
Andrew: had to act it out
Bill: *I think she was sending me a message*
Bill: :3
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _good morning world con fatigue made me sleep til noon_
Andrew: my legs arent working so i can feel that
Andrew: 
Andrew: look what i found
N👌kri (Marisa): a suitcase!!
Andrew: yes i know! isnt it grand?
N👌kri (Marisa): at least three grand
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woah!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We had one we were given but the timing was way way off for the bobbin sooo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We threw it out and got a new one oops
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my mom got mad at me for buying one when she had an extra machine her mom got her for her wedding that she never uses lol
N👌kri (Marisa): collect them all
Andrew: now just to learn how to use it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My mom cleaned out her closet and now I got two free pairs of boots YEET
N👌kri (Marisa): omg i think there are two versions of the left brain right brain song with super subtle differences
the version i'm using isn't matching up to jess in certain parts i gotta find the one she used
N👌kri (Marisa): ok i think i found it
N👌kri (Marisa): it doesn't have the full opening spiel though
N👌kri (Marisa): they're so similar but just different enough to mess up the timing of the video aaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo no mines the one on Spotify that all I know
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's like the album version? I think?
N👌kri (Marisa): we're missing literally the last like 5 seconds where they combined together haha rip
where should i cut it off? before juggling?
N👌kri (Marisa): breaking down sobbing?
N👌kri (Marisa): wait no omg we need "no you're not" in there
N👌kri (Marisa): i'll put it up to "we can do comedy" for now
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea we def need no your not
Aldus Larian (Jess): Maybe "take the best part of both of us, put em together"
N👌kri (Marisa): ooo that's a good part
it's already rendering oops but if you don't like it i can go back and cut it there, that's probably a better idea because the current end is cringy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Okey dokey
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!334090409389195266> <@!386874959009415170> any preference for which day we do mini gendervengers squad at Otakon?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm only going Sat and Sun so either of those days would be fine for me
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea sat or Sun works for me too
N👌kri (Marisa): o yeah that's next month
time to make an otakon lineup
N👌kri (Marisa): yona, morgiana, chise, ranka, blake, natsumi, saber. done.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m feelin like Saturday morning til like 4
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And then hopefully I’ll have LEDs in Toga by then so I might wear that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I’ll plan Thor for Saturday too 😎👉
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think I’ll do RWBY Friday????
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Thor/Toga Saturday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Spidergwoon Sunday (oof finally maybe)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _wait the thighrates_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ooooh I'll probably change into Kiri. It'll be hot. Kiri is good for hot weather
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Maybe Blake Sunday
Bill: Jones is out cause heat.
Bill: I enjoyed wandering in rwby... I wanna do that if I’m cosplaying for sure.
Bill: Will probably want to do Kaminari or fatgum on one of the other days if there’s other people in it.
Bill: ~~being alone in cosplay gives me anxiety I find~~
Nokri (Fopdoodle): im gonna go back to doing it more
Nokri (Fopdoodle): freedom
Nokri (Fopdoodle): no disappoint
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh yeah david said hes also gonna do miles spidersuit at one point
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): he was like "yo we have the same last name, how could i not"
Bill: There was no disappointment Marisa?
Nokri (Fopdoodle): all
Aldus Larian (Jess): Fopdoodle? 😮
Bill: I wanted to hang with David and lex more. Jessie’s too but they disappeared straight up.
Bill: Bleh.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): sakura started drama for like all of saturday 🙄
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): we got to the rave like two hours late cause they all had to talk about her behavior
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): she said she felt left out of their group and threatened to take a bus back early
Nokri (Fopdoodle): why would you leave an event early if you paid for it :0
meg and flora had some room drama also
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~cuz u gotta go to wedding~~
Nokri (Fopdoodle): <:thinku:543194478614413318> what u think
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U7MiIF2OrgX3N3pt4oNdD9X7seNR_iq3/view?usp=sharing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): omg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _the censoring at the dirty parts_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I LOVE THE "NO YOURE NOT"
Nokri (Fopdoodle): THAT'S THE BEST PART
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): is it out of sync or is that just my computer? :/
Nokri (Fopdoodle): we were like 5 seconds from the end of the song but the camera could only record up to a certain amount of time atyrstdjykdjhgf
Nokri (Fopdoodle): is it out of sync? i tried to match it as best I could but i didn't check it after uploading it oops
Nokri (Fopdoodle): the beginning segment was really out of sync so i cut it entirely
Nokri (Fopdoodle): because of the differences in versions ahhh
Nokri (Fopdoodle): it seeeeems in sync to me i think
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): maybe uploading it did something?
Nokri (Fopdoodle): is the music too fast or too slow?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): music is like a little more than half a second too early
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but despite that, IT CAME OUT REALLY GOOD AND CUTE
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ah I'm watching fruits basket but I watch when done
Nokri (Fopdoodle): jess did really good yeah!!!!
it doesn't seem out of sync to me we need another opinion, watch yer fruits basket!!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm downloading it to see if maybe it's just Google Drive being a butt
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's almost a quarter of the way downloaded
Nokri (Fopdoodle): sorry it's big
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): still out of sync :/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sowwy
Nokri (Fopdoodle): ok i'll restart everything and re-render it to see if that fixes the problem, it seems in sync to me though so i'm not sure what to do ahhh
