Aldus Larian (Jess): New MC wog <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ahhhh!! Its so cute
Aldus Larian (Jess): Thank! It's a much more manageable length and doesn't weigh like 20 lbs
Kaio Vermino (Lee): The color is really nice too
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I think the colors much better
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Whoa irl MC
Nokri (Marisa): pro cosplayer tip
sew things to yourself the night before so you have less to sew in the car
Nokri (Marisa): don't actually sew it into your skin tho i've done that it's not great
Aldus Larian (Jess): I had to trim the bangs a bit cuz they were too in my eyes
Nokri (Marisa): ~~pro cosplay tip remove eyes~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's what Tom told me!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Alas I cannot
Nokri (Marisa): High Stress Vibes
El氣電e Faun (Tom): NICU
El氣電e Faun (Tom): OH THATS WHY YOU WERE DOIN HOLO
El氣電e Faun (Tom): There's an event today?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I saw bits of that conversation
Aldus Larian (Jess): Trimming bangs is the most nerve wracking thing on the planet
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh also for epic cosplays wigs seem to have a larger net than others so if you find miggies too small for you you might wanna check there
Nokri (Marisa): Ye! Meetup was good, Anna looked really cool and everyone was sweaty but the mansion was perfect
Aldus Larian (Jess): CUTE!
Aldus Larian (Jess): You look so cute
Nokri (Marisa): ~~I posted info about the meetup publicly here and in BNE so I窶冦 sorry if you guys were interested I thought everyone had seen the info ;A; ~~
Nokri (Marisa): No u owo
Nokri (Marisa): Where窶冱 that Uno card when I need it :3c
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~Na Tom just doesn't pay attention to planning~~
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ahhhhh that's such a cute cosplay
Nokri (Marisa): Lee we missed yooouuu but it is really hot outside so I hope you窶决e somewhere air conditioned and hydrated
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea I was gonna come but I woke up late and it's like a 2 hour trip for me Dx
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm glad you guys had fun though
Nokri (Marisa): Ye it was tiny, maybe 15 people max
Kaio Vermino (Lee): That's nice though!
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Tiny is good
Aldus Larian (Jess): BNE Anna? Or another Anna?
Nokri (Marisa): Ye BNE!
Aldus Larian (Jess): No nice!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): SO GOOD
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Perfect Holo 泗 泗
