Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@301927856240459777> I think, hypothetically speaking, 2.5" would be a good size. You know, hypothetically. And if they were hypothetically black with hypothetical people on front, that would hypothetically be neat. If you were to hypothetically make them, how much can I hypothetically pay you for your hypothetical services because I would hypothetically want to support your crafting skills monetarily. Hypothetically.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): On an un-hypothetical note, CCE Kiri is good to go
Nokri (Marisa): Hypothetically, I only have purple fabric paint and hypothetical purple fabric that isn't furry. so the purple part wouldn't be fuzzy, it's be flat like the inside of a cat's ear unless you don't hypothetically mind me hypothetically experimenting with paint and black fabric. this would be hypothetically free because it's all hypothetical <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I hypothetically wouldn't mind it being flat on the inside.
Nokri (Marisa): Then we’re hypothetically in business <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Test fit with new rifle OwO
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nicu
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): NICE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Definitely worth the 20 dolla
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Pew pew
Nokri (Marisa): *careful with your finger over the trigger aaaaaaaaaaa there goes the ceiling*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OH NO
Aldus Larian (Jess): Anytime the sewing directions tell me to press the the fabric
Aldus Larian (Jess): That doesn't exactly make sense but you get the idea
El🆓de Faun (Tom): So I cut and styled Ruth but the bangs aren't technically long enough 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Prob fine ?
Aldus Larian (Jess): It fine!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): What character is this for?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ruth from Ancient Magus Bride!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh neato
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Doggo!?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): He a doggo!
Nokri (Marisa): **It Ruth!**
El🆓de Faun (Tom): So it look okay?
Bill: For understandable reasons we said fuck it to the outdoor portion of the meetup.
Bill: You look like Ruth ye Tom. I like it.
Bill: Between this and CCE, I’ve decided Arcade shoots are just too much effort. It took like a half hour to get each shot right.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm dying
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm so sweaty and I still have like half a costume to go
Nokri (Marisa): tape ice to skin
Nokri (Marisa): do you have any baby wipes
Nokri (Marisa): or baby powder
Nokri (Marisa): perchance a baby
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I mean I've been like wiping myself down and stuff I took a shower earlier, if I finish tonight I'mma take a cold bath lol
Nokri (Marisa): no!!! take regular bath!!! or warm bath!!!
Nokri (Marisa): when you get out of a cold bath, it'll feel hotter when you cool down
Nokri (Marisa): if you take a regular bath or a warm bath, the heat will feel cooler
Nokri (Marisa): i learned that from anime
Nokri (Marisa): so it must be true
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea but after bath I can go in my bedroom which is AC if I finish
Nokri (Marisa): CC in the AC
Aldus Larian (Jess): I GOT CHEESE
Aldus Larian (Jess): Him soft
Nokri (Marisa): CHEESE
Nokri (Marisa): SOFT CHEESE
Bill: Woo!
Bill: Y’all inspiring me to try and find an apartment with central air.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Just get one that does have crank windows lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Something is messed up here
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hmmm
Aldus Larian (Jess): We're uh gonna ignore that
Nokri (Marisa): can fix when hemming@
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
