N🆗ri (Marisa): 10;30 now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 👀👀👀
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m on dealer’s hall staff for zenkai!! Thank goodness.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Dealers hall security
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEET
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Check my badge bb
N🆗ri (Marisa): I was afraid I was gonna get stuck with like the 3am security
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ok please hold ur badge up as you pass through thanks
Dirty Lego (Tom): ill flip my badge and hide it under six layers of cosplay
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Why it 10:30 now wot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Cuz it was too late 😂
Bill: Ye most of us were complaining that midnight too late.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It was 11 for a while too
Bill: It was never officially made 11.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oh then I wonder where I got that number from
Bill: They talked about it there as potentially 11, you had it right.
Bill: It just hadn't been officially changed.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oof what a mess
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *screams into the abyss*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "whats that? your not cosplaying noragami this con? Guess who needs the 2 characters you cosplay?!"
Bill: They are looking for... the unnamed main character... of a visual novel where you adopt and own catgirl maids...
Bill: ~~that's asking for trouble right~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oo nekopara that’s cute 
Hopefully the deduction of needing a costume will weed out the worst of the creeps
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean no ones asking for trouble but yea the creeps will need to be weeded out
N🆗ri (Marisa): y'all gotta bring noragami now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah theyll prob wanna do Friday or Saturday
N🆗ri (Marisa): totally you should do it
Bill: I had the thought earlier, should I see if Erik wants to stick around through Monday?
Bill: cheaper for us, and he can hangout sunday night.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): sure why not
N🆗ri (Marisa): longer mystic mess shoots
Dirty Lego (Tom): Oo ive never seen a Yukine
N🆗ri (Marisa): i know a yukine cosplayer if you ever want to rent one
N🆗ri (Marisa): can ask her
Bill: is it you?
Dirty Lego (Tom): Is it you <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): is it you
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~it's carley~~
Bill: Erik is in for sunday night.
N🆗ri (Marisa): all! day! photoshoots!! woooo!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): SWEEEET
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think tom was gonna pay soon so well need a new total
Bill: 63.01*4.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ill need the other prices again too then
Bill: what other prices?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): for the other nights?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oooo nvm
Bill: 63.01 for every night.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so 504.24 <@!351785752197201920>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im sure he was very hard to convince XD
Bill: Was mostly if he wanted another day off.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): figured
Bill: he'll have a sleeping bag, so he's covered sleeping wise...
Bill: Mawisa you okay with share with me? Georgia be taking her air mattress when she left.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so we have how many for sunday?
Bill: 5.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): coo
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _someones cosplaying mothman to katsu_
N🆗ri (Marisa): Katsu has completely taken over me. I spilled paint on my pants so I changed into sweatpants but I hesitated because *what if I need these sweatpants for cosplay*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do nakie
N🆗ri (Marisa): wot
N🆗ri (Marisa): Gotta bust out that Tsukimi cosplay
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~legit the only reason I own sweatpants~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oh! I just found my Karuta wig while looking for something else. Time to costest that.
N🆗ri (Marisa): MY POI!! I can firebend and water bend again!!
N🆗ri (Marisa): Is there anything I can do like that at Katsu
N🆗ri (Marisa): Last time I used them for cosplay was in 2015 wew
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
N🆗ri (Marisa): Also found ruby and neon wigs so I could do either to the pj party
N🆗ri (Marisa): I could do neon in a skeleton cat kigu
N🆗ri (Marisa): It’s kind of dia de los muertos lookin but I dunno if it suits neon’s image
N🆗ri (Marisa): *i do have a rainbow cape*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): someone remind me to get pics as 2B WITH my blindfold XD
Bill: Ye.
N🆗ri (Marisa): You don’t have any pictures with your blindfold?? A crisis
N🆗ri (Marisa): Selfie filters are so great they make me look like anime
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo cute
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ye I’m really digging this costume a lot
N🆗ri (Marisa): It’s also really quick to put on so it’s good for lazy cosplays
