Bill: So.
Bill: I gotta figure out what to tell Kirsten about print rights.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): could just say "case by case basis" for now
Bill: Mmm... I just don't know how photography usually handle it.
Bill: Upfront fee, permanent rights?
Nokri (Marisa): prints don't have watermarks on them so people aren't gonna know you're the photographer
so keep that in mind and determine if that changes your opinion of anytime
Bill: She mentioned adding one herself as her idea.
Bill: I'm not giving her them without my seal on the bottom right.
Bill: Cause it's more signature than watermark.
Nokri (Marisa): one of her own watermarks?
Nokri (Marisa): like a cosplay watermark?
Nokri (Marisa): i don't know how well cosplay prints sell at all but i thought a person would at least know the cosplayer in the image if they're buying it
Bill: No, one to my credit as if I didn't have one.
Nokri (Marisa): oh that'd odd. did she ask for prices? sounds like by saying that she isn't familiar with your work or isn't expecting many/any print fees
Bill: she asked if I had rates and if I was sure about not having them. She's new to prints too.
Nokri (Marisa): there's usually a lot of long contracts involved
Nokri (Marisa): i've never seen those contracts but i've seen the pricings. prices have gotten really inflated but before it'd be like, $50 for a photoshoot and then $300 per picture you want to sell as a print. the ones from the photoshoot would be watermarked and then any bought for prints would be watermark free. or there's percentage based ones for people who've worked together more and are more trusting
Bill: That's. alot.
Nokri (Marisa): not really. prints usually go for like $10+ so if they sell 30 prints they get the money back
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): how the heck do people sell that many prints
Bill: That's what I'm thinking.
Nokri (Marisa): they fans? finninyan did it with her polaroids and it's big in japan at comiket.
Bill: Prints dont sell that well, and at this point Kirsten doesn't seem like she'll sell alot.
Nokri (Marisa): though at comiket they're much cheaper because printing stuff in japan is dirt cheap
Nokri (Marisa): prints sell well for super famous cosplayers
why would someone invest in prints if they won't sell :0
Nokri (Marisa): that's why the fees are so insane
Bill: Huh.
Bill: I think she lives in her town.
Bill: And she's more famous than I thought.
Nokri (Marisa): my cousin and his wife have shops for their instagrams and they shell out pretty pennies for any photographers they use
Nokri (Marisa): their lives are also INCREDIBLY scripted though 👀
Nokri (Marisa): oh i can't find it now maybe they took it down
they definitely sold shirts and stuff though
Nokri (Marisa): in checking their twitter i saw acosta started putting up cones and barriers for certain popular cosplayers to stand behind during cosplay events so photographers could circle around them <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): "enclosed photo area" <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: so.... I think the trend is either a one time fee to use the image for prints, or split profits.
Bill: Split profits would be... hard to deal with, cause I'm not running a business.
Bill: Do I even both? It's not like I charge already.
Nokri (Marisa): some people do both. smaller fee up front and then a smaller share of the profits
Bill: I guess. I'd feel dumb if she made BANK on the photo and I got nothign.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You could always just say "since photography isn't a job for me, I would prefer you didn't sell prints of my photos" 🤷
Bill: I dunno if I really have a problem with that.
Bill: Well if I think about it, I don't charge cause I enjoy shooting.
Bill: That logic doesn't apply to prints, there's nothing particularly 'enjoyable' about that other than flattery.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who's Kirsten?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The juxtaposition of these two sentences is amusing
Bill: Girl Georgia and I shot bug with last year at Next.
Bill: She cosplays Neo alot.
Bill: We see her, she nice.
Bill: Don't chat with her, but passes my gut tests.
Nokri (Marisa): o i didn't see that in bne, i can go check an old contract i have to see if print rights are mentioned
Nokri (Marisa): OOF still have old yona images open in my folder. pain
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh kiradesa
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i guess that does make sense
Bill: What does?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i never knew her name was kirsten
Nokri (Marisa): doxxed
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but her handle is part of her name
Bill: Ah ye.
Bill: Hmm. I think I wouldn't want to tell with split profit.
Bill: And tbh... it feels awkward to even ask for money for photography?
Bill: Like, for the flat fee option.
Nokri (Marisa): Not much on prints but the option is there. This is part of page one of a contract from Katsu, pictures for prints would have to be bought separately but it was crossed out for this
Nokri (Marisa): the option isn't listed on the picture there. i couldn't find any print contracts but that's what a basic photoshoot contract looks like
Bill: Looks fairly standard.
Bill: Feels like if I were to ask for money it would lock me in as a 'photographer' and not like, 'a friend'.
Bill: But prints are non standard.
Bill: Hmmmm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whats your gut say to do
Bill: Gut leans towards some kind of charge for it.
Bill: Which is why this is hard.
Bill: *Should I ask her what she's been doing with other photographers lol*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): can brain ratonalize why gut believes that
Bill: mm... not really? I guess it's above and beyond? Or commercializes the passion? I shoot cause I love it and want to make friends, I shoot with you because you like photos and  friendship and... etc. Prints aren't a part of my passion, and beyond enjoying my work and taking it to monetizing it.
Bill: I'm trying to compare to like 'what if it was Georgia doing it' and that's not even working because due to us working together all the time, if anything I'd say a split profit approach would be better.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah but you don’t wanna be on top of Kirsten
Bill: nah.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So you might just want a one and done deal
Bill: Oh, but I realize I like the split part because it's a cut of profit she already got. I'm not taking money *out* of her pocket you know?
Bill: Just a cut of what she gets.
Nokri (Marisa): what if me? i brought up jack wanting to use your pictures as advertisements a few times
Nokri (Marisa): what if it was a situation like that where it'd be used for someone else's profit and publicity
Bill: ~~I would never take money from you period~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I would say you sound a better fit for the flat fee upfront. You don’t want to have to keep track of Kirsten, don’t want to worry if she’s a nice person that’s skimming money off you, and, in a more altruistic way, it lets her pay her dues and then try to make it back
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Truth be told she may not sell a lot of prints SO I doubt you’d rake in much from percentages anyways
Bill: Here's the thing, I don't... need the money.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Then don’t make it a big flat fee
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Or don’t do it at all lol
Bill: I like the simplicity of the flat fee, I like the sense of earning from split profit, I don't like the split profit for the overhead...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A small flat fee, like 20 bucks, lets you feel like your role in the process of making prints is respected
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Without feeling like you’re killing Kirsten lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m just saying, knowing you, the flat fee up front sounds better
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If you decide that charging up front is your thing
Nokri (Marisa): ~~wouldn't be me it would be jack the fabric store owner buying prints of me~~
o $20 is super duper cheap
Bill: she'd recoup that in two print sales.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): IDK REAL WORLD MONEY 😭
Nokri (Marisa): at least $100 would be a "cheap" print fee
Nokri (Marisa): i think
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): .... is it that you want money because shed be making money or is it that you want credit for your work
Bill: lol this isn't real world money.
Bill: I think a little of both Leanna.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): depends, some people sell 12 dollar posters, some sell 5 dollar postcards
Nokri (Marisa): "I want $6000 but it has to be an even mix of monopoly money, coins from chuck e cheese, and animal crossing bells."
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this conversation has taught me do not sell prints 😂
Bill: Maybe it's like... I'm good without money things if both of us aren't doing it, or good with it if they are.
Bill: It's not that complicated.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Because this is like a long conversation on multiple servers of you just going back and forth saying you want to charge but that you dont need money
Bill: This is just me deciding how my preferences are.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~its that complicated if you start crunching the numbers~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): So if that's the case then maybe just ask her to watermark with your watermark and to credit you
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): also with policies varying from photographer from photographer, theoretically youd have to weigh the cost versus quality
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i dont wanna do that oof
Bill: I looked at Kirsten's storenvy, lit just 10 dollars a print nice and easy.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah but people may never buy so if its like hunter and she pay 100 bucks, that could be 100 out the window
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): omg yeah im never selling prints
Bill: ~~You'd work with me for everything more than likely in prints and I'd just take a cut, easy~~
Bill: For the numbers part.
Bill: The real reason to not sell prints is creepos having your photo on their wall!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh i dont care about that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if theyre touchin themselves to my instagram i might as well make money off it ya know
Nokri (Marisa): they could just print it off the internet anyway yeah that's the spirit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i dont wanna deal with the monetary aspect
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i dont think id pay hunter 100 for photo rights unless i REALLY liked the photo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and im not really at that point yet with his work...
Bill: is that what he charges?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye he said in BNE
Nokri (Marisa): he just mentioned it :3c
Bill: Ah I see.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ben and claire have policies of unlimited use of photo, no flat fee, no price cut
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): as long as credit is given
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like, i dont want to have to be like "well is paying to hunter 100 REALLY worth it when ben can shoot better than hunter and doesnt charge"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): feels gross, dont wanna do that
Bill: ~~lol you mean me not ben right~~
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Hmm. Good to know what those three are doing though.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im using hunter cause i know what hes charging, its just an example
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ben should frankly be charging me but whenever i offer hes like nah
Bill: Makes me feel a little better on the idea of not doing anything with it at all.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i think its cause hes lonely :c
Bill: It's been a long time since you shot with him anyway right?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hes always ready and willing to shoot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i busy tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its been like........................ 9 months?
Bill: Rei and you at Princeton iirc.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yuuuuup
Bill: And yeah you're busy.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah ben and hunter are interesting because theyre both tryna go pro
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hunter is up everyones butt
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ben is too shy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hunter treats friends like clients
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and ben is the opposite
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): makin stuff an official gig seems rough no matter how you do it lol
Bill: Now I'm curious what your assessment of me is. <:pew:543202259085950996> But in some ways pro is easier... you have a goal in mind at least.
Nokri (Marisa): someone who goes professional just has to be consistent, then society judges them based on that consistent behavior and it becomes sink or swim <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I'm thinking... since I doubt Kirsten is making any money off prints... in this small time space (I'd change my tune if it was Jessica Nigiri or someone)... the only reason money would matter to me is as a like... show of appreciation. And I only want that as some kind of physical form of saying "I'm appreciated". But, I both need to do my own thing  and trust my gut on if people are making to use me, and have confidence in my work and let people's appreciation come naturally. That the best kind.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): getting real again for a sec, i'm always here for hot takes. 

Bill, this whole conversation kind of seems like a brag about how much money you make and how you don't need to take money for your photos. 

But the conversation has been going on for like... a couple hours now and it keeps coming back to the same head "i feel like i should take money, but i make enough money at work so i don't NEED to"

you've also expressed multitudes of times to us in here that photography isnt your *job*, it's your hobby and that you don't have any interest in turning it into a job. It's just for your own fun. 

But, don't get me wrong, it's all good to come up with your own personal preferences on this topic, but you keep shutting all ideas down with the same argument of  "but i don't need the money" 

So, if that's the case, then just ask for credit on your photos like Ben does. That way you are getting exposure and the credit you deserve but also not making a job of your hobby. 

(i don't mean for this to come off as rude btw, ive gone back and tried to reword a lot of this but i'm really bad with words online....but i feel like you get the gist)
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): on that addition, i also don't think charging money equates to "appreciation" that is something you should just get from the person you shoot.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): if they're not appreciative then they're not worth shooting
Bill: What I mean by don't need money is that I feel awkward taking the money.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): then dont
Bill: But there's this lingering feeling that I should be.
Bill: That's what I'm caught on.
Bill: You know the coin flip thing?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres no right or wrong, theres only how you FEEL
Bill: Where you flip a coin and if you don't like the side you got, you choose the other one?
Bill: It's like that.
Bill: I want one thing but there's nagging feeling about the other.
Nokri (Marisa): there's always the chance this woman could become the next obama and her pictures fly off the walls they become so popular. i would say to charge as a safe fee. but if you're really *that* against taking the money then don't.

remember how earlier you got angry i wasn't charging for sewing the tails <:lenny:395307171539189760> same deal here
Bill: *oh shit Mawisa trying to zing me*
Bill: I need to ID the nagging feeling.
Bill: Maybe it's like... expectation, like I'm supposed to do the thing.
Bill: or it's the normal thing for a photographer to charge for print rights.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean i think kirsten is a nice person, i believe shes also still a student?, and i doubt she'll make that much money off ya
Bill: And I'm feeling hesitant to break the mold.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): also, not a zinger, but how often do people not in aurii/bne come to yo
Bill: They don't.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): id cut kirsten the slack then if you dont need the money
Bill: Also I'm running in circles over this cause I'm trying to setup a standard for myself going forward so I don't have to rethinking it going forwrd.
Bill: Yeah I mean... I just gotta get past the nagging feeling.
Bill: I just wish I knew what that was coming from.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you have butterflies in your tummy, _digest them_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you might feel like youre selling yourself short if thats the attitude "all the other photographers" have
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but everyone does different shit so
Bill: Oh hey I think got a hit with that one.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:pew:543202259085950996> _hit or miss_
Bill: ~~I literally said hit~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _i was quoting a meme cries_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *I guess they never miss, huh?*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thank u erik youre so valid
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): thank you 😭
Bill: If this were mystic messenger I just got a broken heart outta Georgia. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I do side work. I charge minimaly. But I don't make anywhere near as much as you (presumably) and the side money is a nice treat. Most I've charged is $70 for something that I spend 4 hrs on idk if that helps but
Bill: Mm. That's more work than hobby in your eyes right?
Bill: Just asking.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well I kinda blurred that line right off the bat
Aldus Larian (Jess): I chose something I thought was fun and made it into my career, but the side work is more fun then my main job and I do enjoy it in a way
Bill: *I also feel the need to clarify, I'm really not trying to brag about my salary here. Obviously money is good, but I'm in a good scenario and most of the people I know could use the money better than me so it makes more uncomfortable to take money from them, not to mention that I'm afraid of photography being less fun when money is involved and not being able to make friends being in a client - business relationship.*
Bill: right so you do the side work cause it's fun first and foremost?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Most yea. Working with people can be frustrating but most of the time I enjoy it
Aldus Larian (Jess): But like em I have a side job I gotta get too and I've been putting it off and I have another coming up from someone else as well
Aldus Larian (Jess): Bit it makes.me feel really accomplished when I finish 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): But I get that weather it's free or noe
Bill: yeeee. Money isn't a good measure of accomplishment.
Bill: I keep thinking it might be, but.
Bill: Gotta shake it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah it doesn't really make it more rewarding tbh? Just most of the time people offer to pay so I'm like ye
Bill: OKAY. I think the nagging feeling is I don't want to feel 'used' or like an 'amateur' because I'm not charging. Neither of those are true, in no way am I amateur anymore, and I should be able to suss out being used or under appreciated. And I can't be appreciated at all if I run from the fear of being under appreciated.
Nokri (Marisa): does rebecca charge for photoshoots?
this has me thinking of charging strangers again. mostly because y'all spend so much money on food at cons <:lenny:395307171539189760> 90% of my budget's gone to food since i started rooming with ny'all owo
Nokri (Marisa): or like, charging strangers more than i am. $10 instead of $5
Bill: She charges the same as Hunter.
Nokri (Marisa): Really???
Bill: Yeah. Recent thing too.
Bill: They both upped their rates cause of friend's pushing them.
Nokri (Marisa): i would perish charging that much
i'm dying at $10
Bill: Well. I'm waiting to see the Hazel photos but... I definitely thing you as good as Rebecca.
Nokri (Marisa): rebecca much better than me
my issue is stuff looks way different outside my photoshop
Nokri (Marisa): blurs that look good in photoshop look way obviously fake outside of it and the colors clash too much
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): honestlllllyyyy rebecca needs to really up her ante with lighting
Nokri (Marisa): it didn't use to be like that, my older stuff is better
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i havent wanted to post my todo photos cause theyre all hella dark
Aldus Larian (Jess): Unlike your photos better mawisa
Bill: before transition, <@!245270932602486784> <@!351471675843411978> <@!334090409389195266> and Mawisa thanks for helping me work through my thoughts.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah rebecca really gave me raccoon eyes... mawisa didnt ever do that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no prob <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea no orob
Nokri (Marisa): you'll get our bill in the mail
haha get it
bill
Bill: Yeah so... I've shot with Rebecca, Flora, and Marisa.... Flora definitely beat Rebecca out.
Nokri (Marisa): thats your name
Nokri (Marisa): flora is fantastic
Bill: Rebecca has a lot to learn.
Bill: Marisa I'm still waiting to see.
Nokri (Marisa): me next me neoh
i need the critique like goats need mineral
Bill: You gotta... post them first lol
Nokri (Marisa): the area we shot in was a little weak, tbh i don't think anything beats that video i posted
Bill: I think Hunter when he's on his game is in the 40 dollar bracket. He's not super consistent though so... Rebecca needs to learn some stuff first. IDK with Flora, and Marisa holding estimate...
Elfriede Faun (Tom): would you be the one printing? Just charge printing cost in that case maybe?
Bill: and tbh I'd put myself above Hunter. I think if I really tried, I could get 60 bucks for a shoot?
Bill: The way I do them now?
Bill: The trick would be getting my name out there to non friends but I'm getting pretty good.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the trick would be giving up valuable time spent derping with friends <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: *haha* you aren't wrong, I don't like conning with you now...!
Bill: She'd print them via a print on demand service. I think I'm going to say no charge, just contact me for a printable file from the set when I return.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:pew:543202259085950996> <:pew:543202259085950996> <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hunter is weird to rank cause some photos hes on fire but others hes shitting the bed
Bill: Yeah, consistency is his problem.
Bill: Rebecca needs technical prowess.
Nokri (Marisa): did you ever see the video of you eating the dust
i can't find it here but i know i posted it
Nokri (Marisa): it might've been that week you were offline
Bill: Might have been.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i saw it! yeah where was that 🤔
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wheres that photographer grading rubric again <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: The one Marisa made?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im thinking about strengths/weaknesses bUT ALSO STUDY OOF
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye
Nokri (Marisa): wot :0
Nokri (Marisa): just be sure to put your textbook under your pillow <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: what a trip.
Bill: I love it.
Nokri (Marisa): i have photo psl critque thx
Bill: amazing.
Nokri (Marisa): thx i think it's perfect
Bill: We shall see how I feel about da photo right things tomorrow. And uh. Fat!Thor/Hawkeye.
Andrew: 
Andrew: Chest armor cuz cant sleep
Bill: Yeah sleeping on it I don’t care about da print right stuff. No charge it is.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Good stuff Andy <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Who was interested in that abandoned train yard way deep in PA?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Meee
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sounds neat
Nokri (Marisa): twains?
Bill: I’m doing a think... rather than geekdom we was talking about coming to see you play Erik... that’s a good way into the trip to the train yard. It’s still close to three hours from you, but it’s a lot more manageable than nearly 6.
Bill: To see you we’d obviously crash in the area (I’d blow some chase points on a hotel, gotta use em for something), so we’d start there Saturday.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😍
Bill: Then stop over at Hershey rather than drive all the way back to you/god forbid us that day... and Sunday we could spend some time in Hershey before leaving.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~Anna though.~~

I might also need to meet up with yall on Saturday cause I volunteered to help chris with his open mic night, which unfortunately is the same day as eriks band playing
 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have tentative dnd that day
Aldus Larian (Jess): Saturday
Nokri (Marisa): *andru* <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: That sounds like a no go then. For the extended trip.
Andrew: Lol
Andrew: ive changed the algorithm
Andrew: god my room is a mess rn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Did you hear that <@!386874959009415170> this guy thinks you’re sexy LOL
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Hunter has thanked me twice in the last 24 hours.
Bill: I'm confused.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~hes not as bad as you think he is, hes just annoying~~
Bill: I said before I don't hate him!
Bill: It's just out of character.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): maybe someont told him he should be nicer
Bill: You want the pat on the back now or later?
Bill: 😏
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~man I say I want to lose the salty/snarky labels cause I'm afraid it'll turn people off from me as human being but I just so thoroughly enjoy it~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~its fun~~
Bill: ~~you don't have issues attracting people~~
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but thats prob cause i go out of my way to talk to others ....even if im snarky about it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): speaking of which im gonna be late to the concert im going to...RIP i was having too much fun talking to yall about highschool drawings xD
Bill: lol
Bill: Go go!
Nokri (Marisa): pleats are so disappointing
they turn so much fabric into so little
