Bill: Found out this is a thing.
Bill: I can sorta spiky muss my hair in a Claude like way. Which is good, cause finding out about the group yesterday made me realize there’s going to be a lot of Claude cosplayers and most are going to look better than me. 😭
Nokri (Marisa): I wanna join but I also wanna make the costume weirdly detailed so I don’t think I’ll get the supplies for it in time
Nokri (Marisa): A bit of makeup and you can be best Claude!
Bill: Def take your time then.
Nokri (Marisa): Still not entirely sure what’s going on with eddie’s uniform. Some kind of long sleeved bolero over a romper? Fire emblem is usually good for reference images though so maybe there’s an art book somewhere that explains exactly what’s going on
Nokri (Marisa): The only issue with Bernie on the other hand is the design on the back of her shirt that’s covered up by the hoodie. It seems simple but other students have a more complex design, but it’s hard to tell which it could be because each student kind of has a different design on the back of their shirt if it’s visible
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YALL I had a dream Katsucon banned people from shooting outside
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It was wild chaos
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like an angry mob
Bill: Are you planning to do Edelgard too?
Nokri (Marisa): o i thought that was part of the deal
Bill: You only have to cosplay who you like silly.
Bill: Which I expect is Bernie.
Nokri (Marisa): ~~everyone at katsu run to the gazebo~~
bernie for president
Bill: ~~already shared that meme~~
Nokri (Marisa): it's not a meme it's reality
Bill: Ah yes, when we release the waifus from area 51 Bernadetta can become president.
Bill: Aww. Mark wants me to do photography for his family. Family portraits for Christmas cards and stuff.
Nokri (Marisa): you've already done taht [slides him the schnee pictures]
Bill: No his normie family lol. Well, his normie wife. Son dabbles in nerd and Audrey is Audrey.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Have to return the wig... didn't realize it said "gray"
Andrew: I gotta start Dimitri soon
