Bill: Rebecca another dead end plan for Katsu, her friend has an airbnb 12 minutes away, I dun't feel like Scott and Travis want to do that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Tristan?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _who the fuck is travis_
Bill: Travis is Rebecca's friend, shit, yeah, Tristan.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The guy from mbmbam? Cool
Bill: I put down a JNPR statue shoot as a plan because feels, JNPR character development, and I assume Georgia can make herself gold via her homestuck talents.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i... could
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but also
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _photoshop_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): which would probably be nicer on my cosplay lol
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): use homestuck talents for homestuck ;3c
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): jess start eating a lot of shrimp and you can turn pink for mina without body paint
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but shrimp is expensive 😭
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): go to the ocean and open your mouth
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i'm gonna do emma for katsucon because promised neverland starts airing on the 11th and it's SO easy to do her
Bill: you crazy.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): but it's so easy
just wig and skirt
the skirt can be done in under an hour
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ok i finished my phone call wew
i hate dying wigs because i use the cheapest, flakiest method but i'll get a cheap wig
actually.... she has the same hair as ahiru and i've wanted to cosplay ahiru OwO
Bill: who?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): emma
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): them spikes gonna be murder
Bill: and would it be more affordable to get a good one that'll last a long time?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 🤷
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Dye with sharpie like me
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): wigs so cheap the sharpie dye doesn't stick 😎
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i use acrylic paint huehuehuehue
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OwO
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): this second nia wig is acrylic paint because i tore apart the first wig to make nowi's wig, which was dyed with fabric paint
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): oh!! i could use a haikyuu wig! what do you think?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye I think that would work!
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): that would save me about 5 hours of sitting in the bathtub with hairspray and scissors
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): and i can get it for $12
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye that's the way to go
Bill: Mawisa your mom does sewing machine repairs or just seeks da old ones?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): both!
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): she can repair pretty much any machine. that's how she gets a lot of old ones for good prices or for free. they don't work at all after sitting in a garage for decades or are super jammed to the point of not moving at all and she spends days bringing them back to life.
Bill: Could I give her phone number to my cousin? They’ve got an old machine their either going to repair or scrap and replace.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ye! i'll ask her what the best way to contact her is
Bill: Ye tank
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): She said sure, phone number is fine. 856-472-5022
Either calling or texting works but texting might be better since BoJo forgets a lot and having a physical trail of their conversation will help. Also rather than BoJo it might be better to call her Joy lol.
Bill: Is there a good time if they call her?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): just asked, waiting for a response
she's pretty much always doing something so it changes every day
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): katsucon, wholly indoors: "I'm going to match my costumes with the weather. nothing too cold."
kotoricon, much of which is outside: "i'm gonna wear no sleeves and short shorts"
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): hey what's up with the weather in new jersey
30 degrees now but 51 tomorrow
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea 😂
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): <@!184437198865563648> BoJo says after 3 today would work for phone calls
Bill: gotcha.
Bill: I'll pass that one.
デイブ: Since I don't pay attention to discord unless I see an @ , was an extra day being taken after the con?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): for katsu?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): is that why you never respond to our constant dissing and spreading rumors about you
デイブ: Correct
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea we staying sunday night and coming home monday
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): HOW WAS MAG TELL US ALL ABOUT IT
デイブ: It was fun, apparently not as many cosplays as previous years, but I can't compare
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OwO ~~guess we better go next yr and pump up those numbers~~ did u guys has da fun, did u do any events or panels?
デイブ: <@184437198865563648> I don't have a need to stay an extra day after the con, IDK how that's gonna work out with the rooms
Bill: More like how is that going to work with the carpool.
デイブ: I'd have to take my car, and pay for my own parking
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): is there a limit to how many cars can park for each room? or does that not matter at the hotel?
Bill: No parking with the gaylord.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): o? too expense?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): where's the parking plan
デイブ: It's like +$30 a day
Bill: it's just not included with the stay.
デイブ: They can charge your room
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): $23 for self parking or $45 for valet, but self parking fills up fast
Bill: valet sounds niiiice yeeee....
Bill: ~~but we're already over paying for these stupid rooooommmmssssss~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): garage parking is roughly the same cost, $22 a day
Bill: Think that's what we did last year.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): freaky
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): o wait yeah the $23 price is for hotel guests only so you'd need your name tied to a room. but 4 people can have their name on the room right? unless you put only one person as staying in the room to keep the cost low
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i used this last year: 
http://parking.nationalharbor.com/parking-garages/st-george-garage/
Bill: I usually just put my name. Gaylord does charge past two people.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ye. does that cause an issue with room keys?
Bill: Nope. If you ask Marriotts at least will give you 5 keys to a room.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>  if no one is coming with us were gonna have to drop $100 on parking 😭
Bill: you guys are doing half day work right?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea
Bill: I was only picking up Marisa. So we could do the four of us.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i was just about to say, if andru isn't going can i still hitch a ride ;u;
Bill: Yes, we'll of course give you a ride Marisa.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i help pay
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): we each pay a night
Bill: can we fit four people's gear in one car though?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i fit in trunk
デイブ: I can put some stuff in my car, just when I leave on Sunday, I can take cosplays that are not going to be worn with me, the return them Monday after work or when you guys arrive back
デイブ: Then return*
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i take up half a seat and can put stuff on top of myself
Bill: hmm, that could work...
Bill: meanwhile our room count is still a disaster...
デイブ: Sardine it up
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ^^^^
Bill: No.
Bill: 6 is the most in one room.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): what if.............................. 7
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): or how many people do we have
what if............................................................. 8
Bill: No.
Bill: if Leanna's friends weren't so annoying, damn.
Bill: That'd have been perfect.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i fear that pretty much everyone going to katsu has a room by now and no one will be looking for one unless something big happens to the rest of their group
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): that's why i was so mad that greg didn't tell you sooner
Bill: *you were mad*
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ye my ears were steaming
Bill: And yeah, but that was the case 6 months ago.
Bill: The remaining people we con with stay local.
Bill: John/Aaron/Justin/Rayna...
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): katsu's local
Bill: They don't travel as much.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): when did i buy a $9 hamburger where did i get this receipt from
Bill: It was bad timing to add Tristan and then Andrew dropping.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): *why did andru drop andru i'm gonna beat you up*
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): can't beat him up if he doesn't attend the con. smart.
Bill: > Goes down Facebook Friends list
> Two types of friend
> People who can't afford Katsu
> People who already are going to Katsu
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): thats it thats everyone in the world
Bill: Sorry guys, I don't have that many friends.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): unfriended
Bill: *Thanks*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Biru you might have to drive unless u wanna deal with our small car again then
Bill: I already was, cause You/Tom/Dave and Me/Andrew/Marisa was the original plan.
Bill: That's okay.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): who's makin the playlist
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): biru will put on one album and play it the entire trip on repeat
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): make it anime
Bill: Only country roads.
Bill: nothing else.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): that's anime. acceptible.
Bill: Car pool now... Tom/Jess/Me/Marisa, Dave, Georgia, and I dunno about Scott or Tristan but w/e.
Bill: We'll at least save on parking.
Bill: Leanna's friends should be satisfied on Leanna's recommendation and facebook stalking. Get with it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i mean leanna knows almost all of us 😦
Bill: It was just Tristan and Scott.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ah
Bill: Tristan has all of our recommendation, Scott has Georgia's...
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I don’t think she knows me ;u; we only met once super briefly at konkon
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): We never spoke
Bill: She knows you via discord.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): That makes me super shady lol
Bill: It's entirely wishcircuit and verdett that are the problem.
Bill: Leanna said multiple times she tried to push for it, but they won't have it.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Woah a ton of wish’s insta posts have Leanna in them
Bill: I get the feeling Wish only does Katsu with Leanna.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): y’all gotta teach me how to make friends ok
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont know how to make friends
Bill: Just follow Georgia around.
Bill: It works well enough.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Jess ur famous
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’ve been conning for over ten years now and people I know still don’t know me but that’s ok ;u;
Bill: ~~feel the need to get a people list for Zenkai now, since this Katsu fiasco happened~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yeah you should do that
Staff rooms are already pretty much sorted and finalized and that’s one of the last things they do
Bill: I already woke up in a foul mood and now Katsu is just building on it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cuz of rooms?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yeah I feel that
Bill: Yeah. It expensive, and I can't do anything about it.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Overwhelming societal pressure yehaw
Bill: what?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Overwhelming societal pressure yehaw
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮 about meeting everyone?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): O about everything
Bill: Oh, you've got that.
Bill: My inability to meet new people is just a fact of life I have to accept sometime between now and my death. I just don't want everyone strained on the cash, and since I'm the organizer I feel like I dropped the ball by not having a full room group.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I plugged my phone in to charge and it immediately died how ominous 
But biru you cool
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): You’re doing a good job running the room
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah these things are just unpredicable
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye you couldn’t predict people havin their own stuff that forces them to drop a room
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): My inability to meet new people is hampered by self loathing that I’m not good enough to be anyone’s friend, and the desire not to bother anyone by speaking to them
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It’s fun
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): At least you’re also very up front with the room situation and not keeping us in the dark
Bill: pot kettle love. You'll have to get over that, because we very much love you and will be bothered by you NOT speaking to us.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): “hey guys welcome to the con here’s a surprise $500 additional charge”
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): If I have something to say I’ll get on discord and ping y’all despite being in the same room <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mawisa noooo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we wuv u please talk
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): At dinner: “@ jess can u pass the salt”
Not read for 45 minutes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): prob
Bill: And thanks. I'm just... usually better at predicting problems and avoiding them.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): esspecially since my cosplays like never have pockets
Bill: *But Hal always was a problem I just had to deal with*
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): katsucon we gonna beat up Greg
Bill: when it came to room plans.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Steal his pockets and give them to jess
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he got big pockets
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mayb i can put a pocket on the inside of minas vest 🤔
Bill: Did we only have 8 people at Zenkai?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _who holds and who punches_
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): You can put pockets in boots too!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): o idk 😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wait this year?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 2018 we had 8
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): We had me, Bill, tom, Jess, Hal, Dave
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Uhhhh
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m blanking
Bill: No Dave.
Bill: Andrew John, Aaron, and myself.
Bill: Doesn't include myself for the 13th member.
Bill: Now, assuming everyone came that would be three rooms due to one person, IE, the 7 scenario.
Bill: But for Zenkai that's from 26 dollars a night to 36.
Bill: ...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Is this really everyone interested in Zenkai
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Wowee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what about mawisa?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _bill how could you 4get_
Bill: Marisa will be staying in the staff room block.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): O u right
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH RIGHT
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): We have to methodically use Morse code through the door to contact her right?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 36 dollars a night isn’t bad lmao
Bill: So... Do I just send it to everyone and if it's the 7 scenario run with it?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Marisa you can't have crippling social anxiety when the entire room is hugging you
Bill: That's what I'm feeling.
Bill: Means we'll have plenty of space to spread out.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I like that idea yeah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Zenkai should be a more chill con cause it’s not that crowded yet and we’re right there
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea zenkai is cheap
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): The only caveat is the Sunday bum rush
Bill: ~~at these prices should just see if we can extend through monday~~
Bill: Don't even stay the night, just so we can check out super late.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I will be back in school so alas I cannot Monday if y’all do that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats 2 rooms with 4 and one with 5 right?
Bill: ,... for what, forty bucks? that's actually a good idea.
Bill: Yeah Jess, something like that. Erik and Leanna are total unknowns tho.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i cant stay till monday either
Bill: I'm not saying stay till monday.
Bill: I'm saying book through monday so they don't kick us out at noon.
Bill: Then we leave when ever the hell we want.
Bill: Only need to modify one stay, actually.
Bill: Just to have one room to dump crap in.
Bill: No elevator rush for the cost of what, 20 a pop?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Eh I’d rather pack Saturday night and have a Sunday backpack
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): idk i see your point but it feels wasteful
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t cosplay intricate stuff Sunday’s anyways
Bill: Not even, if we split one dump room by 13 people.
Bill: Zenkai's elevators were hell and we all know it, but issue for another time.
Bill: Was I missing anyone on that list?
デイブ: Just to make sure, no zenkai for me
Bill: oh gotcha.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> there any group shoot stuff goin on at KotoriCon you’ve seen?
Bill: Panel do suck. <@!351471675843411978> there’s on body paint and fx makeup tho.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oo neat
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I rise
To be honest I’ve seen absolutely no meet up info. I just did some digging and found nothing.
Bill: Yeee.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): There’s very little discussion about the con on social media. I wonder if that’s due to the mega snow storms thatve happened in the past and prevented people from going
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Anything I have found is actually kind of weeb cringy hehehehehe
Bill: Oof.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It’s kind of eerie how little is being hyped this year. What happened. Are they relying wholly on their existing attendees and not bothering to spread the word? They sold out of tickets a few years back
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): They’re doing the speed dating thing twice I wanna see how awful that is
Bill: I was thinking about Mirio, but like.., little point.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yeah little point in thinking about it you should just do it
Bill: Nah. Imma take an entire years worth of photos of you to catch up.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Every single one is just a different variation of the ✌️ pose
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Mirio photoshoot when
Phase through the wall
Bill: I did one with Rebecca at ANYC.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): And the pictures haven’t been plastered all over Instagram and discord??? Why??????????
Bill: They were posted in BNE awhile back...
Bill: Few days after the con.
Bill: I posted one to insta, Jess did a few...
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The internet has betrayed me
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): O Zenkaikon masquerade signups are open now
Bill: Did NPR from CCE on the train today. (Not Renora, it’s not synced to my tablet for some reason)
Bill: Then did JNPR from Otakon.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Spruce up that sentence with some business words and you’ll sound like an intense professional discussing an obscure topic
