Nokri (Marisa): i've got ~50 pictures uploading for a pair from otakon
my computer is doing the weird blue tint thing though, can someone please look at them before I send them out and tell me if the pictures look like trash before i send them?
they're uploading now aaaa
Nokri (Marisa): just like. a glance. you don't have to scrutinize every image because the more you scrutinize the more you'll see wrong
Nokri (Marisa): i'd be forewer grateful 5ever
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah
Nokri (Marisa): bless
Nokri (Marisa): it's got
43 more to upload
Nokri (Marisa): yehaw
Nokri (Marisa): oh it's technically 50 pictures because one i just made the flowers yellow-ish
Nokri (Marisa): find! that! trash!
Nokri (Marisa): https://drive.google.com/open?id=14Lr4ZS5AEeUKPLRakqDLmHxzlrnjapGY
Aldus Larian (Jess): They look good on my phone at least
Nokri (Marisa): oki
oki that's good
graphic passion is your design i trust you
Nokri (Marisa): hhhhhh ok they've been sent
ok
nervous wreck time
Nokri (Marisa): have uhhhhhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah! They look great!
Nokri (Marisa): UHHHHH
Nokri (Marisa): uhh
Nokri (Marisa): this
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): i hope she likes them
i hope she doesn't hate them
i hope she thinks they're ok for waiting so long and paying cash money ;u;
Nokri (Marisa): u 2
i get ur pictures done
i get everyone
soon
Nokri (Marisa): let me go do an erik and a georgia for equality
Aldus Larian (Jess): Me! Das me!
Nokri (Marisa): riot
Nokri (Marisa): i really abuse that fake lighting thing
Nokri (Marisa): WAIT
Nokri (Marisa): i forgot to merge the layers haha
Nokri (Marisa): my bad
Nokri (Marisa): the top picture is over the bottom picture with 31% opacity <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): maybe i should. up it. a little.
slendergiant you're my guinea pig for a moment sorry
Nokri (Marisa): <:thinku:543194478614413318> 🤷
Nokri (Marisa): georg is takin some time i'm messing with her eye
Nokri (Marisa): nah didn't really work
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It keeps looking better
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Guinea pig me away
Nokri (Marisa): im gonna go bake some brownies
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): LEE I DON'T HAVE PICTURES OF U I'M SORRY
Nokri (Marisa): i have failed youuuuuuu
Kaio Vermino (Lee): THATS OK I LOVE SEEING MY FRIENDOS
Kaio Vermino (Lee): You're doing amazing
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Marisa, I can assume that anything you took at Sakura Sunday of me didn't come out like Kogara?
Nokri (Marisa): SAKURA SUNDAY
there weren't many, i think a couple might've been salvageable 
uuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhh where are those pictures
Bill: I'm not asking for them now, I'm just checking. You never said you were scrapping Kogara's set before yesterday so I wanted to see if that was the case with Sakura as well.
Nokri (Marisa): i think i've mentioned kogara a couple times here and how upset i was with the pictures, sakura sunday i went though and posted all the ones that worked. i forget where i put them. ray is in a box that sylvia is currently napping on ~~and 50/50 chance it's on there <:lenny:395307171539189760>~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I just pictured Ray napping with your cat
Aldus Larian (Jess): In a box
Bill: You say you're upset with all your pictures all the time. I certainly didn't read that as you were tossing the shoot. ~~I ignore your negative comments about yourself.~~ Just be clear with that in the future, especially if it happens to a non friend.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wanna draw Ray napping with Sylvia now
Nokri (Marisa): ~~time to put on my costume~~
Nokri (Marisa): i'm very strict with photos and they suck anyway. the ~50 i just posted the google drive for was the best shoot all weekend and I culled that down from 352 total pictures i took during the shoot
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oo das alot tho!
Nokri (Marisa): not to mention the slo mo video i took as insurance to screenshot in case the walking pictures came out unusable on the camera
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oo noes
Nokri (Marisa): i took about 120 of your cc while hiding behind biru but sowwy you won't see 99% of them ;u;
Aldus Larian (Jess): Das ok!
Bill: Most people scrap 90% percent of their photos taken.
Nokri (Marisa): ya i just have a higher percentage of awful <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: I'm serious about making it clear. I'm pretty disappointed neither shoot worked (particularly because I had to figure it out for myself) since I've yet to get back a shoot from you and I wanted a Marisa ™ shoot. You don't like being left hanging by photographers right? It's better to say it didn't work than hope the person forgets about it.
Bill: That said, I understand having a shoot crap out, it happens to everyone once and awhile. You don't have to publish something you don't feel comfortable publishing, I'm just being honest about how the lack of communication feels.
Nokri (Marisa): If I’m not returning a shoot, of course I’d make it distinct from the usual “this sucks.” Maybe it was one of the weeks you were off discord? You’ve come and gone a lot since then
Bill: I read the backlogs. The last thing I saw from you about it was a sample image months ago where you photoshopped a beard.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Correct. So not something that says 'oh, it didn't work out'.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm trying to find where i posted georgia and erik's pictures
Nokri (Marisa): did i send them privately? <:thinku:543194478614413318> i feel like they were here
Bill: Is it possible I'm... not wrong? And even if you sent a message to a channel I wasn't reading... If I didn't acknowledge it, maybe following up would have been a good idea?
Nokri (Marisa): I'm not saying you're wrong, I just can't remember what happened
Nokri (Marisa): It could have slipped my mind and I thought I posted it and actually didn't, in which case gomen
Nokri (Marisa): Are you decorating your new apartment with pictures?
Bill: in which case, apology accepted. 

Decorating is the last thing on my mind. I still have things to get to the apartment tomorrow.
Nokri (Marisa): O? I figured that’s why you were suddenly way interested in pictures
Bill: I've always been interested in pictures. I've wanted to see them since day one. I just wasn't going to pressure you by asking for them.
Bill: I didn't mind waiting, and I wouldn't have minded the shoot being scrapped when you tried to work with it. The reason I'm bothered is I waited when you apparently knew it wasn't going to work over a month ago. At no point in there was I not interested.
Nokri (Marisa): I believe at the time I didn't try to salvage what images I could because it would've taken like half an hour to do each picture, and Flora's images were very good so since you have her pictures that are a lot better I figured it was fine if you didn't get my atrocious ones.
Bill: I asked you for photos. It's because I wanted *your* photos. 'You had other photos' is not a good reason. Too difficult to salvage is, but just because someone else had a camera does not mean I didn't want the photos from the person I *actually asked* for a shoot.
Bill: I mean, you wouldn't throw out everything you took of Jess or Georgia just cause I did a different shoot of their cosplay. Nor would I throw out a shoot I did of you because you got another photographer's photos back.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah i would
Bill: But you don't.
Nokri (Marisa): because the pictures came out decent?
Nokri (Marisa): or in the case of otakon pictures, I haven't seen yours yet so I'm churning them out before the good stuff
Bill: Alright, that's different so it fine. Like I said, bad shoots are understandable. But 'you have other pictures so it's fine' is not.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm sorry. i've apologized, and i feel really bad about it.
why are you so hung up on it tonight?
Bill: Yeah I guess I'm coming at it from too many angles and now it's beating a dead horse. I was bothered by it at first so I wanted to be honest with you and tell you, but it slipped into trying to give you advice for working with people and those two trains of thought got snarled.
Bill: Let us speak of it no more. 🙂
Bill: (I still care about you Mawisa, I never stopped and don't think I don't.)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aw shit
Aldus Larian (Jess): Plz
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Or a lemonade based drink called "gamer girl pee" <:pew:543202259085950996>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *They slep*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The dude sent me some previews
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They’re very nice pictures but a little dark for my tastes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I asked if he could brighten them a bit and he said of course
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I took a shot at the middle one but I’ll see how he does it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Woah you look so nice. Your hair cut is 👌 👌 👌 👌
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THANK I’m glad it came out nice too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 5 inches was a heckin lot but it’s lighter and more manageable now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _just in time for that Florida heat_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~~and humidity~~*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): "I love this bamboo, This is a nice bamboo"
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That bamboo is thicc campared to ours
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It was some nice bamboo!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I love bamboo it’s so cool
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You should try throwing some in a fire pit sometime <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@301927856240459777> the Blake photo from you I posted is currently my 7th most liked photo so good job. It good photo 💜
Nokri (Marisa): It’s all you 💯 good cosplay!!!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But no one would be able to see it without photo so you get credit too! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): For previews I try to send middle of the road stuff, that aren’t the best of the images so people don’t get their hopes up too much, so hopefully they’ll see your great cosplay in the other pictures and like them too <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Nokri (Marisa): i was thinking of doing short hair zelda for next week but i forgot i threw my boots away, plus she has that mantel thing and i have too much to sew. plus some people speculate she might have new pants in the sequel? bluh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What color boots?
Nokri (Marisa): they're super specific, brown knee-length with silver trim and silver... armor? kind of lookin things on them. they're really easy to remake when i get the materials
Nokri (Marisa): these but the light brown is silver in the new trailer. oh i guess that's a difference too
Nokri (Marisa): why they gotta make these changes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh poo I would volunteer boots that I don’t need anymore but they dun match
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Big sad
Nokri (Marisa): oOOooO NO i could never 🙀 but thank you a million for the thought!!!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 5th now!
Nokri (Marisa): is that from a business profile? :0
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): No that's from an app
Nokri (Marisa): oooo
Nokri (Marisa): i see top nine is doing the top posts of 2019 now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also, creator profiles now exist on Instagram? I switched to that
Nokri (Marisa): ooo? some of these are not from 2019 <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): what's a creator profile?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like a business profile but for creators?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The only difference I've really noticed is two separate inboxes
Nokri (Marisa): ooooooOOOO
Nokri (Marisa): that sounds nice
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So your new messages fo to a "general" inbox and you can choose which ones to send to your "primary" inbox
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So basically it's a filter for annoying messages <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): do you know the name of the app from before?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): a thousand years bless and thank you
Nokri (Marisa): ohoho i don't think iphones have it <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): there was a website that showed top posts but i can't remember what it was
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think there's a similar app for iPhones. Not sure what it's called though
Nokri (Marisa): i know raphtalia is the top with like 200 likes because nothing else has come close to that
and then <:thinku:543194478614413318> remilia maybe?
Nokri (Marisa): is this..... passable? what's wrong with this picture
does it need a lens flare
Nokri (Marisa): it definitely needed a lens flare
but it still seems
very very off
El🆓de Faun (Tom): If there's anything they are just dimly lit but it looks fine as it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): You could try to isolate them and brighten them but that's a lotta work
Nokri (Marisa): Ooh yeah I suppose I could have them pop more
Ironically I isolated them and then dimmed the background
Nokri (Marisa): they were originally really dark
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): can you do a lens flare in the top left corner.... for science...?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~my inner J.J. Abrams is showing~~
Nokri (Marisa): original pic
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH i added one but it's very very subtle lemme get a big one
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh wow, those edits are really good
Nokri (Marisa): BIG
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, the picture is good, but the lighting is very dark so what you did to brighten and enhance the colors looks really good
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~I actually really like the lens flare~~
Nokri (Marisa): yeah i have no idea what i did, i just mess around with stuff and redraw some necks and eyes until it looks a little better
Nokri (Marisa): LENS FLARES FOR ALL
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Iknow everyones prob busy/ not gonna be around until cce but was wondering if theres any interest for a ren faire trip?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ~~been seeing people post about it on insta and it makes me wanna go xD~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Nokri (Marisa): I’d go!
Last time I went was on a field trip in elementary school and it was pouring and I was absolutely soaked the entire time and I was sick for days afterwards just like the real renaissance period!
Nokri (Marisa): Also i didn’t know it was so close by
Kaio Vermino (Lee): WOW IMMERSION
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We usually hit up the new York Ren faire with Jess's parents
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've only ever gone to the PA Ren Faire
Nokri (Marisa): This could be us
Kaio Vermino (Lee): IT COULD
Bill: I got invited to go to the ren faire with Sam and Ryan I think Labor Day weekend?
Bill: NY one.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Andrew: I'm down for the pa ren faire
Andrew: I'm looking to go soon amyway
Aldus Larian (Jess): PA or NY? We're going to the NY one with my parents prob either labor day weekend or the weekend after CCE but I'm not positive?
Andrew: I'm doing pa
Andrew: Not sure when yet I'm seeing who's available
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'd go to either tbh
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I just want an excuse to hang out and dress up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Where is the NY one?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Never mind I googled it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 2hr 40min
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But then I'm sure PA is about the same for you guys
Aldus Larian (Jess): 2hr 40 mins exactly 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Then we all have to drive! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oof traits 2hr 45 for me xD ... well I mean either wayy.... still wanna go to at least one of them
Bill: 7th was the date.
Bill: Saturday.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea the NY one runs till oct 6
Kaio Vermino (Lee): SINCE IT SENT ON THE WRONG CHANNEL.....??????
Bill: I’ll  ask Ryan and Sam if they don’t mind then. (I wanna be polite since I’ve only recently been hanging out with them and it was their idea)
