Bill: Flora asked for a shoot at Zenkai and I'm like... I don't know Star Ocean, but Flora is a nice person...
Bill: What do people wear for V's pants? I thought black jeans, but that's not quite right.
Aldus Larian (Jess): which outfit?
Bill: main story.
Aldus Larian (Jess): grey with dark wash jeans
Bill: oh look I found the another story jacket.
Bill: https://www.macys.com/shop/product/calvin-klein-mens-3-4-length-top-coat-created-for-macys?ID=7980340&CategoryID=3763&slotId=3&swatchSize=2XL&swatchColor=Haze#fn=searchPass%3DmatchNone%26sp%3D1%26spc%3D1200 For 185 dollars.
Aldus Larian (Jess): well he is rich af
Bill: true but like.
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): vs is even longeer than that
N🆗ri (Marisa): Extend
Bill: ordered V stuff. If it fits, I'll hunt down wig.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I need a new seven wig
Bill: Should be possible at Zenkai, since Hazel/Barry are lost in china I'm not actually. Planning for those.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wanna do seven again soon but I did him last zenkai
Bill: what you feel like.
Aldus Larian (Jess): although it might be a good idea cuz i dont freeze as him and thats nice
Bill: if you'll have fun as seven, be seven.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have fun as all MM characters XD but seven is def alot of fun. unknown is fun too but i dont like the way i look as him
N🆗ri (Marisa): when did you cosplay unknown?
Aldus Larian (Jess): anext
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~my arms are too fat tho~~
Bill: Marisa be like 👀
N🆗ri (Marisa): fat arms are impossible
Bill: If you're uncomfortable it won't be as fun, true.
Aldus Larian (Jess): id do him if someone asked me but i look better as seven, v, or mc
Bill: Tom ever worn Seven?
N🆗ri (Marisa): can we do an all MC photoshoot
Bill: yes, but also what's that.
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah
Bill: I wonder if he'd look. Like Unknown still.
Bill: Cause twins.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i mean hed look great but he mentioned not being interested in being seven once~~
Bill: He would be Unknown is kinda Tom now.
Bill: I like edgy Tom.
Aldus Larian (Jess): he should do both and then photoshop pics together so it looks like literal twins
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~or i pay mikey to be seven since him and tom would would probably look pretty simular with wigs and shit~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): that would never happen but i can dream
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _Every man has his price_
Aldus Larian (Jess): i want tom and mikey to do adam and eve and seven and saeran so bad XD
N🆗ri (Marisa): i need to work on my cosplay makeup and not having such huge eye bags
but under the eye is already where i put a ton of makeup
does anyone have tips
N🆗ri (Marisa): is it too much makeup <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): so for under eye bags i use orange concealer
N🆗ri (Marisa): ornge? :0
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea hold on i show
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): that sure is orange :0
Aldus Larian (Jess): i use the pen one alot but ive recently started using the orange base
N🆗ri (Marisa): and then you put skin-tone over it?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
N🆗ri (Marisa): layers like onion
N🆗ri (Marisa): i have heard of some people using green
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): can i just paint my whole face purple like lotor before putting on the rest of my makeup
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmapo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oh
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH like that nice makeup foundation can't wait to see the completed look
Elfriede Faun (Tom): its that mirror person from dragon prince
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oh wow that really fit into the converstaion
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i wasnt even reading lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao yea
N🆗ri (Marisa): perfect timing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I use green to hide my rosacea!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea green will cancel red. orange cancels the purply-ness of dark circles
N🆗ri (Marisa): O my sister has that!
So the green and orange or whatever shade can go anywhere?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Just dump paint over myself
Aldus Larian (Jess): basically you just use whatever color is the opposite of what you are trying to hide like green and red are opposites
N🆗ri (Marisa): omg this is it then if we dump every color on someone they can be invisible and do a hagakure cosplay
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres alot of guides and stuff online
N🆗ri (Marisa): like a video game walkthrough cool
N🆗ri (Marisa): thank
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): technical photo-y question
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so i know the background blurs as the result of focal length (distance to the object/person of interest)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but is it a setting to like, turn that on and off?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): cause i notice some photos dont and some do have them
Bill: There are three factors that cause that, focal length being one of them. Though, you described focal length as the distance between subject and camera, that's Focal Distance, not length. Length determines, from the same spot, how much the camera can see. That what zooming is, changing the focal length to be smaller, but further away.
Bill: People have less control over distance, and focal length than they do aperture. Low aperture lenses can blur at any distance/zoom width, which is why low aperture lenses are more expensive.
Bill: I could estimate based on photos in question, but it'll boil to one of those factors.
Bill: Also every lens is unique, some are better for blur/bokeh, some aren't.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so the three factors are distance, focal length, and aperture
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which one is most likely to be the influence?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like hunters photos ALWAYS seem to have photo blur
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): rebeccas never really do
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and yours seem sorta 50/50 on whether they do or dont
Bill: ~~photoshop~~
Bill: I'd have to look a photo to see, but. With Hunter it probably photoshop.
Bill: I still need to see a gallery of Rebecca's new stuff (anyone want to drop a link?).
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): uhhh she uses dropbox and rotates out to save storage
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so i dont have a link to pyrrha anymore since i saved them
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://www.dropbox.com/sh/frqsq1s27oxtnaq/AABNnh6V8l5HaYWH39Z2R-6Ra?dl=0
Aldus Larian (Jess): welp
Aldus Larian (Jess): huh guess imma have to ask for that again
N🆗ri (Marisa): can show example of what it looks like before and after photoshop blur if you want
Bill: Mine are 50/50 because if I have it it's a natural effect. I was either able to add distance between us (It's why I use the 50mm lens over my zoom, keeps me distant), I'm focusing on an up close shot (bust up will blur more than full body), or I opened up aperture. 

The latter I don't do too often, because if you open it up too far you'll only have like, your nose in focus. At cons I tend to feel rushed and prefer to keep the aperture wide enough I don't have to worry about only getting half of you in the frame. Pyrrha solos I started to stop down in the second part of the hour. Had time to experiment. I also don't stop down with multiple people, cause one person will be out of focus.
Bill: Why the fuck do neither have them have *galleries*.
Bill: God.
N🆗ri (Marisa): rebecca has her instagram
Bill: ~~Hunter has the stupid channel~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh but nothing really gets posted in there does it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have Rebecca’s saved to my phone
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They were v dark I tried to brighten one and do a little blur
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): nice edit
Bill: Side note, I don't think I've seen you in partial Pyrrha without the sash and I still don't get how those are shorts.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thank! it was all trial and error lmaooo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the black?
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): they're short because they short pants that's why they call them shorts isn't it neat
Bill: This is what happens in group photos when the aperture is too low.
Bill: Hal is blurry as fuck, while you're in focus.
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's just a description of their personalities
Bill: That was shot at 35mm (which is on the wider side, I used to use that lens alot for cons) and f 2.8. I should have that more like 7.1 (which is like, 9 steps) to get both people.
Bill: lol amateur.
Bill: based on looking at that image (which is always the first that comes to mind when depth of field comes up), this is shopped by Hunter.
Bill: The brick isn't blurry behind her, it's not a whole area that's out of focus, it's *only* her. Also the blur quality is different.
N🆗ri (Marisa): o ye big time, the blur isn't gradient
Bill: pfft. Thank you for using the word that describes what my two sentences do lol
Bill: Natural blur is a gradient.
Bill: if you start from the camera, and extend infinitely, the curve peaks at focal point (subject's eye, usually) and goes on forever. The size of the arc is determined by those 3 factors.
Bill: Low aperture, like f 2.8? it's a steep hump.
Bill: High aperture, the curve is far more gradual.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so he likely just shops more
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which i kinda suspected
Bill: He definitely shops yeah.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so without shop he would prob be more 50/50 too
Bill: maybe. Or more 80/20 in one direction. That's where Rebecca is at. She doesn't know how to use the lens's natural characteristics to create the blur effect yet. So everything is always in focus cause she isn't exercising control over that part of the process.
Bill: Which someone people, the majority I'd say, consider to be better because you can fix it in photoshop later. Less effort in the shoot, more shop time later. Most pros I've spoke to (Ron, the people at the camera club) are in that camp. hashtag digital.
Bill: Alternatively, you could have everything on the blurry side because you make your aperture too low by defauly.
Bill: tbh I'd say hunter would be lean to one side or the other.
Bill: But he doesn't have to care, cause photoshop.
N🆗ri (Marisa): photoshop! photoshop! photoshop!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i kinda like rebeccas photo style, i wasnt sure if i would
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): id like to see her grow as a photographer with more skills and tech
Bill: Rebecca lacks technical knowledge, she has the creative talent.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): obviously i knew id already like shooting with you two, bill and marisa 😎 👌
Bill: ~~considering it's how we met?~~
Bill: or did you mean at Katsu specifically? 😛
N🆗ri (Marisa): just shopped a bra strap out of someone's photo. imagine the shock and horror on everyone's face if they found out people wear bras
Bill: Her photos are dark cause I don't think she knows what ISO, aperture, things like that really do. It's not something her old camera did well and she's not the kind of person to care about numbers, imo. She doesn't have a post process as far as I know either. DSLRs naturally lean to darker images cause you can recover more data from a dark pixel than a blown out white one.
N🆗ri (Marisa): she does something in post process because she said she was working on photos at katsu
Bill: ooooh right. Minor stuff. Blurring wig caps, stuff like that.
Bill: Lets say she does touch ups but not processing.
Bill: http://www.dpreview.com/news/8077956674/dpth-app-applies-simulated-bokeh-effect-to-any-image relevant.
Bill: http://www.thelittlethingswemiss.us/gallery/2019/03/03/bakarina-katsu19.html <@!301927856240459777> you a great baka.
Bill: <@!334090409389195266>
Bill: Not doing a gallery for one image so save here.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): AYYYYYYY
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): THANK
Bill: Lissy was shooting the one time I saw her. Wonder how that went.
N🆗ri (Marisa): !!!!
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): Thank!!!! The balcony lighting looks so good you can’t even tell it’s like 3am
Bill: It DOES. I love the way your wig looks in it.
Bill: Well do another one when you revamp. With SUNLIGHT. GOT THAT.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Bill you should use a linktree for easier access to Tellonym
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Unless you only want your website URL
Bill: Social media is on my website but.
Bill: The tellonym’s not going to get anything, outside of anyone here for pity.
Bill: I am thinking of making a bigger section on the homepage showing social media though. That’d help, and I can still use my site as primary.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess yeah
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk I feel like making the Tellonym on a linktree makes it more accessible and then more likely people will respond
Bill: Did the thing anyway.
Bill: I’d like the traffic on my site but if I’m being realistic no one clicks on my site via insta.
N🆗ri (Marisa): oof my jacket connector thing fell off in my favorite picture from the bakarina set am i allowed to shop it and fix it
Bill: Sure.
N🆗ri (Marisa): thank
N🆗ri (Marisa): this bit for reference
N🆗ri (Marisa): here i go
N🆗ri (Marisa): lol my computer froze
N🆗ri (Marisa): it couldn't possibly because i have 30 photoshop files open right
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'll finish everything else and then get back to it <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: Still have no idea what I’m telling Flora so I said I’d get back to her. Like, I like Flora but I don’t. Care about star ocean.
N🆗ri (Marisa): katsucon schedule didn't work out too well so you're not sure what you'll be doing for zenkai yet and might just be playing it by ear at the con?
N🆗ri (Marisa): i feel bad i promised to enter hall with her but i can't enter
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Why don’t you just do a short shoot then? 30 mins?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You speak really highly of her so I figured you wanna do a smol something
N🆗ri (Marisa): flora is the best and if anyone ever hurts her i will impale them
Bill: She’s nice, I like her just. Wanna shoot things I like.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> you know when hall judging is? She said 11-1.
N🆗ri (Marisa): friday is like 6 to 9, saturday is yeah 11 to 1 or 10 to 1 or something
Bill: Rip Saturday morning would have worked for me.
N🆗ri (Marisa): ?
N🆗ri (Marisa): before 10?
Bill: Oof.
N🆗ri (Marisa): *are you gonna enter hall cosplay do it do it*
Bill: She is not me.
N🆗ri (Marisa): is she not available saturday morning
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh i meant to work on the quest 8 hours ago. maybe i can do that while waiting for this meeting to start. i was considering some changes to how it's done but idk
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I might enter
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): If I end up wearing penny
N🆗ri (Marisa): **do it**
