Afina Tyndall (Georgia): IM A MILLION YEARS LATE but I like that Pyrrha pic bill
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I just can’t figure how to slightly edit so my cleavage is less OUT
Bill: I’ll do the photo meetup with you. Unrelated to ^.
Bill: I can go to the grad party later, it’s when the friends are coming as opposed to family.
Nokri (Marisa): how bad is pyrrha pic?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If the corset came a LITTLE higher that would be nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~and if I could hide that yellow foam you can see from my knee piece~~
Nokri (Marisa): I can edit that
When I get back to my computer if you want
Nokri (Marisa): Both parts
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Zen wig stuff ordered/backordered
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I did a really quick edit of the pyrrha photo but Marisa is prob better at it than me xD
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Nokri (Marisa): O there it is!!
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Also I finally fixed this lmao
Nokri (Marisa): TRANSPARENT
Nokri (Marisa): hope this helps
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAS
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): PERFECT
Kaio Vermino (Lee): OMG LMAOOOOOOO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!184437198865563648> you wanted to come to the meet up tomorrow?
Bill: I'm going to do the meetup then go to my friend's graduation party yes.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok they made an insta group chat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): for like the host to do announcements
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): did you wanna be added
Aldus Larian (Jess): Getting home from any con ever
Nokri (Marisa): tfw still haven’t unpacked from anext
Aldus Larian (Jess): moo
Bill: yeah.
Andrew: Mood
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!184437198865563648> they managed to snag the party room at the arcade for earlier in the day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I think it’s 15 per person but that includes a private room so I think that’s worth
Bill: Cost doesn't bug me. I just saw a camera club on facebook cancel a photo walk due to the heat tomorrow, staying inside makes sense.
Nokri (Marisa): does anyone think they're gonna stay for closing ceremonies and whatnot at ota
someone booked me for 2 on sunday and i was considering leaving around that time, but i dunno. maybe i'll stay and see what they announce. if anyone else is staying i'll stay later but if everyone is leaving i'll probably go run off.
Bill: Probably will be leaving around 2~3?
Nokri (Marisa): aa so that's a no from u since closing ceremonies is at 3
anyone else?
Nokri (Marisa): there's also a totoro stone painting workshop right as the con ends 👀
Nokri (Marisa): but. i can just paint a stone at home.
Nokri (Marisa): i'll probably leave after 2:30-3 and go to a museum. or the theater where lincoln died does tours and that's nearby maybe
Nokri (Marisa): rip off the chise wig but keep everything else on <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'll prob leave around 2-3? Cuz 5-6 hours home and work next day
Nokri (Marisa): petition for no work
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wish but I'm already taking 2 days for.ota
Nokri (Marisa): <@!386874959009415170> hypothetically speaking, if a hypothetical person were to hypothetically bring hypothetical cat ears to a hypothetical Otakon for your Blake cosplay (hypothetically, of course), how big would you want those ears and would you want them all black or purple in front
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hypothetically speaking, what sizes can I hypotherically choose from?
Nokri (Marisa): hypothetically, anything that'll fit on a hypothetical wig. i'd say maybe 2.5-3 inches tall works for blake maybe hypothetically
