Nokri (Marisa): orly? they look filtered in that picture but i can't tell if they're prettier than other people
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah they are def filtered
Aldus Larian (Jess): They *are* both good looking but yea there's.also filters here
Nokri (Marisa): yeah im looking at their other images and they're super filtered. they probably look nice irl but the filter usage is obvious
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ye, they always use filters
Kaio Vermino (Lee): but they cute in person too
Nokri (Marisa): YONA
Nokri (Marisa): gwtw has so many good outfits
Nokri (Marisa): this one cracks me up every time
Nokri (Marisa): katsu is by far the only con to do such a cosplay at because of how pretentious it is but that's exactly why i won't do it rip
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna make something like this
Aldus Larian (Jess): Y tho
Nokri (Marisa): give other people horror stories to tell
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Plz no
Nokri (Marisa): let me live my dream
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Nokri (Marisa): this could be us
Nokri (Marisa): ok i'm unfollowing notsopro, i'm tired of seeing nude pictures on instagram
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who even is that
Nokri (Marisa): the photographer who took fetish pics of my feet at zenkai
Nokri (Marisa): he's more friendly with flora but i've done a few shots with him over the years before that
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH there you are an konkon!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Took me forever to find u
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Weird that they just dump their photos and use like 2 tags
Nokri (Marisa): *did you scroll through all the lewds*
Nokri (Marisa): yeah it was really hard to use insta during the con because every time i opened it there was a naked girl
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I did lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's something sketchy about that account
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): most of their posts get less than 10 likes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the highest I saw was 37...
Nokri (Marisa): maybe it automatically posts in a bulk upload? he usually tags people in the image a few hours after it's posted.
Nokri (Marisa): he also doesn't really use tags
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is what's odd about it. usually photogs want their work to be seen
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea that is weird  🤔
Nokri (Marisa): he doesn't do paid shoots he just takes pictures of whatever he fancies at the con
Nokri (Marisa): i guess he's moved onto different things now tho
Nokri (Marisa): 37's a pretty good number of likes but most of his posts get around 2-3 likes because of how he uploads them
Bill: I can’t wait for some adult I have on Facebook to ask me who Mag is with a winkyface or the like
Bill: Cause it’s going to happen.
Bill: ~~I have no idea why the two of them requested that ship but it as a introvert I’m like 👀 does not compute~~
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ive never seen that ship before lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz mag and anna were prob drunk and just wanted to be silly
Bill: Mag was, Anna wasn’t and she apparently requested it. I know there’s no ulterior motive but damn if it isn’t habit to look for one
Aldus Larian (Jess): its just peeps bein pals fam
Bill: I know that but like I said, habits
Kaio Vermino (Lee): "ooo whos this ;3"
"thats my lesbian."
Bill: ^ yup
Bill: That’ll be FUN
Aldus Larian (Jess): "whos that girl?"
"well... shes a lesbian... so"
Nokri (Marisa): tell the adult who comments that they're being weird
Nokri (Marisa): over the weekend i got 4 messages asking me how i made spinel and one message asking how i made katarina <:woah:543194447345876998>
hhhhow do i respond. spinel was just slapped together, do i write out a step by step tutorial?
Nokri (Marisa): "cut ur wig and glue it to some cardboard, make ur pants and that's it" ?????
Bill: I def like hanging around Mag tho. I appreciate a little chaos. *Awkward timing to state that, I know she lesbean, saying she good lesbean*
Nokri (Marisa): as opposed to those evil ones who live in towers and cast spells on people
Bill: Yeah I hate those.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm glad this is the only photographic evidence that Hal was at CCE
El🆓de Faun (Tom): lmao what
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lol WHAT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s almost as good as
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Nokri (Marisa): ooo who was that jordan person he was with on sunday? was that sunday. i think it was sunday.
every encounter with him was really awkward
Bill: Jordan is a long time friend of his. Aquacosplay. Sweet girl.
Nokri (Marisa): ooo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): she crochets (or knits?) a lot of her cosplay things! she's a sweet bean
Nokri (Marisa): is she the person who crochets their entire costumes??? like, boots and capes and shirts and pants and all?
Nokri (Marisa): they're a legend
Aldus Larian (Jess): Jordan is nice! yea we saw them on sunday. she had the parfait it looked tasty
Aldus Larian (Jess): she was not as awkward to talk to as him lol
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH THE PARFAIT
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I know there's someone else who crochets all of their cosplays that isn't Jordan, but Jordan does some of her pieces crocheted
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lol why was he so awkward
Bill: https://njspots.com/2019/09/16/2019-new-jersey-fall-fairs-and-festivals/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf#north-jersey
Nokri (Marisa): Y’all spent so much money on alcohol <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> I thought $25 on desserts was too much
Nokri (Marisa): Is alcohol always that expensive
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm at tourist things, yea?
but like i can get a whole 6 pack of things i was drinking at the hot tub bars for like $11
but yes alcohol is more expensive than your average beverage
Nokri (Marisa): so much free pool water that could’ve been drank instead
Nokri (Marisa): Imagine how many people could be made with that pool water. Enough for a small army
Aldus Larian (Jess): you can make people? out of water?
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah!! People are an average of 65% water!
Aldus Larian (Jess): but but... you cant MAKE people out of water
Nokri (Marisa): We can find substitutes for the other ingredients probably
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): people are usually made out of water rather than in it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): :lenny;
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah thats ok i have the ability to amke people
Nokri (Marisa): Paper skin and glass bones
Nokri (Marisa): Every day their heart attacks can put them to sleep
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): after they break their legs and arms every morning and night
Nokri (Marisa): This army is gonna be FANTASTIC
Aldus Larian (Jess): why do we need an army?
Nokri (Marisa): To defend our land and ward off invaders
Nokri (Marisa): also as a feat of strength to show off
Nokri (Marisa): I really like the dress Christina made for her kaine
