Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Hey <@184437198865563648>  how long are your sideburns? I'm working on mirio
Bill: at their longest probably only a little over an inch.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Excellent thank you!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): **WHIPS OUT RULER**
Andrew: lol
Andrew: that reminds me i have 2 wigs i have to try and style
Andrew: keyword try
Nokri (Marisa): you can do it ⭐ i worked on raphtalia's wig today
every time i look at it, it can be improved so i've decided to undergo it bit by bit <:rip:369476083248267274>
Nokri (Marisa): the more i horribly burn myself the more heat resistant i become right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Andrew: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mawisa plz
Andrew: thats not reality unfortunately
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): The bun at the top is making me laugh
Bill: Samurai Mirio!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Cindy lou wait-wait that's better
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I actually got pretty far on the wig today xD a lot left to do but I cut it all to the correct length and pinned the sides wheres they will end up being once I use product. And sectioned off his top spike poof thing
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): A couple hours ago it looked like android 18
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): So that's pretty good <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Andrew: awesome
Aldus Larian (Jess): I just spent like 25 mins looking at pics of <@351785752197201920>  in cosplay someone help me
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WUT
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): I have to wait for this ridiculous chest plate to cool before I can move
I think this is as smooth as I can get the plastic 😭 im gonna douse it in wood glue after trimming some parts in hopes that the glue makes it smoother
Nokri (Marisa): I’m anime now
Andrew: kawaii
Nokri (Marisa): Thanks I woke up like this
Nokri (Marisa): New light novel title idea:
I went to sleep and when I woke up I was a selfie filter in another world!?
Andrew: you could write it
Nokri (Marisa): Still a work in progress the title is nowhere near long enough
Andrew: i cant get the spikes on my wig to stand up
Nokri (Marisa): How spiky are you making it? His hair isn’t super Saiyan levels
Andrew: just a little flick upwards for some of his spikes
Andrew: like on the top
Andrew: but they all just hang down
Andrew: gravity and whatnot
Andrew: i need to trima  bit i think
Nokri (Marisa): Have you tried blow drying it upside down?
Nokri (Marisa): Leanna’s famous Bakugo method
Andrew: no  didnt try that
Nokri (Marisa): If anyone has recommendations for my armor up there I would be forever grateful ;u; if not I’ll just go with that plan and hope it doesn’t fail horribly
Andrew: unfortunately i havent used plastic
Aldus Larian (Jess): That look gud mawisa
Nokri (Marisa): Is bumpy like tortoise shell
Gotta get it smooth like a turtle shell
Aldus Larian (Jess): It gud
Nokri (Marisa): Garbagé
Andrew: 
Andrew: all i ahve so far
Nokri (Marisa): Wog
Andrew: it looks bad
Nokri (Marisa): Naw
Did you trim the bangs?
Andrew: no
Andrew: havent done much other than shape a few bangs
Nokri (Marisa): You should trim it before continuing to style, will make it easier
Andrew: how do i know where to trim
Nokri (Marisa): If you cut it after styling it might lose the styling
Nokri (Marisa): I just put mine on and cut it in the mirror
Nokri (Marisa): Use a reference photo
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@!386874959009415170> 
me biru, tom and kurto are coming tonight just to let u know we figured that out 👌
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *yeet*
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Richard cosplayed Kazu!
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG YAAS
Bill: It’s so good!
Bill: And not Cammie!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yessss
Elfriede Faun (Tom): on don't think I watched the rest 🤔
Bill: Time to justify the purchase of the waterproof bag I bought on sale thinking I'd some how need it for CCE. I need something smaller than my duffel for a one night trip and that's the best option I have lol.
Nokri (Marisa): Chalk is such a blessing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh heads up, apparently there is a $3 cover for the show
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sorry, I didn't realize that
Bill: OH *woooowwwww* totall dealbreaker.
Bill: 😉
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _contact cement bottle acquired_
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thought u were dying your hair XD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lol nope just a better way to use contact cement than to use the can and a stick every time
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEP
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh watch out, it'll collapse in on itself initially
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Or it did for me as it outgassed
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It was wack
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> you find out your contest time tomorrow for Next?
Nokri (Marisa): The application opens tomorrow, I’m not sure when I’ll know the time. Probably in a few days?
Bill: Do you have a vague idea of when it'll be? Saturday between 4-8 or something like that?
Glonk: Forbidden mustard
Nokri (Marisa): Saturday between 4-8 is likely the masquerade. Judging could be any time before that from like 9 o clock onwards.
Nokri (Marisa): Last time I think my time was around 10;30?
Nokri (Marisa): I’m gonna aim for like. 11 or 12 if I can pick the time because I’m gonna be freaking out and struggling with this costume.
Bill: So Raph in the morning?
Bill: Trying to figure out for shooting you and Andrew.
Nokri (Marisa): Most of the day because y’all keep yelling at me to wear costumes more, and because I don’t feel like changing back into her for the masquerade
Bill: You LISTEN to all that?
Bill: I'm legitimately touched.
Nokri (Marisa): Is why I’m not doing corn
Andrew: Rip Corn
Bill: Masq starts at 4?
Nokri (Marisa): I dunno. Usually it does I think? they’ve been getting earlier
Bill: Cause there are group shoots 12-4 I'mma be at, Andrew at most of...
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo. That’s the prime time I’d be able to do it oops
Andrew: Dare i ask to have any confidence in my abilities, but is there a contest for beginners? I was hoping there was one i could put naofumi in
Bill: You guys are the only ones to do actually talk about doing shoots at Next so I wanna get you priority. 💪
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
I’m entering the novice division you can sign up for that!!
Andrew: whaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Andrew: t
Andrew: noviceeee
Nokri (Marisa): yeah I’m so bad I’ve never won anything
Andrew: I dont expect to win but i want to put in because this costumes is all handmade
Andrew: Ill prob be in it all sat until Fe
Andrew: then Ryoma
Bill: so basically we'd need to do it in the morning.
Andrew: oh wait
Andrew: if i do large MHA then tthere will eb a brief break
Bill: All might lol
Andrew: If
Andrew: Morning is preferred
Andrew: or Friday
Bill: Judging doesn't take a long time right Mawisa? like 15 minutes tops?
Nokri (Marisa): Applications open sometime tomorrow so I’m gonna check every 15 minute starting at midnight until they open. I can ping you if you want
Nokri (Marisa): You have to have made at least 70% of the costume yourself though
Nokri (Marisa): Oh rip the internet is gone
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah judging doesn’t take long, most of it is sitting and waiting
Bill: So if I had like, 10-12 free, at somepoint during that period, even if your judging is in there, we'd be fine to shoot?
Andrew: My costume is 70%
Andrew: at least
Andrew: im thinkinng about it
Nokri (Marisa): I’m at the fabric store and there’s very spotty internet but if you have questions then ping me and I’ll answer when I can
Andrew: Will do
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _need. to get. shit together. for anext._
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i feel completely unmotivated to make a line up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh the spidergwen suit i wanted is now 30 dollars cheaper but the shipping is way late
Andrew: Ive been there many a  time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OH thats if i wanna include the mask
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which i dont
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): kewl
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mmmm nope still not motivated
Bill: OH.
Bill: I could probably shoot Erik playing.
Bill: This is way too small to have venue rules on photography equipment.
Nokri (Marisa): That picture might’ve posted three times idk yolo but I wanna share how cool the app is
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You probably could
Bill: What app?
Andrew: <@!184437198865563648>
Bill: Who... that?
Andrew: no
Andrew: clue
Bill: <@!350847001937707022> who dat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _ill pour one out for y’all today_
Atalantia Enneka (Allison): No clue either
Bill: Weiiiiird
