Nokri (Marisa): does this look ~artsy~? or just stupid because otherwise there's a huge sign in the background and idk how to cover it up
Bill: Hella artsy.
Nokri (Marisa): o bless <:pwease:555585508819075112> because i had absolutely no idea what to do to get rid of the sign and i was just gonna keep blurring stuff until it was artsy enough
Bill: Is that the sign.
Nokri (Marisa): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yo thats hella neeto
Nokri (Marisa): yeah it's cool they have a badge pick-up for staff that isn't the same reg line as attendees
Bill: According to a thing I found, peak foilage is october 12th and october 19th weeks.
Bill: So sounds like a great time to plan some shooting.
Bill: the 12th in particular.
Bill: (is the saturday of that weekend, 12th and 13th being the weekend)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~is it too late to do the sunflower garden again?~~
Bill: that should be in the next few weeks.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: 
Bill: Particularly, this Sunday.
Bill: I'd do it if you're game.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof I'm busy Sunday :c
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's a really short period to be open, but then again I guess flowers don't last much longer than that lol
Bill: correct. I'm going to renn faire saturday so no go then. Sorry mate.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I went to the Halloween store and they had these and they're like pretty much perfect for Drizzt
Bill: They’re nice!!
Andrew: Halloween stores up
Andrew: nicew
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE
Bill: <@!386874959009415170> when'd you make your spa appointment on sunday?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 1pm
Bill: I'm doing the hot stone one whew
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): nicu
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm doing deep tissue <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I will be sure to bring bathing suit so I can actually enjoy hot tub afterwords
Bill: I thought about that one too, but figured this way we've done three of the five they offer. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Are we still doing one night of the late night swim?
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's prob what we'll do
Aldus Larian (Jess): Time off approved for CCE <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: I'm on board with that idea, just wondering which night to do.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd suggest Friday night while we still have energy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Friday is less busy
Nokri (Marisa): How are there 18+ events at 1pm and then all ages events at 1am that’s ridiculous
Bill: Because 18+ are more interesting.
Nokri (Marisa): would we ever wear swimsuit mystic mess again in the future after cce?
Aldus Larian (Jess): everyday
Aldus Larian (Jess): but yea maybe!
Nokri (Marisa): i know it's not that expensive, but i'm just worried about wasting money for an outfit i'll only wear once 😱 because jaehee can only really be worn in groups
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea good point. we could prob wear them again next year tho?
Nokri (Marisa): ~~is there even gonna be a cce next year with the drama going on~~ hehe
Nokri (Marisa): i promise i'm not trying to back out of the group, i'm just trying to convince myself it's ok to do
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Could you use a different swimsuit with jaehee? One you already have?
Nokri (Marisa): not really, she has a super specific canon swimsuit and i don't have anything like it
Aldus Larian (Jess): you can borrow my kinda sorta blue one i showed you but is not v. accurate D:
Nokri (Marisa): nooooo!!! is ok, because it doesn't have the yellow stripes and if i buy one i can add the stripes
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye i think if you do shose to get it it will look v cute on u!
Nokri (Marisa): ~~no u~~
Nokri (Marisa): maybe i can repurpose it for a squirtle cosplay
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Even if you make it, couldn't you just use it as a normal swimsuit?
Nokri (Marisa): what's swimming
Nokri (Marisa): when i actually go swimming i wear a swim t-shirt and shorts and all it's basically nothing short of a full diving outfit because i'm too embarassed to wear any less
Nokri (Marisa): aside from beach day this year i don't think i've been swimming since... at least high school? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Shower outfit!
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~but u so cute tho~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh mawisa jaehees suit has barker blue stripes not gold D:
Nokri (Marisa): whaaaaaa!?
Nokri (Marisa): YOU RIGHT
Nokri (Marisa): WH
HOW
Nokri (Marisa): IT HAS BOTH
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAA?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH SHIT
Aldus Larian (Jess): jaehee what the heckie
Nokri (Marisa): *jaehee why*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh yellow elastic bits
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Or trim or whatever
Nokri (Marisa): would dark blue cotton look weird when it gets wet in the water over the bathing suit fabric <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): probably not?
Nokri (Marisa): it might dry weirdly though hmmmmmm
Nokri (Marisa): like, weird patches of wet and not wet
Aldus Larian (Jess): i used like vinyl/pleather for toms
Aldus Larian (Jess): but then again thats a boys suit so it doesnt need to stetch
Nokri (Marisa): we only have black vinyl, and since sam's is closing soon his selection of fabric is really dwindling so i wouldn't be able to get vinyl/pleather
Nokri (Marisa): hhhhhhhhwhat to doo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Fabric paint?
Nokri (Marisa): that's still like another $7 or so though
Aldus Larian (Jess): teleport yourself here
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have this stuff you add to regular craft paint that makes it fabric paint
Aldus Larian (Jess): acrylic medium yea that
Nokri (Marisa): it's not the canon swimsuit but what if i just used the one i'm going to use for ruby? would that work? I don't think people will really know who i am anyway, and it'll save money since this costume can only be worn at swimsuit cosplay events in a group?
Nokri (Marisa): i know that's a really sucky cop-out though ahhh
Nokri (Marisa): let me look through what i have and see if there's anything else
Aldus Larian (Jess): what rwbys? black?
Nokri (Marisa): red and white gingham
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo thats cute
Nokri (Marisa): No u
Aldus Larian (Jess): nuuuu
Nokri (Marisa): I figured this is kiiiind of ruby ish if I add a cape? Maybe a belt?
Could it work for some kind of AU Jaehee?
Nokri (Marisa): Or that black swim dress I have
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): dat cute
Nokri (Marisa): No u
Aldus Larian (Jess): def good for ruby! 
im not sure what jaehees aesthetic is? since in the game she just wears suits and then comfy clothes
Nokri (Marisa): Jaehee is like, almost Mori girl ish? Big sweaters and cafe-kind of outfits
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): jaehee and MC share clothes
Nokri (Marisa): I’ll wear a big sweater!!
Nokri (Marisa): I have this, despite its looks it’s a swimsuit
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oo that's jaehee-y
Nokri (Marisa): Just needs a suit
Nokri (Marisa): im really really sorry i can't justify getting her canon one
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's ok! Mine and Tom's arnt canon either
Nokri (Marisa): i'm trying to think of upsides but there are a lot of downsides. a super specific outfit that can't be reused for anything else, that no one will recognize (especially on its own), that will likely only be worn once for a couple of hours at most and then not worn again for at least a whole year if ever, that there won't be any pictures of. i don't have the money now to justify doing that kind of outfit, sorry 😢
Bill: There will be pictures.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's ok! You don't need to apologise 💕
Nokri (Marisa): i can bring the black swim dress but the canon outfit seems no go
Bill: Also literally no one has ever said you 'need to be canon'.
Nokri (Marisa): but no one will recognize it outside of canon
Bill: No one recognizes Jaehee *in* canon.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah! see?
Bill: MM is unrecognizable outside of the twins.
Bill: *So then why should it matter*
Nokri (Marisa): some people recognized me because i had elizabeth and coffee at katsucon
Nokri (Marisa): but i can't carry those in the pool
Nokri (Marisa): elizabeth garnered a lot of attention
Aldus Larian (Jess): Did we ever figure out the picture situation?
Nokri (Marisa): i don't think so, that's why i put there won't be pictures as a downside
Bill: Lee volunteered to take photos of us.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ye as long as its not during the kaiju meetup
Bill: Even if she's busy being adored as Clifford, I can take photos still, I just won't be in the set.
Aldus Larian (Jess): when day?
Bill: Big deal.
Bill: Saturday 1-4.
Nokri (Marisa): clifford is fantastic
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ^
Kaio Vermino (Lee): LOL THANK
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm excited for that
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It's so stupid that its exciting
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But I can take photos of yall any other time
Kaio Vermino (Lee): After I change preferably or earlier in the day o3o
Nokri (Marisa): ~~cce seems like it's gonna be stress con for me aa~~
Bill: We'll be in it all afternoon and night I'm sure.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Okie!
Aldus Larian (Jess): should we shoot for like 5:00 then?
Bill: sure.
Aldus Larian (Jess): or like 4:30
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 5 would be best tbh cause I gotta change from Clifford to catra
Aldus Larian (Jess): okey dokey
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But my sheer shoot isnt til night time
Bill: Whose shooting that? Rebecca?
Bill: Just curious if she's shooting while in the shoot.
Nokri (Marisa): is everyone basically spending the entire con in the water park?
Aldus Larian (Jess): not really sure yet
Aldus Larian (Jess): im stressin it too so you're not alone
Nokri (Marisa): i wasn't really planning on spending a lot of time in the water park at all, aside from meetups i don't see the appeal since everyone says it's humid and gross in there
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo i like water park
Aldus Larian (Jess): but i like water so
Nokri (Marisa): me too!! but it sounds like it'll be crowded 🙀
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm not really?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the con is geared more towards the water park. there are panels and the smol dealer's/artist's room but all the meeting rooms are in the same central location
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): water park v big and there's outside areas and the arcade and the main lobby which gets pretty boppin
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Will has convinced me to go to the late night party after the late-night water park thing ends
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in the lobby
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): at 3am
Bill: I have no idea what I'm doing. Drinking. Hopefully talking to strangers.
Bill: Or not hopefully. Jury is out on that one,.
Aldus Larian (Jess): what dat mean
Bill: Lord if I know.
Aldus Larian (Jess): o ok
Nokri (Marisa): am looking at videos of the con! i'll probably be spending most of my time in the arcade or at panels/events :3c
Aldus Larian (Jess): what event were u lookin at?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh uh yea the shera shoot is basically being shot by whoever brings their camera. Really not organized
Bill: understandable. Being in the shoot and shooting really does suck.
Nokri (Marisa): the "sketch pics and chill" they have in the lounge each night
interested in karaoke but i fear that'll be a drunken mess
"Homestuck!?" maybe
Anime Theme Singalong Dance Concert
i'm considering the formal but idk what i'd bring for it
if everyone is still out at 2am maybe the gameshow
Nintendo's Greatest Commercials, Cafe Mew Mew, the Kimono panel, Tame that Tune, the Masquerade, So You Think You Love Chrom, the Meiji Restoration panel and the military/kawaii propaganda panel, sponsorships and career cosplay (just to see who sponsored that panel since it sounds like a pyramid scheme), and the samurai stage show since i think that's dan and jill
Bill: Also hopefully talking to strangers is spending time with people who I can meet their friends, and through friends of friends maybe I'll meet some single people to mingle with. Not hopefully is that *entire* scenario gives me anxiety and I'm more than likely going to not do it.
Nokri (Marisa): it sounds more like the *idea* of it gives you anxiety
Nokri (Marisa): i wonder if i should bring one of my autographed goblin slayers to the flea market and see if i can trade it for something good. i was gonna donate it to zenkai's charity auction but then the dealer's head was caught in her hotel room with the charity bucket so you know she was stealing money from it and i didn't trust them at all <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA do it
Nokri (Marisa): but then again, is there really anything i'd want <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): people can just but them too
Aldus Larian (Jess): u dont have to trad
Nokri (Marisa): there are very few things i'd actually want to go out of my way to get and they're so specific and rare i doubt they'd be sold there
oo :0
but i don't know what i'd sell it for and probably undersell it lol
Nokri (Marisa): "i like your cosplay. you can have this for a quarter with puerto rico on the back"
Nokri (Marisa): omg i wish i could sell stuff there, i could bring stuff from the shop
but i wouldn't have any change lol
Andrew: I have no clue what to expect so I was gonna playa lot by ear.
Andrew: Prrobably drink and hang out with you guys.
Nokri (Marisa): unstructured hanging out scares me so i'll most likely be going to panels and roaming unless needed for other things
Bill: Potato potato.
Nokri (Marisa): ?
Nokri (Marisa): i have a microwave baked potato maker, where you stick a potato in the sleeve and stick it in the microwave for a bit and it bakes it. doesn't really work but i can bring it since we have a microwave?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I like the flea market
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Probably will go see the super guitar bros since their stuff is pretty decent, otherwise.im open to whatever
Nokri (Marisa): ~~someone stop me from making a Spinel cosplay for next week after the idea popped into my head~~
Nokri (Marisa): *oh no I already have all the materials to make one what if it’s happening*
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Nokri (Marisa): <:rapid:607237006539489310> 
Am I obliged to any specific group after the bnha meetup on Friday
Nokri (Marisa): *could I do spinel*
Nokri (Marisa): It’d take maybe an hour to sew everything tops and I have an old wig in that color and pink paint
Nokri (Marisa): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~do it~~
Nokri (Marisa): ~~but I feel bad doing spinel and not accurate Jaehee~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): But you already have everything right?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah!! I checked upstairs as soon as I got home, all the right color fabric and I can blend red and white Ben nye makeup together and I know I have that old wig
Aldus Larian (Jess): So then don't feel bad! You said you can't do jaehee cuz money but this is at no cost
Nokri (Marisa): Leftover chihiro fabric and tuff form dance school uniforms
*if you’re ok with it*
Aldus Larian (Jess): You don't need my approval silly
Nokri (Marisa): White tights from edea and pink arm socks from monomi
Nokri (Marisa): *i crave that approval*
Nokri (Marisa): I gotta figure out the gloves but if I just make huge gloves and stuff them it should all work out
Nokri (Marisa): ~~who knows a photographer free on friday evening?~~
Nokri (Marisa): if anyone has 5 minutes free on friday night i might bribe you with bows and hair accessories and furry ears to get some pictures on my phone if that is ok with the wholly consenting target i choose to pressure
Nokri (Marisa): also i'm going to muder for TiA's autograph
Nokri (Marisa): jess and tom are you guys interested in TiA's autograph?
