Nokri (Marisa): Ooo Biru do Mirio!! Mirio and all might!!
I was considering uraraka if I can’t find other costumes
Aldus Larian (Jess): Anyone elses Instagram shitting out?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah insta and Facebook are down
Nokri (Marisa): we're bringing back myspace
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo ok tumbr was fine so I figured it wasn't my internet
Bill: BNE been talking about it being down all day yeah.
Bill: Also they were talking about pulling back on the cons next year so everyone's feeling the bubble burst.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I haven't checked BNE I've been busy
Nokri (Marisa): shh don't say that, it'll reveal i've used the myspace joke twice
Bill: Ye nothing to check, I cliffnoted the important stuff XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): Is anyone actually like doing anything for the forth?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my plans are not going to work and probably eating food
Bill: Nope. Parents wanna BBQ that's all I know.
Bill: They invited Katy and Erik but. Who knows.
Nokri (Marisa): Im gonna make a blanket fort and hide under it to escape the noise
Bill: ~~Katy's Erik not our Erik lol~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think my parents are going to our local parade, at least my dad is I think. I've lost interest in our borough's 4th of July parade. It's like 40 minutes of the same shit. No one does cool floats anymore. We'd usually watch it from family friends' houses, but their kids who were our age have all since moved out so it's not even worth it to go. Parking is a bitch since they clear all the streets.
Bill: oof yeah parades aren't my thing.
Bill: Understandable.
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo I forgot about parades. I’m usually in them but my sister is working tomorrow so I don’t think they’re participating this yea r
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he only things we *could* be doing would be going up to my grandparents for a dull picnic or if my sister and her husband decide to have a cookout
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): kind of depressing how holidays have become so lackluster
Bill: The fourth is a shitty holiday though cause it's in the middle of the week and you have work the next day.
Nokri (Marisa): Capitalism yaaay
Bill: What about you Jess?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): apparently our shop is closed so I get an extra unpaid holiday <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): right before I leave for vacation
Bill: eeeyyyy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nothing yet I wanna go swimming
Aldus Larian (Jess): But we're going to my parents Saturday, I need more friends with pools
Bill: I need more swimming as well!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): same
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): our hotel in Cincinnati has a rooftop pool that I'm pretty stoked about
Bill: ~~can we invade your parents house again~~
Bill: Or go to the beach ahead of cosplay day.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Beach is a zoo on the 4th
Bill: Oh I didn't mean specifically tomorrow.
Aldus Larian (Jess): And my parents are weary of having friends over now 🙁
Bill: 😭
Bill: ~~understandable it's a nice pool they should horde it~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's more the drinking I think. I haven't asked them straight up but they were a little peeved after what happened at my birthday
Bill: ...ah.
Bill: sorry.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's ok they'll prob get over it
Bill: sorry.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Is ok
Bill: I disagree but.
Tikur (Kurtis): Also sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's alright guys it was an accident
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm going to steel stacks
Kaio Vermino (Lee): *Nier automata intensifies*
Bill: Scout it for locations.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): **nier vibes**
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: There’s a gaming convention in Morristown this weekend.
Bill: As in rpgs.
