Bill: That's a cool cosplay.
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): It’s jess!
Tikur (Kurtis): That jacket reminds of the brigand jacket from Fable 3
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I hope that's real
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it is
Bill: First package to the apartment!
Bill: The knock startled me!
Bill: I have claude earring and the hair extension pieces should work.
Bill: I just don't know how to braid.
Bill: Not alot to these. 😬
Bill: There enough to these? The right two are one clip; the left is two.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.wikihow.com/Braid-Hair
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): probably will only need one of the smol ons
Aldus Larian (Jess): biru are u getting a wig for claude?
Nokri (Marisa): braiding is super easy, looks like you have plenty to practice with also
Bill: No wog.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you might have a hard time making the clip not stand out then
Aldus Larian (Jess): youll also need a fair amount of hair to clip it into
Nokri (Marisa): oo yeah, since you have pretty short hair if you don't have a wig to attach it to, might need to spray and tease your hair a lot to get it to stay better
Nokri (Marisa): if it's long enough to
Bill: That's the idea. Claude style is similar to mine, just not smooth, ruffled.
Bill: I'mma get a haircut tomorrow and talk to the stylist about how to do that cause I'm feeling that generally more than my typical thing.
Bill: Not alot of hair on da smol one.
Nokri (Marisa): woah a stylist. that sounds like it'll cost more than a wig
Aldus Larian (Jess): his hair's pretty long a good 3-4 inches
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: It’s not super thicc but should be okay?
Nokri (Marisa): you braid! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): you can thicken it by pulling at the sides a bit, sliding them up more if you want to
Bill: I wrecked it trying to tie it! 🙃
Nokri (Marisa): what'd you use? :0
Nokri (Marisa): rubber bands are awful for tying hair
Nokri (Marisa): never use em
Nokri (Marisa): oh bro you don't even need a clip-on earring, he doesn't use clip-ons
Nokri (Marisa): just glue some wire around your ear
Nokri (Marisa): unless you're allergic to latex
Bill: Got the clip on already.
Bill: My shit motor skills are not making this easy.
Nokri (Marisa): what are you doing
Bill: Got it sealed. No I don’t have hair ties.
Bill: Had no luck with the pulling to the side thing.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): what are you trying to pull to the side? what's the binder clip for?
Nokri (Marisa): OH to make the braid thicker?
Nokri (Marisa): it looks like it worked a bit
Nokri (Marisa): yeah it did. look at your first picture compared to the second one.
Bill: 
Bill: Used the double clip one.
Bill: 
Bill: Needs to be trimmed down but.
Bill: ~~and not using a binder clip to hold it~~
Bill: Think the bigger one makes a difference.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I thought the braid was higher up
Bill: 
Bill: V
Bill: 
Bill: Wink's on the wrong side. Rip.
Bill: Braid blends into his bands on the art. It's weird.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: And his adult portrait is a beard ~~I can't grow~~ in place of the braid and more swept back.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): daddy vibes
Nokri (Marisa): pepper some mascara on your face for beard
Bill: Memelord grows up to babysit edgelord and mad hoe.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~dont talk about MM like that~~
Bill: MC is a bad hoe?
Bill: ~~or is V the memelord~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye shes a mad hoe, u seen some of those responses?
Bill: I thought she just horny. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: hoes mad is burning towns down.
Aldus Larian (Jess): whaaaa
Bill: Three houses meme.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh ok yea
Bill: I need a yellow hair tie, and then... I guess I'll cut the extra? Or try and like, stick it under the tie?
Bill: Not sure.
Nokri (Marisa): don't stick it under the tie, it'll look bulky
Aldus Larian (Jess): just trim dat boi
Bill: But we're ready to be the *least attractive* but most enthusiastic Claude when the outfit comes monday!
Bill: *I might even tik tok*
Bill: *oh my god I'm actually going to show the stylist a picture of Claude tomorrow and say "more of that please"*
Aldus Larian (Jess): you mean you dont always take your hair inspiration from fictional characters?
Bill: ~~I did in high school and that didn't do me any favors~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): aww
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Anime hair: a mistake.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Speaking of hair that's a mistake... Zen ponytail weft came in
Aldus Larian (Jess): *take that back*
Nokri (Marisa): *rat tail rat tail*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I like how the cut long wig looks better than the short with with added wefts, but I like the silver color over the white better
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Maybe I just need another set of wefts so they come in from the sides
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *prays they're not already backordered again*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ok, decided I'm getting another weft cip
