Glonk: So it turns out I'm a size 16 for a dress
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 👀
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): When are you wearing a dress
Glonk: Uggg the picture is roted upside down...
Glonk: 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Woah
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): That's pretty
Nokri (Marisa): gorgeous
Nokri (Marisa): it really suits you
Glonk: 
Glonk: trying to get it by colossal
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Omfg yes LOL
Glonk: 
Bill: Dave is best girl.
Bill: Sorry ladies.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so kawaii
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <@228287793099440128> you are beautiful
Glonk: ❤
Bill: No Lissy at next, but promised to do shoot (and be shot) at Ota in exchange for drinks. Talking to Ryan now (cause oh my god how have I not shot him), Kirsten is set, and Zeikani good.
Bill: That’s the outside Aurii people.
Bill: Got andoru and Mawisa and Georgia for here.
Bill: I could ask the spider Gwen from nezumi if she wanted to meet again, she’s never done shoots before that so probably easier to communicate with her first... ~~But dickish as it is she has a boyfriend and I have enough couple friends~~
Bill: I had the outside thought I should ask Tyler and Brandon or something but that thought quickly died cause they intimidating as FUCK.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Kinda jerky too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tyler at least
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And Brandon kinda follows around Tyler like a lost puppy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _this isn’t even just my opinion Hal told me these things too_
Bill: Oh and I messaged the Jessies but I didn't get an answer. 😭
Bill: *No wait they literally just replied*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woooah
Bill: Lol they used the generic office “hi X”.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): is that a thing?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i gotta stop sayin hi lol
Bill: It's normal.
Bill: It's like "Dear Professor".
Bill: That's too formal for coworkers, so most people start an email or slack with "hi/hey person".
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hi Bill and Georgia. I hope you guys are having a moderately tolerable day.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh i say hello formally, hi for acquaintences and dont say any greeting for friends
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh god that is formal
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and roman and justin will sometimes get "BITCH"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Hello Bitch,*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I think I default to Hey
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Hey Jude
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i just got added to a group project groupme for my online class and started with hiya
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!301927856240459777>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): ***good***
Nokri (Marisa): They await trial
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk what to do with them now that we movin
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I like pyralspite, he’s the main bitch
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Wezrez 5k SFS giveaway bonanza 2k19*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *win a plushie dagron thingy*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s a scalemate ;3c
Nokri (Marisa): Scalemate giveaways used to be all the rage, I did some on tumblr like 5 years ago for people in Phillystuck and they were super common. Bring them back.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah they were huge
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I bought two of those scalemates at NYCC
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): pyralspite I bought
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Two I got from my GF
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and one I think from Justin
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dey cute and very soft
Nokri (Marisa): I brought one of mine to Kogaracon, people liked it I think. You can help contribute to the second coming of Homestuck
Nokri (Marisa): How big are the official ones?
Nokri (Marisa): Like a foot tall or so?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ummm they pretty til
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye that sounds about right!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I was so into Terezi cosplay omg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I brought all these hos to my panels
Nokri (Marisa): Bring it back
Bring it baaaaack
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I had the official Terezi pyrope hoodie
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Terezi was the old Pyrrha except I was so much more obsessed
Nokri (Marisa): Omg that reminds me of something Pyrrha related I found online at 4am
Nokri (Marisa): My phone is at 1% but I’ll post it in nsfw when I get a charger
Nokri (Marisa): It’s ridiculous
Nokri (Marisa): An older guy from Malaysia sent me a message on Instagram in Japanese
I am scare
Nokri (Marisa): What if he flies over from Malaysia to murder me for ignoring him
Bill: Lolol Jamie inviting people over on your birthday.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Uhhhh Facebook must be down for me
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I'm not seeing anything <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): She mentioned inviting people to her house the same day as your party in BNE
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH
Aldus Larian (Jess): I thought he meant on the Facebook event
Nokri (Marisa): That’d be so messed up hehe
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean I wouldn't be surprised, but I did ask people to DM for questions
Aldus Larian (Jess): At least I know she's out then
Bill: Yeee
Bill: props to Anna for not saying "I'm going to Jess's party that not everyone was invited to instead"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): TOGA TOGA TOGA
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 5 dolla at goodwill and it was the first thing I saw when I walked in
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also this
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): pretty much everyone in bne was tho so
Aldus Larian (Jess): at least the active ones
Bill: I just appreciate discretion. Unlike "HEY CAN INVITE MORE PEOPLE TO YOUR PARTY GEORGIA"
Bill: in public chats.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): TOGA TOGA TOGA
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my mom said that sweater looks like it was 80 dolla new
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I got it for 5 :3c
Nokri (Marisa): TOGA PARTY
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoo!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Your sister looking like:"mom said it's my turn to use the mirror"
Nokri (Marisa): These pants are coming out much differently than I imagined but not in an “it’s ruined” way. More in a, “huh. I can pretend this was my intention from the beginning” sort of way.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoo!
Bill: Shooting FJ as Ruby Friday. Nicu.
Bill: MJ hasn’t decided if he’s cosplaying yet and I’m sure you can appreciate that mood Jess. :3c
Aldus Larian (Jess): ussually yes, but this time im being just as bad, actually tom is the one with any plans yet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm maybe I should do Friday as a half day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But oh that’s so last minute nope
Bill: Ryan dodged the question and started asking about me cosplaying. Which is nice (definitely my biggest fan) but also <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: Not going to force him though.
