Bill: Last I heard ye.
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t need a shower anymore being in the rain for 30 seconds had the same effect
Ya I chise why :0
El🆓de Faun (Tom): im gonna do ruth!
Bill: 😮
Bill: Furry Ruth? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): FURSUIT TIME FURSUIT TIME
Nokri (Marisa): JESS BE SILKY
Bill: You need an Elias.
Nokri (Marisa): JESS BE ELIAS
Nokri (Marisa): BIRU YOU TOO
Nokri (Marisa): One of you normal Elias and the other smol
Nokri (Marisa): Rock Paper Scissors to decide which is which
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OMG smol elias
El🆓de Faun (Tom): baby
Aldus Larian (Jess): No time to make or buy silly 😔
El🆓de Faun (Tom): ive been wanting to do ruth for a while so i mentioned it and looked for my saeran jacket but it wasnt close enough
El🆓de Faun (Tom): and ofc jess just owns the perfect jacket
El🆓de Faun (Tom): and i have the rest
Nokri (Marisa): Yesssssss
Nokri (Marisa): Do you guys have a giant Victorian ballgown so jess can do silky
Nokri (Marisa): OR ALICE
Nokri (Marisa): SAME HAIR
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah
Nokri (Marisa): BUT SAME HAIR
Nokri (Marisa): no pressure
Bill: ~~she means pressure~~
Bill: There’s Angelica too.
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea idk I'm really discouraged rn
Bill: Mood.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's like a million degrees in here, it's gonna be a million degrees all weekend too and I feel like I'm not going to able to work on what I need to I have no idea what I wanna do for ota
Aldus Larian (Jess): Except Touka but like I said I don't even know if I can finish it
Bill: You guys bought an AC I though?
Aldus Larian (Jess): It only does the bedroom
Bill: 😭
Bill: I’d love to offer space but our basement is still in shambles.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's ok I'm not really comfortable working not at home at home anyway cuz I always end up needing something not with me
Bill: Not that you’d have stuff or anything.
Bill: Ye exactly.
Nokri (Marisa): “Ah yes. I have everything with me to work except for the the smallest, most crucial and irreplaceable piece that I can’t do anything without”
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea
Bill: Work late at night lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oof
Bill: Ye.
Bill: Or early in the morning.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tom has more of a line up than I do at this point
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm just feeling shitty like none of costumes are appealing to me
Bill: Hmm. Would you want to take a break from cosplaying? You could use my old camera and shoot. Either tag along with me or Marisa as a second shooter or talk to people for your own shoots.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah I know I'll feel left out
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'll probably be fine in the morning I'm just cranky
Aldus Larian (Jess): And stressed
Bill: Do a simple cosplay with it. Part of the reason I’m good with Barry while shooting, he plain clothes.
Bill: Ye morning will be better.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Talking pics of people isn't really something I'm into that much tho
Bill: Mmkay. Just wanted to give you the option. 😃
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea.
Bill: (Marisa if you ever want to borrow dslr gear, you can if you tell me ahead of time)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my closet is open if you wanna borrow anything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): toga, pyrrha, yang, the whole shabang
Aldus Larian (Jess): Thank gurl
Nokri (Marisa): i wouldn't know what to do with it i'd just carry it around on a velvet pillow but thank
Bill: It’s old velvet pillow not required. No one gets my film camera of d500. Those are velvet worthy.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~amd of course I'm going to have my period for the con *again*~~
Bill: 😱😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's prob part of the reason I'm even so upset rn
Nokri (Marisa): we can suffer together
i've been willing my tracker to be wrong all month because cons always fall on period weeks
Aldus Larian (Jess): It sucks 😩
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah ive felt kinda bummed lately too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no period at con but still bummed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my session 2 kids suck thats probably part of it
Aldus Larian (Jess): I was fine all day it just hit when I got home and started trying to work on stuff
Nokri (Marisa): your body was like "productivity? lol"
Aldus Larian (Jess): "hbu have breakdown instead <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> "
Bill: https://i.redd.it/djabiaua1v931.jpg I’ve had this open in a tab for a week, maybe it help? 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): For me or Georgia? Mines just stressed caused by indecision
Bill: For you.
Bill: One of the questions is about indecision.
Bill: But applies to whoever.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea that's the only one that applies
Bill: I’ve just been looking at when I’m feeling everything is awful.
Aldus Larian (Jess): :(
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah not it's not even like that tho it's just cosplay related
Nokri (Marisa): on a lighter note I have enough red fabric to make another dress 👀
i was thinking about adora's prom dress because i really like the design of it, but i don't make a good blonde at all. i do have some really nice glittery purple star fabric that could be a decent glimmer dress that could make up for it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You look great as zorldo tho!
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Aldus Larian (Jess): I never been zorldo silly
Nokri (Marisa): what did i use to color my eyes for her <:thinku:543194478614413318> i think i left my eyebrow pencil in japan
Nokri (Marisa): not yet <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): edea and terra and nowi and sheryl and sonia and tsumugi and uhhhh what other blondes do i cosplay
they look weird with my complexion
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't think so!
Nokri (Marisa): glimmer also has tanner skin though and i'm pale like a chinchilla
Nokri (Marisa): pretty sure she has a back tattoo also and i wouldn't be able to apply that <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I can help!
Nokri (Marisa): i'm gonna be a thug
Aldus Larian (Jess): i bought myself a cheese to cheer me up (like code geass pizza hut cheese not like cheese cheese)
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok freaked out, had a mini melt down, used retail therapy, made a tentative plan, feel better
Nokri (Marisa): Cheese heals all
Aldus Larian (Jess): plan for now is: Friday: Mina Saturday: PJ Nora for shoot then Touka and Sunday is Lazy ™ CC
Aldus Larian (Jess): Pray for my yellow contacts to hold up
Aldus Larian (Jess): catch me on sunday of the con like
Bill: Good line up!
Bill: I would baku squad but doing the RE shoot.
Aldus Larian (Jess): whens da shoot
Bill: 4.
Bill: 
Bill: I wish I had an easier RWBY cosplay than Hazel, I'd do something for rwby and change to barry after Lum with Lanie...
Aldus Larian (Jess): PJ Hazel
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol
Bill: I dunno even know what that would be lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): he has a tshirt it says "I love dust"
Bill: naaaah
Bill: It'd have to be like... CFVY, SSSN, or Cardin. Striking Cardin cause villain.
Bill: Yatsu cause bald. Velvet and Coco cause not genderbends I'm into. It's like... Fox or Neptune.
Aldus Larian (Jess): what about the green hair guy
Bill: I had given up on Fox for some reason awhile back, and I just realized I could never be Neptune cause Ryan has perfected Neptune.
Bill: Who?
Aldus Larian (Jess): uhhh
Bill: Just give me something else you remember lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): sage
Bill: Iiiii don't think I can run around shirtless. Unless I'm trying to look like Fat Thor.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh i didnt realise he was shirtless
Bill: I had to google to check myself.
Bill: Long coat over bare chest.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i had too google him
Bill: Same reason I wouldn't consider Sun.
Aldus Larian (Jess): personally i try to stay away from darker complexion characters but thats just me
Bill: Also good point.
Bill: And that applies to Fox.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeeee
Bill: So like. Neptune. But Ryan's too good at Neptune so.
Bill: rip.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <@351471675843411978> yesss
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Sleepy cheesekun
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yatsu isn't bald tho?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/502526204402860032/599283578144292864/image0.png
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i wanna go to this photographer thing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but like its supposed to be like 100 degrees saturday
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's gonna be sooo hot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!334090409389195266> do you use wig glue on your lace fronts?
Nokri (Marisa): I saw the dealers badge and got so confused for a minute
*when did I agree to be a dealer and what am I dealing*
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHOA
Nokri (Marisa): *it's an old badge it's ok*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i made my packing list aleady <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <@245270932602486784> I use spirit gum because wig glue ie too strong and rips out my actual hair lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _damn_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): spirit gum and spirit gum remover?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yep!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _nicu thank_
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!301927856240459777> where was the info for that second beach day
Bill: I take it you want to do the cosplay meetup this weekend, but don't want to go alone Georgia? I wasn't sure you wanted to do this morning because of the heat.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean i could go alone i dont mind
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its just a little less fun that way
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like arcade+vault suit would be a banger
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THANK
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): how interested were people in going to cosplay beach day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): cause i was wondering if i should do that + BBQ at home for my birthday
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I plan on doing Kiri at Ota and was concerned again about being shirtless (because Katsu technically didn't allow shirtless cosplays even for guys) and Otakon doesn't even really have any cosplay policies other than the weapons policy? Instead they have a really nice write-up from a former hall costume contest coordinator about cosplay safety: https://www.otakon.com/info/general-policies/#collapse-cosplay-and-safety-52972
Bill: You're going to die of heat in the vault suit, aren't you?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): well the vault suit is the lesser warm of the cosplay i own
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but BILL I GOT THE 120 LASER RIFLE FOR 20 BUCKS i gotta
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): even if my followers dont like my vault suit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): fuk em
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): could wear toga too i guess
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): AND YEAH BNHA SQUADDDD
Bill: Oh Erik, lemme ask Dan. He did Sun a few years at Otakon, he'd know the policy.
Nokri (Marisa): i might go to beach day
Nokri (Marisa): i know a lot of people who're going
Bill: 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL i remember mcdonalds
Bill: the meetup this weekend did sound interesting, though I'm invited to a graduation party around the same time.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *emergency pasties lmao*
Andrew: I'm interested in beach day. I have personal days they want me to take soon
Bill: <@!350855105123319808> you got like, a yellow tie? or bow tie?
Tikur (Kurtis): I will have to look I think so
Bill: This, but some kind of yellow neck tie, as like swing!kaminari?
Aldus Larian (Jess): What do swing outfits look like <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): are you going to the formal?
Bill: no.
Bill: it's a casual formal look for swing.
Bill: Swing is fluttery skirts for women and men it's formal war but not at the level of tux.
Bill: I can cosplay, the jacket fits *perfectly* so I can wear that all day and shoot without restriction, the dress pants mostly match color wise, I won't feel like a human egg cause they're my actual waist size... Pretty much an overall win. It works for actually going to the swing stuff too.
Bill: *Tom is this you in your edgy phrase?*
Bill: or;
Bill: black shorts and the jacket, boom.
Bill: ~~I really want to Kaminari I guess but I won't stuff how bad the hero suit pants look~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I dont see not! 
what night is the swing thing?
Bill: Saturday. There's basic lessons at 3 and 8.
Bill: The club is open 9-12 with band.
Bill: I'm not sure which lesson to go to yet, but I'm free during both.
Bill: Wow the photographer bar meetup has more people on it than the rwby shoot.
Nokri (Marisa): Way more photographers than rwby cosplayers
Bill: Photographers don't usually do meetups tho.
Bill: We'll see what happens.
Nokri (Marisa): They do :0 
There’s usually a couple photographer meetups at every con
Bill: (I'm also talking about the friday rwby shoot, not the saturday shoot)
Nokri (Marisa): It has more than both iirc
Bill: But ye, Swing thing is plan saturday night. Raving and then driving home sunday doesn't sound fun.
Bill: I don't have plan for friday night beyond bar meetup.
Aldus Larian (Jess): rave is both night?
Bill: I'd guess so, it is at most cons.
Aldus Larian (Jess): y
Bill: So could do that friday.
Aldus Larian (Jess): whens your bar meetup?
Bill: 8pm.
Bill: Ya'll can come anyway because I don't give a fuck about rules at this thing.
Bill: If you wanted to.
Aldus Larian (Jess): *brings V cosplay*
Bill: ***also*** *brings V cosplay*
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Bill: I assume a handful of people will show, it'll last a half hour, and then whatever. So asides from that minimum half hour, I'm free like... 5pm on friday night.
Aldus Larian (Jess): do they have fud?
Bill: Ye.
Bill: Not sure what kind, it's the lobby bar of the marquis.
Bill: so probably basic stuff, and apps.
Bill: could eat there or before/after.
Bill: ~~I just wanna be with friends after I finish all my shoots for the day~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): why not during
Bill: Yeah, also option.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanna coplay v again but im afraid some girls gonna give me a lecture on how terrible saeran is again.
Bill: I'll distract her by telling her I need to tell her something important later and you can run away.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ill get smart this time and be like "excuse me that is my SON"
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh thats such a v thing to do
Nokri (Marisa): I beat them up in a fist fight
Bill: "Miss, thank you for your opinion. However, right now I need to ask you to just trust me on that topic. I promise to explain everything later. I'm sorry to keep such secrets from you."
Bill: Bonus round: "It's just what Rika would have wanted."
Nokri (Marisa): Then I smash a vase over their head
Aldus Larian (Jess): NICE
Aldus Larian (Jess): i might be fed up with body paint by then so is a possibility
Bill: doing V?
Nokri (Marisa): Yes
Aldus Larian (Jess): going to bar meet but yea doing v also
Nokri (Marisa): V body paint
Aldus Larian (Jess): AHH NO
Nokri (Marisa): Yes
Bill: "Rika wanted me this way"
Bill: ~~what if I did afterstory V while you did main story V~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): it would be like that meme
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "Rika said she wanted me to die. I thought she meant "dye""
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: ErIK I just fucking choked
Aldus Larian (Jess): that one thats us
Bill: I feel like I should *probably* dress like a normie so the photographers feel comfortable but.
Bill: I did just get that jacket.
Aldus Larian (Jess): decisons decisions
Bill: I have everything except the lapel pin so.
Aldus Larian (Jess): tom mentioning wanting to do v at some point too, he got a better wig for him
Bill: cultist V.
Bill: It'll be like the Triple Rays, but with the other sad boi.
Aldus Larian (Jess): id cosplay rika with him but damn id be so afraid of hate
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Anyone doing anything Mystic Messenger for CCE?
Aldus Larian (Jess): OwO
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe its in my brain, but its always in my brain
Bill: I do whatever the friends do.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I wanna do something new for CCE (but like swim version) and I was thinking about Zen
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i will most likley attempt tom into being one of the chois~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ZEN YAAS
Bill: ZEEEEEN
Bill: *my immediate thought was do Jumin cause we need a Jumin and a Zen at the same time*
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAS
Bill: ~~It's from Vcufflinks well I guess I have to~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG thats the smae seller that sells V's necklace
Aldus Larian (Jess): i almost bought it but that i made it out of credit card instead
Bill: ~~maaaaaybe that's why it's the only prime option to look like his brooch~~
Bill: The black wig I was talking about for Gil could be a passable Jumin. I however, am not passable as Jumin. Boy is fit for a cat obsessed eccentric billionaire.
Aldus Larian (Jess): jumin wears a shirt in his swim outfit tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): so youd prob be more comfortable ya?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <@351471675843411978> if anyone gives you hate I'll kill em
Bill: ^ I guess that means he's doing Saeran at CCE
Bill: It's less comfort (the booze helps with that) it's just looking so obviously not like a given character's build that gets to me. However, clothing such as the shirt I now see, make it easier to make me look closer to the build.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my hero
Aldus Larian (Jess): if tom does seven at cce he can wear a shark fin
Bill: It *would* be cool to see Rika cosplayed.
Bill: Especially considering V my guy.
Bill: but.
Aldus Larian (Jess): there was rikas at ota!
Bill: I completely understand the reservations on it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lot of em
Bill: *I foolishly wasn't into it then*
Bill: ~~well, I hadn't played it~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): and VS MOM
Aldus Larian (Jess): ugh so good. and V's voice actor was so excited
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: I need that exact magazine cause it reads "Money" like it wasn't obvious Jumin is rich as fuck.
Bill: Alright if Erik is hoping to Zen for CCE I'll take the Jumin.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I need like, beachwear fan art because I don't think Zen has any sort of canon swim outfit
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE HE DO HOLD UP
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😮
Bill: *Man I can't even remember Jess before she was mystic messenger trash.* :3
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: BE THE BODY PILLOW ERIK BE THE BODY PILLOW
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😮 😮 😮
Bill: ALL THE INSTAGRAM MM FANGIRLS WILL EAT YOU UP
Bill: *literally*
Aldus Larian (Jess): they sold that and a double sided saeran one at ota last year as they were both sold out so fast
Bill: *you will need bodyguards*
Aldus Larian (Jess): you'll have to pay for them
Bill: Well, I'm the heir to C&R so.
Bill: I'll just.
Bill: create a private division of my company, hire ex paramilitary troops, and arm them with cutting edge weaponry.
Bill: and by I'll.
Bill: I mean.
Bill: Jaehee will.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://smile.amazon.com/YAVOCOS-Swimwear-Shorts-Zipper-Pockets/dp/B078VPY1VC/ref=sr_1_58_sspa?keywords=blue+swim+trunks&qid=1563479193&s=gateway&sr=8-58-spons&psc=1
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *how much confidence do I have at CCE this year...*
Aldus Larian (Jess): ALL
Bill: All my guy.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): theres some helpful *liquid confidence* to help you out
Aldus Larian (Jess): get the milage out of those red contacts too
Bill: ~~We can put in for a swim MM shoot too~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~already having red contacts was a contributing factor~~
Bill: CCE: A mystic messenger shoot? Must be run by a bunch of fangirls
CCE: what do you mean, it's two girls and all their male friends?
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoo!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yo I'll do seven if I can wear the shark fin plZ
Aldus Larian (Jess): BLESS
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Zen would be fun to do too
Aldus Larian (Jess): if i was a boy id do saeran
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Long hair but clip on ponytail
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Omg
Aldus Larian (Jess): seven has 2 canons technically? theres the actual art
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have to figure out if I want the Official™ Ebay brand Zen cosplay wig which already has ponytail, or if I want to do separate wig wit click in ponytail
Aldus Larian (Jess): and then theres this masterpiece
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ah stick body
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Why seven so buff lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): weve been over this! XD
Bill: they're all buff tho?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~seriously tho, with all of the chips and soda he consumes and the exercise he doesn't do...~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): sept yoosung and saeran
El🆓de Faun (Tom): BEST AT LOLOL BEST AT WEIGHTS BEST AT HACKING
Bill: *I can bench my entire hacking rig*
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaaaa
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wears a short that says simply the best
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OH AND BEST AT WOW
Aldus Larian (Jess): hes like aliza in highschool, eats like crap but not enough so he doesnt gain weght
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Boi if you were the best at wow you wouldn't be able to work
Bill: ~~but I mean, every anime waifu does nothing but eat chocolate cornets and has a hourglass figure/huge tits so we can't technically complain~~
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): at least seven has a tiny bit believable reason
Aldus Larian (Jess): he only the best cuz he hack the game
Aldus Larian (Jess): like mr. t
Bill: Ye, Seven and Zen are believable.
Bill: So looks like CCE has a mystic messenger day now.
Bill: Friday is BNHA.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Zen is believable because he canonically goes to the gym frequently
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea zen is most believable
Bill: true believable the wrong word, he proven a gym rat.
Bill: "I saw a  bird fly in the sky. So it made me go to the gym."
Bill: "The director told me a joke about a cat. I went to the gym to work off my allergies"
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Bill: "I saw my smile in the mirror so I decided to work out"
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wish i had his dedication to working out
Aldus Larian (Jess): "im gonna work out, then chug a beer" 
me too zen, me too
Bill: ~~I'll just take his looks.~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): work out > chug beer > smoke a cig
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's how Zen do
Bill: "I'm going to work out, chug a beer, then work out to get rid of the calories in the beer"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in terms of wig color, would you say Zen has "pure white" or "silver" hair?
Bill: white.
Aldus Larian (Jess): silver
Aldus Larian (Jess): either work
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah either
Bill: It's like between the two really.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea saerans is the same but my saeran wogs are technically silver
Aldus Larian (Jess): cant wait to tagle my long wig in the pool and spend 2 hours combing it out again
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): fucking arda... the wig I'd want to use for Zen is on backorder
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): until late August/early September
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wanted to get the same as my Tai wig but in white
Aldus Larian (Jess): oooo and then with a clip in?
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://arda-wigs.com/blogs/wig-suggestions/wig-suggestion-guide-mystic-messenger
Aldus Larian (Jess): kasou has this one too
https://www.kasouwig.com/90cm-355quot-mystic-messenger-zen-pearl-white-long-poytail-wig-sp05-p1410.html
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *thank you, I owe you my life*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah Caine looks better than the Hansel for Zen I think
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye hansels like curlier?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~~but also on backorder until September <:rip:369476083248267274>~~*
Aldus Larian (Jess): NUUU
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in both white and silver
Aldus Larian (Jess): they recomment derek too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😔
Aldus Larian (Jess): which is available i think?
https://arda-wigs.com/collections/classic-short-wigs/products/derek-classic?variant=27836253766
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): goddammit I can get the Derek in silver but the extension is backordered, but the Derek is backordered in white but the silver extension is available <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMMGGG
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok silver clip in is restocking late July
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *sighs in relief*
Aldus Larian (Jess): BLESS
Bill: Erik you doing Kiri for CCE BNHA right?
Bill: I can try and sell me shirtless as Fatgum, that'd be good.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like I have no content to post
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But my real problem is I want new cosplays to post
Nokri (Marisa): <:rise:582318089228648456> welcome to my world <:rise:582318089228648456>
Nokri (Marisa): there's still time before otakon
Nokri (Marisa): go for it
Aldus Larian (Jess): When's peeps leaving for ota on Thursday. (For the Thursday peeps)
Bill: I'll probably get a headstart, leave 10 or 11. If I can get out of a meeting at 10.
Nokri (Marisa): 10pm? 🙀
Bill: am.
Nokri (Marisa): wow you am leaving at 10pm
Bill: ~~I won't pick you up till then I suppose~~
Bill: ~~no con for you~~
Bill: Puts me by Marisa and Andrew noonish and then DC by 2 or 3?
Nokri (Marisa): TIME ENOUGH FOR A MUSEUM!
Nokri (Marisa): KNIFE MONEY!
Bill: No, I'm not leaving till 10pm.
Nokri (Marisa): but get to dc by 2-3
Nokri (Marisa): 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh nice
Nokri (Marisa): i'll just go look at the knife money on monday then <:hmmph:543192410402848769>
Aldus Larian (Jess): We took day off so as long as Kurtis cool with it we should be able to get there around same time this time?
Bill: I believe he took the whole day as well.
Nokri (Marisa): who wants knife money souvenirs
Bill: We'll see you around 2am.
Nokri (Marisa): Nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What’s knife money
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cause I need a smol knife for Toga
Nokri (Marisa): It’s ancient Chinese money they have in the Smithsonian that are also knives
Aldus Larian (Jess): Museums would be neat!
Bill: Someone else organize it but sure.
Bill: Last year I was pretty beat when I got to the con, but different car this year so maybe better.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't think there's much to organize they free so we just all gather and go
Bill: Picking one, how to get there without heat exhaustion...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Billlllllliammmmm do you have any Toga pics to yeet me one perchance
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like Toga is today’s exasperated mood
Bill: I do not.
Bill: Would you like me to do one for you to post?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Smithsonian is an 8 min walk
Bill: coo.
Aldus Larian (Jess): National portrtain museum is 7
Aldus Larian (Jess): National museum of women in the arts is 8
Nokri (Marisa): The smithsonian has little info cards you can steal for free in the gift shops
Nokri (Marisa): I’m hoping I can finish my collection from air & space on monday
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa
Nokri (Marisa): I think natural history is the closest
Nokri (Marisa): Out of the other smithsonians
Nokri (Marisa): Or US history <:thinku:543194478614413318> I think I went to both Thursday of the last ota I went to
Aldus Larian (Jess): National Mall is about half hour walk
Nokri (Marisa): Grab your powdered wigs ladies we’re goin shoppin
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wait which one was I looking at that was 8
Aldus Larian (Jess): American Art!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh we don't need any of that were weebs
Bill: I'm more interested in history than art, ngl.
Aldus Larian (Jess): We can take the green line to national Mall also
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Only if you has the time 🙏
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also if you guys need help with logistics my roomie is from DC so I can ask her the PRO STRATS
Aldus Larian (Jess): We'd need to get a metro card. Wow just like fallout
Bill: I mean, just ask.
Bill: 
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Georgia, what yellow contacts did u use? I'mma need new ones real soon
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Uhhhhh they’re from that contacts brand that just had all that drama
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cause I remember Honeycolor and pinkyparadise had like no selection
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and THANK YA BILLIAM
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeaaaa ok
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Bill how do you recommend cropping that for IG
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like it’s weird having it this way
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t wanna chop my elbow off
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Please advise me o mighty photographer the wise, I am a humble cosplayer without knowledge of the mystical camera arts
Bill: That's how I'd square crop it. The rule of thumb with cropping is don't crop at joints, so it looks like they have a stump.
Bill: If you don't like it, I'll do another one.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hmmmm mayhaps if you have one that fits the square better
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Otherwise I’m good with the way you cropped it
Bill: Here's an alternate.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YEAH I LIKE DAT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wow I nailed psycho better than I thought
Bill: Welc. I'm off for D&D then.
Bill: Did you give up on that one Pyrrha photo you mentioned?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@184437198865563648> I know you're a busy guy, but did you ever do anything with the photos from normie con?
Bill: Normie con and Next are my queue.
Bill: Mmm...
Bill: I only edited the one of Leanna in the walkway from the end of night.
Bill: They're sorted out, my backlog has just been rather extensive.
Bill: 
Bill: You look like Crowley (David Tennant) in Good Omens holy shit.
Bill: That's basically unedited too.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): holy shit he does
Bill: I forgot how fucking good I was that day.
Nokri (Marisa): Can confirm there’s a comparison
Bill: Alright I was going to do Next first but maybe I'll hit up normiecon instead. Or the photos for strangers first, then normie, then next.
Bill: Idk, I do these at a whim and having gotten exactly two shoots back (Flora's and Rebecca's) myself, I realize how annoying as fuck my return times must be.
Bill: Except now I just wanna go hit up Ringwood manor and cross gardens again for normiecon part 2.
Bill: ~~Why can't I just only take photos~~
Bill: ALSO I wanna do fashion shoots in NYC.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Honestly, no rush or anything. I was just lowkey really looking forward to that exact specific photo 😂
Bill: Nah, Georgia's not special or anything when I say just ask.
Bill: If you need a photo or really want one from a set, you can just ask.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Okie
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Thank fren 💕
Bill: It'd be a pain to upload piece meal so I always wait to release till I have the whole gallery ready. Doesn't mean I can't do one ahead of time. 👌
Bill: srsly though. NYC. I have a list of places for photos. We travel around. Do photos. Sunset, we do Karaoke or some shit.
Bill: ~~planning stuff has been too stressful for me recently but I want~~
Bill: NOW I go.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My kids are so loud at study hall ahhhhhh
