El🆓de Faun (Tom): What's better than sex? 
Finding a bobbin already spun up with the color you need
Aldus Larian (Jess): Does anyone else put "Glasses" on thier packing list even though they know they'll be wearing them to the con?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!! but it's because i swap which glasses to wear
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Only if I have separate cosplay glasses
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like I know I'mma wear them on Thursday to the con. They will be on my face. But on the off chance I decide to wear contacts that day I gotta be prepared
Andrew: So for ALL Might ima have to go without the wig styling
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): finally starting to pack. jamming out to this dope playlist someone on Facebook posted: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2QsHFu5MFjJMhDNjiJpEID?si=BJ0xR2uUQY-LAwT969UWwA&fbclid=IwAR2Nh6nKrr3nxhEm4xwJ4RH9nwOruc1_hwuHdvtILxblWQCIenD608r2c3s
Nokri (Marisa): I’m still painting things :3c
Andrew: Does anyone have yeellow felt?
Aldus Larian (Jess): No 😭 I have yellow pleather!
Andrew: All good! Its just for my wig I was thinking I could figure it out friday daytime
Andrew: Maybe Ill pick up some if i get the chance tomorrow
Bill: So it’s ingrained in me by my Dad to always get cash before a con. But since people also pay their shares in cash, I don’t actually need to do that. Kinda weird thing
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah , I usually take out cash too for dealers and stuff, also I don't wanna spend more than that amount if I can help it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I need to get cash for tipping
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Heading out. ETA 2pm
Nokri (Marisa): I started packing, I was gonna clip spinel’s wig together to transport it easier but I’m just gonna sew it now and hope it doesn’t get trashier
Nokri (Marisa): Rest in pieces uneven trash wig
Kaio Vermino (Lee): OH THATS SO CUTE
Nokri (Marisa): ~~prayer circle no one notices it’s uneven at the con~~
El🆓de Faun (Tom): They won't don't worry
El🆓de Faun (Tom): They'll be excited to see u
Aldus Larian (Jess): CUTE
Glonk: Safe travels to CCE for those that aren't here yet
Bill: There’s another group in the convention center lolllll
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like another con?
Bill: Core mark vendex
Bill: A conference lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lolol
Bill: I’ve only seen one cosplayer so far so they won’t be shell shocked leaving.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh theyre leaving ok good lol
Bill: The bathtubs in these rooms are big and really white 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): I brought a bathbomb!
Bill: 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@301927856240459777> the pic Gen posted today from otakon is really good!
Nokri (Marisa): they all really good cosplayers!
Aldus Larian (Jess): With a good photographer!
Nokri (Marisa): nah
Nokri (Marisa): biru i sent payment
Nokri (Marisa): OOF i forgot paypal charges fees rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): Not if you do direct transfer from your bank
Nokri (Marisa): the funds are still transferring into my account, would that have worked to also transfer them out at the same time?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh probably not 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea you'd have to wait for the funds to clear
Bill: Got it.
Nokri (Marisa): nya
Nokri (Marisa): my makeup will match the tights if i put white ben nye on first then pink snazzaroo on top. yehaw.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm very nervous. how long has it been since i've been to a new overnight con <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): 2012? 2013? somethin like that
Aldus Larian (Jess): We here!
Aldus Larian (Jess): You be Otay mawisa 💕
Bill: Woo
Bill: If you have a lot stuff they have carts you can get
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah we're good
Bill: It you!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea das me!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Did you see me doing boomerangs 😂
Nokri (Marisa): **target acquired**
Nokri (Marisa): how funny would it be if i was in the picture looking out one of those windows
Nokri (Marisa): Was there any reason to pack ruby or Blake? If not I’m leaving them home
Bill: You lost fren?
Nokri (Marisa): Did jess get lost <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): What if they were kidnapped
Nokri (Marisa): What if the pool consumed them
Nokri (Marisa): I can’t believe everyone is dead.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I didn't get kidnapped
Nokri (Marisa): Sometimes its like they’re still with us
Nokri (Marisa): Chatting. Memeing.
Nokri (Marisa): I thought we bought the cup ramen but it’s actually the stove kind 😭 im sorry. I can still bring it but I don’t have bowls deep enough to cook them properly
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have some easy mac :3c
Nokri (Marisa): That’s gonna cause a bloodbath
Nokri (Marisa): Is the escape room included in the con or is it extra? I’ve never done an escape room
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It exrra
El🆓de Faun (Tom): AND WOO EACAPE ROOMS
El🆓de Faun (Tom): They fun
Nokri (Marisa): A lot extra? Or like $5?
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve always wanted to go to one for years but can’t really go
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I didn't do it here last year, not sure actually
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I've done others
Andrew: I'd be down to escape room
Nokri (Marisa): that's how u gotta leave the con. they put a pea under three random mattresses in the entire resort and finding those peas reveals a hint to the first clue. no way in and no way out unless the escape is completed.
Nokri (Marisa): 
