Elfriede Faun (Tom): Did you make that tail from wefts?! Nani? <@301927856240459777>
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah I’m tryin ;u;
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): That’s an old picture from a few hours ago. It’s more along now, I’m outside watching this fun neighborhood gathering.
Nokri (Marisa): Outside. Freaky.
Nokri (Marisa): Chatting with the neighbors
Nokri (Marisa): Home again
Tail
Nokri (Marisa): Boy I’m swole
Bill: Did you hunt Rebecca for that tail?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Damn that's crazy yo!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It'll look dope thoN
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So strong 💪
Nokri (Marisa): I hope it look ok ;u; 
Until then imma keep adding as many wefts as humanly possible. Hair is even glued on in parts. 

WEBECCAAAAA SHE IS OK SHE IS A STRIPED RACCOON
Bill: I really dig my look in Jessica even without wig.
Bill: I don’t think I can actually do no wig and be recognized, but I wish I could cause I dig the scarf and jacket.
Bill: Definitely doing a short wig alternate. If not for comfort for “I’m not casual Aizawa damnit”.
Bill: But. I now cosplay casual Aizawa. So.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yo, Vince's Bender looks so fucking good
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YEAH
Bill: I made a new friend despite social anxiety!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YAY
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): That was great! Shes super nice too
Bill: mm.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): The window idea was a good idea
Bill: Best part of it was eventually discussing how talking to strangers is awkward at cons and totally uncomfortable.
Bill: The meta of it was amazing.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh btw did you get her name xD? I forgot and I feel bad. Was it nicki?
Bill: Nicole.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Nicole I was close
Bill: smoltoastcosplay.
Bill: Maybe we will actually run into her again.
Bill: ngl, but I'm really impressed with Anna's Bucky and even if she cranked out Tony I'd want her to do Bucky.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Shes a good bucky
Bill: 
Bill: really good.
Bill: It's a weird compliment but I think of the actor when I see her. She looks so canon not, like. is a dude.
Bill: One with Leanna and everything's backed up and decidedly not a now thing.
Andrew: <@301927856240459777> found my email in the spam folder I'm in
Nokri (Marisa): *spam why*
Nokri (Marisa): what time?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yeah damn came out great
Nokri (Marisa): chiba acosta is happening right now and wow that facial hair is so good
Aldus Larian (Jess): Dang ya
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wow kamuicosplays book on LEDs is really helpful
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): she even explains the physics circuit stuff really well
Andrew: 330 to 4 pm friday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what an inconvenient time to suddenly be motivated to work on cosplay
Andrew: Ohhh this is my most productive time
Andrew: *1230am*
Andrew: Legit tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my ideal thor wig is found but it is 83 dollars oh no
Andrew: damn
Andrew: thats a lot
Andrew: do you ahve to style it?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): not majorly
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): just add some braids to look more thor-ish
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://arda-wigs.com/collections/cl-052-dark-ash-blonde/products/matilda-classic?variant=27836746758
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): she beautiful
Andrew: very nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i _could_ do it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but _should_ i do it
Andrew: thats
Andrew: tough
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres a non lacefront too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://arda-wigs.com/collections/cl-052-dark-ash-blonde/products/luthien-classic?variant=27836671622
Andrew: shop around
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but i really thought that nice hairline was dope
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _you right_ no impulse purchases
Andrew: ive been on guard from those recentgly
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i see what leanna says in the morn, o mighty wig expert
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i could pick up work hours pretty easy this summer so i feel like i should do it but ill see
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): they have 15% off on MONDAY OH
Andrew: then you have until monday to decide
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.amazon.com/Kryssma-Glueless-Replacement-Synthetic-Resistant/dp/B00VUTWH24/ref=sr_1_4?keywords=lacefront%2Bdark%2Bblonde%2Bwig&qid=1558847074&s=beauty&sr=1-4&th=1
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): amazon may have saved me
Andrew: its like me with the boots
Andrew: was goig to go expensive til marisa showed me the boot covers on amazon
Andrew: saved
Andrew: 
Andrew: unrelated meme
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Ohhh yea kryssma wigs are hella nice too, I use them every chance i get because the hair is really realistic looking and not shiny
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Probably better than ardas 83 dollar price tag
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Arda lacefronts have super hard lace too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): They tend to stick up unless you glue them down
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Like really well
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Cause the lace is stiff
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): The hair quality is nice though. But not 80 dollars nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah Arda is so expense man Idk how people regularly get their lacefronts
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea dude I have no idea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Sometimes area is worth it for the extra wefts in the wigs... but the lacefronts are sooooo expensive for no reason
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): The lace is only like 1 inch wide
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Arda is good if you need a thick wig or want to do a lot of heavy styling. But for thor and the braids the Amazon wig you posted has a more lace width and has a more natural hairline than the arda one and is like a third of the cost
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah I like ardas short wigs cause they’re nice and easy to style
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea! The short ones are really good
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And not too expensive
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Non lacefront long ones are pretty ok too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I dont have one of the longer nonlace ones but from what I've seen they look pretty good
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But they kinda expensive too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye that’s my yang and star wigs
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Five wits is where I try to buy my wigs from go
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Five wits is gr9
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I talked to one of the owners at Zenkai
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s just a woman and her wife running it out of their house
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Awww
