Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My com crunch is done, my skin is clear, My crops are thriving
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ur like a fairy tale
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~I'm actually kinda proud of my time management though~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like I thought I'd be cronshing to the end but I over estime the difficulty of things
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And I hit my weight goal today!
N🆗ri (Marisa): WOO!!
N🆗ri (Marisa): Today is Jess day
N🆗ri (Marisa): Good vibes for jess
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): THANK I will pass on my remaining con crunch energy to you
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And Tom
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And Georgia
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But that's it no more
N🆗ri (Marisa): There’s all sorts of chaos in the dangan ronpa group right now. Four people just dropped out and they want everyone to pay the photographer’s cancellation fee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ahhh noooo!
Bill: YAAAAAY JESSSSS
N🆗ri (Marisa): The photographer has a $50 cancellation fee and if we go ahead with the group as it currently is, we’ll only have $56 out of the $110 due to the photog. Some people already paid for the deposit too.
Bill: Oooof
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG wtf noooo
N🆗ri (Marisa): The people dropped out reportedly because they couldn’t pay the $13 per person
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🙃
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But it was stated you'd have to pay since the beginning right?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yup
N🆗ri (Marisa): It’s been out there for weeks, and the photographer only has a cancellation fee for people who cancel after February 1st
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Are you kidding me?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So these people were 5 days past the date
Bill: Sketch man.
N🆗ri (Marisa): our hajime just posted a one minute long inspirational speech lol
truly living up to his character
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~also kind of happy it seems that the characters most strongly related to my character are still in oops~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Well that's good
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'm sad the peko doesn't have her kuzu though <:rip:369476083248267274>
maybe i should bring my monokuma doll i'll ask them if we don't have a monokuma cosplayer
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh nooooo the gundham did cancel dang it
N🆗ri (Marisa): the people who left were even discussing where to meet us 3 hours ago
N🆗ri (Marisa): we didn't talk about money at all in between then
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmmmm
Bill: That’s so dumb.
N🆗ri (Marisa): seriously it's $13. unless they're just cancelling the whole con? but they were making all those plans with us earlier it doesn't make sense.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i feel so bad for the people who already paid
N🆗ri (Marisa): because $50 deposit
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That so shitty
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Don't commit to a group photoshoot not you can't do it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And don't cancel 1.5 weeks before the con
Bill: Yeaaaah hence why I was being annoying about fireball mountain. Which I need to book.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea but that's not for like 4 ? Months?
Bill: Ye. But I still have to put down 100 bucks non refundable.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye
N🆗ri (Marisa): the organizer (who took over after the original organizer dropped out) sounds so devastated. they're chatting by leaving voice messages now for some reason and i just feel so bad you can hear her voice shaking, but we're trying to reassure her that those of us left have her back
N🆗ri (Marisa): oooooooooooooff i can see why you're hesitant on that
Bill: I mean. It’s not a big deal.
Bill: I just wanted some commitment before I did it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Awww poor girl
Bill: When was this?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Nowish
Bill: I mean the shoot lol.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oo noon on Friday
Bill: Oh ye I can’t help with that.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Thanks for zee offer. Our Akane said her boyfriend will take pictures but he’s not a photographer and I said weeks ago I’d take pictures on the side so I offered to help with pics
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oh jalissa....... oh honey............
Bill: PFFT
N🆗ri (Marisa): Can you even get to the gazebo in the morning now that they have scheduled photoshoot gatherings there. Probably not.
Bill: OH MAN.
Bill: I JUST REALIZED PEOPLE MIGHT COSPLAY MR X.
Bill: Leather trench coat, big boots, facepaint... boom. Literally. You’d have to rig speakers up under the jacket to play footsteps when you walk.
Bill: Then you just follow people around all stomping like.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Who's Mr x?
Bill: Resident evil. Big bald dude.
Bill: Marisa would make a good girl in the red dress. 🤔
Bill: Right after we convince Ash to be Commander.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Your not wrong 🤔
Bill: My thing is being right remember. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Dirty Lego (Tom): Pfft sure 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What is Jesse's ab work out I need it
Dirty Lego (Tom): I need it too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like damn
Bill: mm. She cute.
N🆗ri (Marisa): A mood
N🆗ri (Marisa): o snap i know what i'm getting for any pool cons
Bill: das cute!
Dirty Lego (Tom): YEAH
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh yeah who was my secret santa for the party
will the world ever know that mystery
Bill: That’s not a flattering view of her side.
N🆗ri (Marisa): it looks like she's internally freaking out about a bug on her shoulder but trying to play it cool for the camera
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oof zenkaikon attendance is down 36% so far this year
N🆗ri (Marisa): THAT SHADE AT ANIMENEXT THO
