Nokri (Marisa): OH BOY i just got a random instagram message!! from someone i don't know!! asking if i'm going to animenext! 👀 this is terrifying and exciting
Bill: who?
Nokri (Marisa): it's a photographer i think 👀 👀
Nokri (Marisa): aoisenko
Elfriede Faun (Tom): wooo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): exciting
Nokri (Marisa): it is a photog 👀
they seem really familiar but i don't recall ever meeting them
Nokri (Marisa): we don't follow each other though, and they didn't like or comment on any of my posts so idk what they want 🙀 am nervous about talking to strangers
Nokri (Marisa): will respond in............................... 15 minutes
Bill: you talk to stranger photographers all the time though.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What why username
Bill: aoisenko
Bill: She said it.
Nokri (Marisa): but i'm always the one initiating contact and i do insane stalker levels of research into them beforehand
Nokri (Marisa): at a glance they pass the non creep test
Nokri (Marisa): they seem nice
Nokri (Marisa): i responded afsghfj
Nokri (Marisa): time to go build a city in minecraft
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): O I thought that was a random Japanese word ahaaaa
Bill: It kinda is but not in any meaningful way.
Bill: focus on the physics, you can be a functional member of society after that.
Bill: maybe. :3c
Nokri (Marisa): oh he's offering paid shoots
<:thinku:543194478614413318>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I always thought that was odd, photographers messaging you to ask you to hire them
Nokri (Marisa): yeah it's a bit off putting
Nokri (Marisa): i assume he's going through the animenext tag and messaging every cosplayer posting there
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oof
Nokri (Marisa): i dont wanna be rude ;u; i told him i didn't know what i was cosplaying yet
Nokri (Marisa): maaaaan i got all excited thinking it was a "hey, i like your x costume and was interested in shooting!" but of course not ;u;
Bill: Oof
Bill: I mentioned to that person I met at college a few times when she cosplays Leon again I’d shoot it, but.
Bill: Different things.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah
this guy was basically saying
"are you going to animenext?"
"yeah"
"if you want to book a shoot i can send you my rates"
<:hmm:543194383885926403>
Nokri (Marisa): kinda feels like a punch in the gut
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Awww mawisa I sowwy that happen to you 😭
Nokri (Marisa): is ok! is not a bad thing :0
Bill: What a tool.
Nokri (Marisa): ye that's me!
Bill: Stop.
Bill: Don’t make it sound like I’m insulting you. 😭
Nokri (Marisa): sorry i'm just beating myself up for being an idiot with issues
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nope nope nope
Bill: Your allowed to get excited by a message silly.
Nokri (Marisa): i did get invited to join a cosplay group! they said they were east coast but all the cons they talk about are at least as far as colossalcon <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): You smart. Good friend. Good person. Great cosplay. 10/10 person
Nokri (Marisa): is jess! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nooo I was too slow
Nokri (Marisa): i think discord is glitched the reacts keep disappearing <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: I feel that way from some notifications too. I get all hype thinking it’s one thing and get disappointed.
Nokri (Marisa): i've never heard of photogs doing that on insta, i've only seen it on facebook where they comment "wow i like this character! I'll shoot it for $80 here's my signup sheet"
Bill: It’s really odd. They just must be super desperate and LAME.
Nokri (Marisa): no they looked really cool and had over 1000 followers
Nokri (Marisa): personalized marketing strategy
Nokri (Marisa): oh he actually has very reasonable prices though!! $30 for half hour, 10-20 images
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah I'd feel the same tho
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like yeay they like.my Leo cosplay! Noone even recognizes it unless I'm at a tekken tournament! (And even they they ask me what character I am sometimes <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> )
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And then nah fam
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Just asking for the monies
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I guess it is possible that they did actually like that cosplay too and just didn't wanna shoot for free
Bill: Yeeee
Bill: huh.
Bill: A non con cosplay burlesque.
Nokri (Marisa): Cosplay burlesque is technically a guest at conventions, they have to be invited and are given all guest privileges (a handler, a table in the dealers hall, panels, etc.) so it makes sense they do non-con stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dunellen is 15 mins from skool wow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): deadline to order otakon badges and have them mailed to you is today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): in case anyone wanted to super confirm theyre going to ota
Bill: Did I order one.
Bill: Shit.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh mine won't get mailed cuz I only got 2-day
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@351785752197201920>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I gotta check
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whaaat they only mail 3 day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats lame
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh wait maybe not?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): says it can be added
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh wait no yeah
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): full weekend only
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *"Mailed badges are only available for Full Weekend (Supporting Members)."*
Aldus Larian (Jess): oof we thought we already got them but we didnt
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats another $190 😭
Nokri (Marisa): They haven’t got the minimum number of registrations to cut it off before the deadline? Scary
Bill: 190?
Bill: Ah.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oof i forgot to get mine... i better get on that
Bill: ~~there's a 13 dollar charge for mail badges so it'll be even more~~
Bill: Yeah I just bought mine.
Bill: The mail badge is 100% worth though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): for 2
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no answer from nasa yet... i could probably buy an otakon badge, even if i get a last minute call ill probably be able to make it
Aldus Larian (Jess): MONEY STRESS AHHHH
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): MOOD
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> https://petapixel.com/2019/05/14/why-photographers-arent-getting-paid/
Nokri (Marisa): Wow, Bill is the reason photographers aren’t getting paid.
Nokri (Marisa): Did you tag me because you’re admitting your guilt
Bill: Actually now that I think about it you were working for 'free' with sewing not photos but YOU.
Nokri (Marisa): The article is all about you <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: ~~I only shoot the same half dozen people so I'm only ruining your expectations of what you should have to pay for photos~~
Bill: ~~I'm also better than anyone else in our circles if I don't say so myself, so love me feed me, never leave me~~
Nokri (Marisa): I just YOLO’d a really big part of this dress and it came out beautifully I’m shook. Arguably one of my best pieces. Can’t wait to mess it up beyond repair down the line.
Bill: OOH
Bill: AMAZING MAWISA
Bill: Whatcha working on?
Nokri (Marisa): AHA there it is there’s something I messed up on
Nokri (Marisa): Raphtalia
Nokri (Marisa): I steamed the pleats with metal pins in it and they became rusty and left marks on the fabric <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): Pleats are the reason I will never work in a high end department store
They’re easy to do but wow do they suck
Bill: Oh Sailor skirts got it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~unrelated to that~~ but for ota we were all planning to do fri-sun?
Bill: Room's are thursday-sunday.
Bill: I was planning that cause bum rushing on friday morning was hell coming from Sussex.
Nokri (Marisa): Not sailor skirt pleats but same idea <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: Wow.
Nokri (Marisa): I cleaned the mirror I promise
Nokri (Marisa): The specks must be ghosts
Bill: That is the cutest sewing gremlin I've ever seen. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): Thanks it’s the octopus from zenkai’s under the sea theme that they just decided to keep every year after. That’s why it’s there again.
Bill: the mirror in our hallway is worse than that.
Nokri (Marisa): Too many ghosts in your hallway
Bill: We're getting rid of it, eventually.
Nokri (Marisa): That’s even more cursed though
Bill: But it has better light than my closet mirror so I always end up in the hallway when I need said mirror.
Nokri (Marisa): That’s the other side beckoning you over
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): hopefully cap marvel will be here for ota o3o
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i can make ota a marvel weekend xD
Bill: Still plans to do Genderbenders at Ota?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Widow *should* be in by Ota
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): can't wait to die of heat exhaustion! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ye but i dont need to worry about cap at all
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): cause tis done
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): did your shield come in yet?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): YEA SAME ERIK
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh it'll be here in about 3 days
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): noice
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but everything else is here and all set
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and the electromagnet?
Bill: Assuming I can get the wog sorted out... Timberlands come tomorrow and I can wear leather all of outkon.
Bill: I don't match but.
Bill: Close enough.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): magnets gonna be a bit longer
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but itll be here before cap marvel
Bill: doing cap marvel or Yang Marvel?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~both? maybe?~~ yang wig might literally kill me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): pleather + yang wig?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): in otakon heat?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: Yang, in Captain Marvel:
Yang, to Blake: "I am the captain now"
Blake: "Yes Captain"

And there was much ~~sex~~ rejoicing
Nokri (Marisa): The con is air conditioned eyyy
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): EYYYYYYYYYY
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but is it good enough AC
Bill: We're not in the same hotel though <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): Pppppprobably?
Bill: Not for leather.
Nokri (Marisa): Is there even a hotel attached to the con center
Bill: Ye.
Nokri (Marisa): It was fine for leather in Baltimore
Bill: The Marriott.
Bill: We stayed there lol.
Bill: The first year.
Nokri (Marisa): Ooooo that’s the place Courtney had us in?
Bill: Yeah.
Nokri (Marisa): That was connected? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: I can technically get rooms there. For 600 a night.
Nokri (Marisa): OH UEAH underground
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): nice! kalahari pricing!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): minus the water park
Bill: And Kalahari's group block rate is insanely good.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): remember to not bring a bag into the con center lest you want to wait in line con going betwixt the hotel and the con center
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ahhhh
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): luckily femcap has pockets now
Bill: Guard: 
Me:
Me: It's a lens in my pocket, I'm not happy to see you.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LOL
Nokri (Marisa): Just remember to leave two hours before you have to be somewhere
Nokri (Marisa): Maybe you’ll make it on time
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ive never been to ota, this is gonna be an experience huh?
Nokri (Marisa): Really!!!????!??
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yeeep
Nokri (Marisa): Is gonna be fun!
Nokri (Marisa): I do miss the BCC though that was great. Con goers abused it so much though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): BCC? <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): What time
Nokri (Marisa): Baltimore convention center <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): Where it was held until ~3 years ago? 4 years ago?
Nokri (Marisa): My first Otakon was 2010ish so whenever I think of ota I think of Baltimore first
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oooo!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I keep thinking the MM people are gonna be there again and then remembering they aren't 😭
Bill: correction, I can get rooms in the con center for twice the price via chase.
Bill: ~~though I had a scare it was only 20 bucks more and THAT might have been jump worthy~~
Bill: *gags*
Bill: 3000 dollars.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I haven't posted to insta in like 40 years
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 3000 dollars
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): jklsahlfkshda
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): WHAT
Bill: Non con rate.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): -screams-
Nokri (Marisa): what a bargain
Bill: and that's even discounted cause of booking through my rewards program.
Bill: Staying in a big city *sucks*.
Bill: NYC is just as bad.
Nokri (Marisa): Least there’s no more matsuri so we don’t have to pay for Wednesday-Sunday
Bill: I should be needling Jess to try and get her to do Daredevil... :3c
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): okay well that sells it fem  thor gona have a utility belt
Bill: Tho actually, whenever I think about 'what if someone did another character from Defenders', I keep thinking of Kilgrave as not genderswapped.
Bill: I always have to go 'wait, need a girl for that'.
Bill: ~~Ya'll going to leave me to suffer with the camera equipment in the line I use to photo you?~~
Bill: ~~I see how it is~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wat
Bill: You mentioned daredevil as a potential entry to the marvel stuff. I was joking that I should be trying to convincing you to do it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea I got that part
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theyre weenies about prop check too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): gosh they analyzed my pyrrha sword FOREVER
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't get the crossed out part
Bill: Everyone's talking about ways to get around the bag check lines at Otakon.
Bill: I can't really ditch my bag if I'm shooting.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I didn't realize it was in reference to that
Bill: yeye
Bill: speaking of... I think I actually do want yet another camera backpack.
Bill: One with a back opening that lets you access everything from the same side.
Bill: The sideways pockets are neat on mine but they're clunky for someone who uh. Over packs.
Bill: like dis.
Bill: "Tactical patches that everyone loves" Sure those are cool but how do you use those.
Aldus Larian (Jess): What's a tactical patch
Bill: 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The Velcro?
Bill: Ye. I guess you can buy pouches designed to attach to it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ve only seen people use those for patches
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): is it velcro? or those elastic loop things?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): that you can like shove stuff in
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i cant TELL
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): is that in the back?
Bill: strip things are on the back, the case opens from the side that rests on your back.
Aldus Larian (Jess): wait patch or pouch?
Bill: looks like not velcro.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's for MOLLE attachments
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh yeah those loopies
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye Sam showed me his from the military
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/MOLLE
Aldus Larian (Jess): you can put moles in them wow
Aldus Larian (Jess): did Georgia take all the MM pics at zenkai?
Bill: yes.
Aldus Larian (Jess): coo thank
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I forgot about this one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dats a good one
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Bill: https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1140971-REG/lowepro_lp36874_pro_runner_bp_350.html I kinda like this... no side pocket access, but makes makes use of the same amount of space I have in the current one.
Bill: The tactical one is another 100 bucks, but has side access.
Bill: with the mail in rebate actually they're pretty similar.
Bill: Though I should really be not lazy and go to B&H after work and see them in person.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ye, thats prob your best bet
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): seeing them in person will help your decision making
Bill: Yeah. It's mostly I dunno if I wanna go up to the larger size.
Bill: They both have 350 (which is the same as my backpack now) but also 450 and I'm a *bit* of an over packer.
Bill: But like, I can fit everything I need to right now and it's not like extra space is going to do anything for me if there's nothing in it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dawww Justin made 9Ass his profile pic
Bill: That he did.
Bill: I have taken many of those.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): justin was worried about 9s for a while
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): he wanted it perfect
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and he was worried he wouldnt be good enough for us 😢
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): he mustve been v happy to make 9s his new profile pic
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): nOoooOO 😭
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): AWWWWWW
Bill: That shoot was a mess too, after you froze out at Zeikani’s I was too worried about you to really enjoy being outside more.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Eh I still had funsies
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And we were a bamf group
Bill: Was a good group just.
Bill: Worry.
Bill: You don’t have A2 in any of your future plans tho do you?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _i treat Justin like I should be watching over him but he’s 25 lmao_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Not the NIER future <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I know what upgrades I wanna make
Bill: Summer would be the time to wear her.
Bill: Whenever of course, just glad you weren’t turned off by the whole Katsu ice barrens experience.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oof katsu was rough
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah katsi was rough oof
Bill: Too crowded for the elegant indoors and and too cold for outside.
Bill: For Nier.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hmm I actually have motivation to think about cosplay for the first time in like 2 months woe
Nokri (Marisa): What’s your next cosplay
Aldus Larian (Jess): Uhhh idk
Nokri (Marisa): *but jess*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Think <@351785752197201920> and I are doing some form of CC and Lelouch but he started doing stuff for link so idk what happening
Aldus Larian (Jess): O honestly haven't gotten any cosplay feels in a while 😭
Nokri (Marisa): Might be AnimeNEXT in the air
You gonna do Zelda? OwO
I’ve been on a big sewing binge today but the more I work the more upset it makes me <:rip:369476083248267274>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well he's doing barbarian link? So idk what to do to match thay
Nokri (Marisa): A boulder
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao yes
Bill: Oh I said I’d look at Spinazaku didn’t I.
Bill: Obligatory daredevil?
Bill: <@!334090409389195266> imma bring wog to laser tag make sure I yeet it to you for Jones.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Okoe dokie
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Eh idk still weary on the pleather
Bill: Do spandex instead?
Bill: Or scarf head?
Bill: Oooooog shooting that fight scene in the hallway from season 1 could be coooool
Bill: I don’t remember it well but I remembering it being unique and stylistic.
Bill: Oh the problem must be that Jess has peaked at mystic messenger. She can have her husbandos and be her husbandos. :3c
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont think i looks good in crossplay D:
Bill: I’m also kidding silly. But you do look good!
Bill: I still really liked your Seven. And V.
Bill: I feel like you did actual V and not just swim V at some point?
Bill: Or am I confusing sweater for MC with sweater for V.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no i did full V for like 30 mins
Bill: It did exist okay.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i look ok as V
Bill: You good V!
Aldus Larian (Jess): look meh as seven and realy bad as unknown
Bill: Takes a V to know a V!
Bill: Your Seven was good.
Aldus Larian (Jess): thank
Bill: Unknown didn’t quite click, I’ll give you that. It’s not my favorite.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my arms are too fat, and the color bunch up my neck fat 😭
Bill: I was terribly preoccupied the day you wore it though so it’s a bit of a blur.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah it was bad.
Aldus Larian (Jess): prob best you dont remember it
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~plus tom looks so much better~~
Bill: I’m just saying I don’t remember well. I’m being honest with Seven and V, and honest with unknown too.
Bill: ~~he’s your husband I hope you like him in leather~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): D: its minimal leather!
Bill: *But he look good in it*
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): he looks good in everything!
Aldus Larian (Jess): he even looks good as a damn woman
Bill: That is true but we’re talking about mystic messenger cosplay.
Bill: What, poppy?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean its not my FAV but he still looks good
Bill: >.> eeeeeh. He’s got a masculine enough face it doesn’t work for me. But I know him well.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol
Bill: Lol Anna asked me if I was okay with her drawing the post Leanna did today.
Bill: She didn’t realize I did the uraraka photo of Georgia apparently.
