Bill: I'm getting more hits than usual when I post to insta, so if any of you want to block time... Get on it.
Nokri (Marisa): Hewwo
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dun know my cosplays, i slack worse and worse every con
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hhhhhh I am doing Toga
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Possibly a rwby variant
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I think there’s Toga in the pipeline so I don’t really have to nab a slot
Nokri (Marisa): Bill if you’re not interested in a shoot with me, it’s ok, but I’d like to know so I can find someone else
Bill: We... booked a shoot.
Bill: 11:30 saturday, Yona.
Bill: Or did you not want to do it?
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Oh  right, Chise.
Nokri (Marisa): If you don’t wanna is ok
Bill: Slipped my mind.
Bill: ~~I'm talking to everyone whose not sure yet, not you~~
Bill: I *do* want to shoot Chise. =T
Nokri (Marisa): wait shoot
i'm really sorry
now that the rwby shoot is saturday morn i might not wear yona until later
very very sorry
Bill: No sorry.
Bill: It fine, we'll just move it.
Bill: When are you wearing Yona then?
Nokri (Marisa): sorry
Nokri (Marisa): uuUUhhhhhHHh lets see
Bill: As for Chise, I'm not sure how exhausted I'll be Sunday and when we'll leave.
Bill: that's why I haven't said sure x time.
Nokri (Marisa): oki, I'm editing the rwby meetup now and then i'll check my schedule
i'll be around all of sunday so take yer time and if you're tired that's cool
Nokri (Marisa): between 1:30 and 2:15
or after 5:30
looks free

sunday im considering advertising more photoshoots for but i was also considering leaving around 2:30-3. i'm on the fence.
Bill: I can do the 1:30 to 2:15!
Bill: Saturday still right?
Nokri (Marisa): yyyyyyyyyyes
i sshhhould have time to change for that yeah
Bill: I flexible in afternoon time so if you wanna shift slightly we can.
Bill: Also Georgia skipping Toga is understandable, just had to check, and I mean even if you want a time frame Jess. If you don't know what the cosplay is, I *guess* since I love you and Tom I can let that slide. :3
Aldus Larian (Jess): but what if i have to cancel it D:
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean shooting is fun
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I just don’t wanna take up the time when it’s a cosplay that’s been shot
Bill: Lee we might have room for Wish and her friend. Dave and Georgia dropped.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): :o
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh shit
Nokri (Marisa): we'll still have 3 people sleeping on the floor though?
Bill: I'll keep you in mind if there's time Georgia. It'll probably be the last chance to shoot till Katsu, now that you mention it.
Nokri (Marisa): so with two more it'd be 5?
Bill: Kalahari there's two beds and a sofabed.
Nokri (Marisa): OH for CCE
Bill: We're talking about CCE, not Ota.
Bill: :3
Nokri (Marisa): i was like "finally, someone's listening to my sardine tin advice"
Kaio Vermino (Lee): LMAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): marisa running this show now
Bill: Not a chance in hell smol one.
Nokri (Marisa): pack 'em in
Kaio Vermino (Lee): No way fam
Nokri (Marisa): the emoji represent our hotel room
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: I have Yona at 1:30 Mawisa, I'm putting Chise at noon but like I said it's a little flexy at the moment, if that's alright.
Nokri (Marisa): is perfect thank u i owe u my life
Bill: no u
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Bill: no jess
Aldus Larian (Jess): me?
Nokri (Marisa): u
Bill: u
Bill: Lee I gotta sleep but I can double check CCE tomorrow for Wish. I was talking to Nick and Allison about going, but that wasn't anything concrete. (unless you'd rather not have Wish in the same rooms, given everything at Katsu, you come first)
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I think itll be fine, shes past that crush now so its died down but yea if you could double check and let me know that would be fabulous <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i think im just gonna wear toga saturday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): changing is too much work
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oop i ordered LEDs to put in Toga on a whim
Bill: Lani and the Ruby at Next next to answer me back.
Nokri (Marisa): this is gonna be a really tiny rwby meetup, i feel like have it sunday would've been much better
Nokri (Marisa): no one's awake at 9am <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~I doubt I will be~~
Bill: Sorry Mawisa.
Nokri (Marisa): ~~why didn't anyone else mention that when i brought it up~~
Nokri (Marisa): you'll be awake when i wake you up <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: I had lost track of the time change.
Bill: I didn't realize till this morning you changed the time.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah it was written in the post in bne
Nokri (Marisa): or under it in the discussion
Nokri (Marisa): people said saturday early morning was better than sunday at 11?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~I plan on getting there on Saturday so I probably won't make it either~~
Nokri (Marisa): i'm not complaining about the time, i'm just sad for the people i know are cosplaying rwby and can't make it that early
yeah like erik
Bill: Sunday isn't good either, cause (mortal people, unlike cosplay goddess named Marisa) are either barely awake, trying to get their room moved out, too tired to cosplay...
Nokri (Marisa): it's basically gonna be mark and I and maybe two other people if we're lucky, even though we have the biggest room <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: RIP
Nokri (Marisa): whaaa
so many people cosplay sunday
doesn't everyone load the car on saturday night <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Yeah, I know what you mean Mawisa. You want the event to be for everyone but it's so late to host one it's hard to do that.
Bill: ~~Also literally no one I've talked to has an actual plan for Otakon it's just vague ideas and dreams~~
Bill: Dan, Lanie, Lani...
Nokri (Marisa): most people i know have concrete plans but they keep rearranging them, like swapping friday night and saturday morning costumes or stuff
Bill: Otakon snuck up on people this year IMO.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): All cons snuck up on me this year
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Am I old?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Maybe
Bill: I dunno but I feel old.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Blech
Nokri (Marisa): haha old people
Nokri (Marisa): i don't feel like it snuck up but 11 years of cons does that to ya
Bill: I suggest we do BNHA at ANYC this year tho. The new season'll have started and we can do internship arc characters,. <@!386874959009415170> <@!351785752197201920> <@!351471675843411978> @anyoneelse
Nokri (Marisa): didn't you cancel the hotel for that?
Bill: yes, we day tripped last year and I'm assuming we will again.
Nokri (Marisa): oh rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): i feel like the time/day wont make a difference i think11 and sunday will have same turnout as saaturday at 9
Aldus Larian (Jess): we did bnha at anyc last year tho
Nokri (Marisa): one day tickets to that are only $10 less than a weekend pass
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless we doin hero suits or somethin
Bill: True but I need a reason to use Fatgum. Or Mirio again. RIP Mirio.
Bill: ~~and Kaminari wow this cosplay thing is falling apart around me~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): then wear them!
Bill: and I doubt we doing much at CCE.
Bill: It's boring cosplaying a series alone.
Nokri (Marisa): i thought everyone had a full line up for cce
Bill: Yeah, but swimsuits and stuff.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont have any line ups XD
Nokri (Marisa): *jess*
Nokri (Marisa): swimsuits and stuff?
Bill: Not like, full cosplays.
Nokri (Marisa): ?
Nokri (Marisa): do you mean non-canon? because only one of my swimsuits is gonna be non-canon
Bill: I mean big complicated cosplays don't play well with water.
Bill: Like hero suits or armor.
Aldus Larian (Jess): alot of people take creative liberates with the swimsuit cosplay, especially for stuff there is no canon for
Bill: ye.
Nokri (Marisa): fake fans <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): but it's still cosplay ya?
what's the difference between swimsuit or armor if it's all cosplay
Bill: I'm not wearing fatgum in *water* that's why.
Nokri (Marisa): but what if the jacket inflates and makes you look more like him <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: or it gets ruined and smells like chlorine forever.
Nokri (Marisa): such is the risk of cosplay
Aldus Larian (Jess): does bnha have a canon swimsuit?
Nokri (Marisa): ye
Bill: Tsuyu does at least.
Nokri (Marisa): there's the school uniforms from the pool episode
and then there's merchandise with more varied outfits
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh nice
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): o erik got it, yee
Aldus Larian (Jess): *cries in average boob size~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): is anyone doing non gender bent bnha at cce?
Nokri (Marisa): i could do ochako, don't think i could make tsuyu's in time. bathing suits are a pain to make
Bill: Only thing I have in mind is Fat Thor.
Bill: Open to ideas, but.
Nokri (Marisa): do love live with me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm doing Kiri at CCE!
Nokri (Marisa): fun group cosplay idea for cce
Tikur (Kurtis): Heck yes
Nokri (Marisa): which one do you wanna be?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Omg I forgot about that
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Cursed code geass
Tikur (Kurtis): For maximum cursed I'm feeling emerald borat
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): dibs on the one with the long legs
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats all of them
Nokri (Marisa): he's going to cosplay all of them at once
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: I'll do pricing for CCE later. We have 12 again, I had asked Nick and Allison the other day since (before Wish needed space) we didn't know anyone else to fill for Georgia and Dave. Expect more pricy than last year, they upped the fee for 5th and 6th guests in rooms from 35 to 50. I'm estimating that's around 10~15 bucks a night.
Nokri (Marisa): what's the pricing for otakon
Andrew: ^
Bill: Oh right that's totally different.
Bill: Fuck.
Bill: I don't have that document on my work laptop, ping me tonight to check.
Bill: err to do it.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm so sorry but this is maybe one of the worst photography ads i've seen
Nokri (Marisa): it looks like it was made in a microsoft office mobile app
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's an accurate assumption
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Omg lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): looks like someone coded it in HTML after 1 day
Andrew: XD
Nokri (Marisa): tries to sneakily post on facebook
immediately busted by andru
Andrew: lol im scroilling rn
Andrew: gotta help your ad
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Gotcha
Nokri (Marisa): Who dis? :0
Andrew: a cute kiwi.cos
Andrew: some kind of fruit
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo idk
Nokri (Marisa): O they’re in the bnha group
Kaio Vermino (Lee): oh yea they are anna's friend
El🆓de Faun (Tom): :0
Nokri (Marisa): :0
Nokri (Marisa): which is lazier:
hand sewing the rest of this shirt and dress
or winding a new bobbin, putting new thread in, and sewing it on the machine

i don't feel like re-threading the machine so i'm gonna spend an hour hand sewing instead
Nokri (Marisa): sacrifice 5 minutes of laziness for an hour of labor
smart
Andrew: oh yea sewing
Nokri (Marisa): i would be done by now if i just threaded it
but i'm too lazy
Nokri (Marisa): so i hand sew
Nokri (Marisa): I absolutely butchered it but this wig better
Nokri (Marisa): I’m sweating in the bathroom Otakon is gonna be so sweaty
On one hand, Morgiana is arguably one of the coolest and best costumes I own. On the other hand, thin fabric gets wet and see through very easily so maybe I shouldn’t bring her.
Aldus Larian (Jess): looks good to me!
Nokri (Marisa): Ye it’s a lot better than the old wig
I got the other one before “Yona wig”s were sold and there wasn’t really anything similar. This is a wig specifically for Yona
Nokri (Marisa): I got Otakon badge <:rise:582318089228648456>
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAYY!
Nokri (Marisa): This lanyard chafes my neck just by looking at it
Nokri (Marisa): Another girl named Marisa booked me for a shoot how funny would it be if she shows up and we just start fighting to the death
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in the same cosplay
Aldus Larian (Jess): while cosplaying marisa
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH she’s doing Madoka but we do share a lot of the same costumes based on her profile.
I pull out a prop knife
Nokri (Marisa): We show up cosplaying Marisa but ones Ballroom e Youkoso Marisa and the other is Touhou Project Marisa
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisacon 2.0
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): this marisa
smh
confirms photoshoot for a specific time after seeing my ad
gets back to me later, "by the way, how long is the shoot and how much does it cost and how many photos will I be getting?"
<:hmm:543194383885926403>
Nokri (Marisa): good questions but. i thought we sorted this out
Nokri (Marisa): i will win this fight easily
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Which ones Marisa? The red one?
Nokri (Marisa): the blonde owo
The red one is Reimu and when I cosplayed her, some fanboy came up to me and said "you're not Marisa. You're Reimu," because my convention badge said marisa on it so i was like <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): he was oozing 'you're a fake fan' vibes
Aldus Larian (Jess): Fight him
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): $118.57?
Bill: Ye.
Bill: WOW CCE negotated the price hike on resort fee and extra guests back to the original prices.
Bill: Fucking LOVE CCE.
Bill: Same price as last year.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yay! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Since the values are the same, I'm not redoing all the math.
Bill: ~~Cause rooms have been stressing me the fuck out and I wanna be done for the year~~
Bill: 
Andrew: naisu. My friends room at the conencted one is over 200 per person
Nokri (Marisa): ye courtney's is $300 a person <:rip:369476083248267274>
Andrew: oh god
Nokri (Marisa): for ota
Andrew: we went with her the last time right? wasnt it like 100 something
Nokri (Marisa): 2 years ago
they couldn't get in the booking page this year and could only get a suite
Andrew: 118 is a blessed price
Bill: Everything is sorted out for CCE and Ota hotel wise. Ota hotel parking looks like 49 a night by default, fuck DC but valet.
