Bill: Talked to Flora and Zeikani about shooting Kotori.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Ooo flora will be there?? She always is idk why I’m surprised but that’s exciting. 
Idk the second person but I hope they go to Zenkaikon
Bill: lol
Bill: Photographer girl I've been following for awhile. Very friendly, but we've never actually talked.
Bill: *Also knows Finn*
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Oh yeah finninyan will probably be there too maybe?
Bill: idk.
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> you're going right?
Bill: Flora missed the last two years because of Mag being the same weekend, fair reason to be surprised.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): a n d r u g o
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Two years ago was also that huge snowstorm so the con was deserted
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Omg that’s when whatshisface kept asking everyone for a ride
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Tobias?
Bill: oh the creep.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): He was at the con in a snowstorm with no way home and was real weird about casually asking everyone for a ride
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I was with a friend who was underage and he asked her too like ok u can stop now
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): He didn’t know her
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Are you gonna try their speed dating style friendship thing because I’m considering it but it was a lot of awkward last time I did
Bill: god no.
Bill: *I should*
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Imagine the cringe
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I feel like it’d be like working
Bill: But I'm like, a snarl of angst these days and I just got *over* being depressed all day so I'll stick to angst.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Just start roasting the person opposite you like a turkey on thanksgiving morning
Bill: ... *Actually doing something like that would be in my benefit and I'd probably angst over it more by not doing it because Hopeless Me ™ needs every opportunity I can get even if they'llallinevitablyfail and trying is worth brownie points in my mental space*
Bill: But also everyone at cons is gay so.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): They have it twice, you could spectate the first one maybe
But yeah expect it to be lots of fujoshi and creeps and poor naive children
Bill: 1. Male creeps
2. LGBTQXYZ
3. ???
4. Don't profit
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The A in LGBTQA+ isn’t for allies thats part of the plus ;3c
Bill: 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not everyone is gay
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): there plenty of straight guys <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: *He's all yours*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nope i have one thanks
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Decline of video gaming gif, classic
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh yeah I saw Flora marked going
Andrew: Yes I'm going to zenkai for dure
Bill: ~~kotori~~
Andrew: No not kotork
Andrew: Unless I call out
Bill: -_-
Bill: You knew.
