Aldus Larian (Jess): <@334090409389195266>  I'm at my parents house and Bennie and the Jets is on and I just want you to know you will not be associated with that song
Aldus Larian (Jess): In my mind
Kaio Vermino (Lee): LOL
Kaio Vermino (Lee): GOOD
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Totally wild unexpected George
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): IT ME
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I窶冦 the thumbnail!
Bill: I think I'm going to go to that comic con in morristown on a fucking whim wow!
Nokri (Marisa): more zenkaikon drama oh boy
that convention is headed in a bad direction. all cons are.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 沽ｭ
Aldus Larian (Jess): what happen now>
Nokri (Marisa): if i share y'all gotta keep it here
Nokri (Marisa): it's still developing
Aldus Larian (Jess): what happens in aurii stays in aurii <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Nokri (Marisa): the assistant head of exhibits had her convention e-mail deactivated without warning, and when she asked the con chair why that happened she was told she was no longer the assistant head. that's not a position that gets changed around at will, to lose the assistant head title you either have to resign or do something really really bad and be fired from the con. so she said "i don't remember resigning," to which the con chair said "are you saying you haven't left exhibits?"
when she said no, she had no intention of leaving or switching, the con chair didn't respond. but the assistant head is a girl that butts heads with a lot of people (in a good way, if that makes sense. she's like devils advocate and made a lot of good changes for the con) and a lot of people have wanted her gone from the con while she's been slowly getting more 'power' so maybe someone is trying to get rid of her and replace her with someone else?
also by deleting her e-mail it deletes all the correspondance she's had with dealers and artists

these staffers are bringing politics into the con where it doesn't belong. they think because they're a head of a department at another con that they should have more authority at zenkaikon when that's not how it works.
Aldus Larian (Jess): wtffff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): woooooow
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): twf
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *wtf
Andrew: too much drama at these things
El氣電e Faun (Tom): yeah
El氣電e Faun (Tom): all cons arent doing so great
El氣電e Faun (Tom): idk whats up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Marisa be watching this unfold like
