Nokri (Marisa): i took less than 3000 pictures over the weekend ;-;
what happened to the days of 5000+ pictures
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WAOH
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't even really do that many photoshoots at cons i had over 5k they were mostly impromptu stuff and hallshots
how the tables turn
El🆓de Faun (Tom): i took liike 4 hall shots
El🆓de Faun (Tom): imma sham
Nokri (Marisa): shazam
Bill: Hall shots are useless if you don’t post to the Facebook groups.
Bill: Your count probably went down cause you weren’t at the big group shoots.
Bill: I used to clock 3-4K consistently but when I went private shoot exclusive it dropped to 1~1.5k.
Nokri (Marisa): i always posted to facebook pages
Nokri (Marisa): i went to a few group shoots, i couldn't take pictures at the rwby one though i was too busy keeping count
El🆓de Faun (Tom): yall see honda san?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): most important cosplayer
Nokri (Marisa): where's the yaoi
Nokri (Marisa): hi welcome to 5 minute speed edits without my tablet pen because i can't find it
Nokri (Marisa): rip
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): woah
El🆓de Faun (Tom): good fucking speed edits
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Nokri (Marisa): i purposefully reddened georgia up to make her spookier but georgia if u don't like it i can un-red you
Nokri (Marisa): im gonna
search for the pen tomorrow <:pwease:555585508819075112> i hope i find it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): im sure you will
El🆓de Faun (Tom): it couldnt have gone far
Nokri (Marisa): I HAVE THE TABLET
I ALWAYS KEPT THE PEN IN THE TABLET
BUT IT FELL SO THE PEN MUST'VE FALLEN OUT SOMEHWERE
BUT I DON'T SEE IT
Nokri (Marisa): i went upstairs to get my replacement tablet and that pen is missing too haha rip
El🆓de Faun (Tom): aghghhh
Nokri (Marisa): i hope people post rwby meetup pics i wanna see what i look like in the arms of an awesome yang
Andrew: Pcd has not hit yet I'm worried
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): O I like!!!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I like red!!!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Maybe a lil brighter so my features don’t get lost
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Whoa so good :O
Bill: RWBY shoot at CCE, Saturday afternoon or another time for anyone who'd be going?
Bill: I don't think that conflicts with any plans.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that *should* be fine for me?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): when did we wanna do MM?
Aldus Larian (Jess): you said you're doing BNHA friday right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): since u mentioned Saturday I was kinda tentatively putting MM there?
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless you're planning on more than 1 cosplay a day
Bill: I figured MM in the morning, rwby closer to 4-5.
Bill: ~~also wasn't sure everyone here would do RWBY~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea rwby low on my priority list
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I wasn't quite sure either. Not sure if you guys typically cosplay Sunday of CCE
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I know I didn't last year
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea sundays a crap shoot, i didnt last year i dont think
Aldus Larian (Jess): i porb wont do anything before noon lol
Bill: Ye I can't in good faith put RWBY on sunday.
Bill: I'm not sure what I would cosplay for RWBY, I just wanted to put it at the most convenient time for us. If we happen to show up in MM, it doesn't matter.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean it sounds like a good time for a shoot im just not making any promises ill be there in nora lol
Bill: That's absolutely fine.
Bill: It's just a good social opportunity so I definitely want to do it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~do rwby earlier and MM later so i can wake up~~
Bill: ~~rwby is more likely to turn into a mingle session than MM tho~~
Bill: Other question... Do I put down the location for a wave pool, or for outside?
Bill: Last year there was quite a few non swim cosplays, but outside is weather dependent and cold.
Nokri (Marisa): You’re hosting both a rwby meetup and a mm meetup? Or is the mm just for us?
rwby meetup won’t turn into mingle session if you keep it running straight and tell people you’re busy
Nokri (Marisa): Is there another area that isn’t the wave pool or outside
Nokri (Marisa): Like a hallway by panels or such with room
Bill: ~~I want it to be a mingle session~~

We haven't planned a full MM shoot but would do that. It's just us at the moment for MM.
Nokri (Marisa): If it’s a mystic mess meetup that definitely wouldn’t be held at a pool
Bill: There are shitty lit hallways in the con center.
Nokri (Marisa): It’s hard to get good pictures at meetups anyway. I’d say host it outside or in a hallway because otherwise it’s a swim meetup and that’s unfair to non swimsuit cosplayers
Bill: I mean, we're doing swim MM so pool would make sense.
Nokri (Marisa): Unless you want a swim meetup
Ye but the way you were talking about it made it sound like a public meetup with more than just ya
Nokri (Marisa): Because you’re talking about it the same way as the rwby shoot
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was think MM would just be us
Bill: Everything is a swim meetup at CCE Mawisa.
Nokri (Marisa): But you said not everyone is in a swimsuit
Bill: Some were yes.
Bill: They just didn't get into the water.
Nokri (Marisa): ssso which is it
Oh ok. When you said it’s in a pool I figured everyone would have to be in the pool to pose and some people might not want their costumes getting wet with chlorinated chemical water
Bill: The left side of the wave pool is popular for shoots, and RWBY big enough for it. More people would be freezing to death outside in swimwear than fully garbed people sweating in the humidity so...
Bill: That's probably the way to go.
Nokri (Marisa): Isn’t it like 80 degrees in the poconos
I was also suggesting the hallway but I’ve never been to cce so yolo
Aldus Larian (Jess): its like a weird time of year sometimes its hot and sometimes its cold
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz its like mid september
Bill: or it rains all weekend.
Nokri (Marisa): Ooooo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah last year was misty and chilly and humid
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i dont care what happens as long as <@!351785752197201920>  and i do couples cosplay cuz its our anniversary weekend~~
Bill: 👌 👌
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I would be good for Saturday AM - RWBY, SATURDAY PM - MM
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and then Sunday pack up, spa, and just chill at Kalahari?
Nokri (Marisa): and cosplay <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and Marisa cosplays
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe i cosplay idk yet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): meaning, Marisa will cosplay, not us cosplaying as Marisa
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wont commit to it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): shit, I guess I should buy my badge for CCE...
Bill: hmm... I'm just thinking RWBY could roll into a drinks at the bar kinda thing and if RWBY is early people would do that less. It's an unrealistic idea though, if I think about it. People will just hang around if they want to...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): could be like, late morning. liek 11ish
Aldus Larian (Jess): even 1
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): people will start drinking by then
Bill: Yeah it'd be 1, 2 latest. I ain't wasting my time planning before noon at CCE lol
Nokri (Marisa): Don’t drink the pool water
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): CCE prices go up August 16th in case anyone still hasn't purchased them yet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): or actually, I think that's just when you can't buy them anymore until the event
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): or maybe not, IDK
Bill: https://www.facebook.com/events/571364076726103/
Bill: And submitted to CCE for 1pm.
Nokri (Marisa): It’s in Arabic again OwO
Bill: I dunno if I should wait to post to the groups till CCE replies or not.
Bill: ... Eh, I put time subject to change so.
Nokri (Marisa): If you’re billing it as an official shoot I’d wait for confirmation
Bill: billing it as neither. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah idk why FB links always show up in Arabic on Discord
Nokri (Marisa): Conspiracy
Bill: lOLOLOL
Nokri (Marisa): Why is it funny
Bill: I hadn't shared it anywhere but this channel yet.
Bill: She just *found it*.
Bill: is there no description on the event page for anyone else?
Nokri (Marisa): It probably showed up in her Facebook feed
Nokri (Marisa): Ye see it’s at the top of mine too when I open Facebook
Bill: Oh wait I see the details page now.
Bill: kk.
Bill: oop
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It showed up in my notifications
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Either that or she found it through my response of going
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Because I gir a notification that she liked it
Bill: Definitely... feel like it should shift a bit later cause of Kaiju stuff.
Bill: Not that I can cause of the official submission for 1 or 2 pm.
Bill: fuck all.
Aldus Larian (Jess): low key want a new wig for MC, in a lighter shade of brown
Aldus Larian (Jess): does new saeson of rwby start before or after cce?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ater
Kaio Vermino (Lee): November this year
Aldus Larian (Jess): welp, no hype to be had then XD i was gonna say if it was before i might be motiviate to so nora
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea rwby is low hype for me at cce too xD
Bill: yeeee
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): same(ish)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, I have no plans for doing any shoots as Blake again
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just kinda wanna chill
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm more excited for Kirishima and Zen
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): how much do you think I'll get mistaken for GB Weiss while in Zen? xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): ommgg prob cuz the suit is blue
Aldus Larian (Jess): just stare at them with your red eyes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): "oh wait no, you're adam from nier automata"
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Omg lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://smile.amazon.com/Sol-Coastal-5-5-Foot-Smartphone-Inflatable/dp/B01M7NMDR4/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=pool+float+cell+phone&qid=1564501347&s=gateway&sr=8-1
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): cram all the MM peeps on here
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG YES
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): trying to find a waterproof phone pouch thing and they're all too small for my phone 😫
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Walmart has a bunch of different sizes o3o
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): o3o will have to check out
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have 4 but they barely fit mine and i know yours is bigger
Nokri (Marisa): Bullseye
Bill: Lying is bad Mawisa you can't do that.
Nokri (Marisa): sorry i'll erase the in-character part
Bill: That's still lying.
Nokri (Marisa): o
Nokri (Marisa): Ok here’s my updated chart
Aldus Larian (Jess): i fix
Aldus Larian (Jess): ignore my terrible coloring
Nokri (Marisa): jess's chart looks fantastic <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): NUU DAS U NOT ME
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Nokri (Marisa): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Mawisa you still lying you just getting farther and fartherrrr
Nokri (Marisa): inflation
Bill: ~~we won't judge you for your kinks~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://tenor.com/view/if-you-dont-like-belly-inflation-then-go-away-belly-fat-gif-14016468
Nokri (Marisa): I’m obviously referencing the worldwide helium shortage
Nokri (Marisa): Screams
Bill: why is that even a gif what.
Nokri (Marisa): we live in a society
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~thanks Tenor~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: I saw something worse on facebook at the con one morning.
Bill: I can't find it cause it was like "your friend has been tagged in this post from 2015" but.
Bill: It was like a video ad for a dildo that lays eggs.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > looks up "dildo that lays eggs"
*OH*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~for that oviposition fetish~~
Bill: Yeah, I thought about doing that. That is not something I need in my search history. Or brain.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): incognito mode <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: or brain.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): alcohol <:pew:543202259085950996>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEAH THERE IS A WORLD WIDE HELIUM SHORTAGE
El🆓de Faun (Tom): my work talks about that alot
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Also omfg that gif
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Aghhhh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that kitsunyami9 dude is an interesting fellow
Bill: Didn't realize who it was.
Bill: Seems like Peter took him under his wing.
Bill: He's.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he's like, hyper polite
Bill: a vibe.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in like a weirdish kind of way
Bill: Yeah.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like, using the word "allowed" as though taking my photo is a rare occurrence and a great honor or something lol
Bill: He was *around* a lot, I was wondering if he was Monica's boyfriend cause he was just there.
Bill: But never said anything. Just was there.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Monica, as in, BNE Monica?
Bill: ye.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's not her bf
Bill: Ye I realized once I knew it was kitsune.
Bill: He used to DM me on occasion, which very few non mutuals do.
Bill: Kitsune.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But he *did* get a pretty neat photo
Bill: Oh wait it was only like, three times he DM'd me.
Bill: Nevermind.
Bill: Either way. Very polite to the point it's odd, but it's not a *danger* vibe I get, just... odd.
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: “Well, my first piece of advice, as a *cosplay photographer*, is contact a *cosplayer* about your services.”

*“My second piece of advice is unsolicited photography ads are usually frowned upon in the cosplay community”*
Nokri (Marisa): $20 for 10 minutes? bruhs
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): damyum
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Damn
Bill: ~~I didn’t actually read it~~ that’s a ridiculous fee.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Finally back on editing the Anext vlog yippee
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have also learned how to censor things in video
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm curious how many photos they usually get in 10 minutes
Bill: Well, at the speed of Hunter... 1/2.
Nokri (Marisa): i can't ever stop thinking about beelzebub's hat. i wanna cosplay them just for that hat.
Nokri (Marisa): they'd be a good thursday cosplay, with such a dapper hat
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Hat?
Nokri (Marisa): **hat**
