Aldus Larian (Jess): Raven will cost me like $100 about
N🆗ri (Marisa): are you making her? it might be cheaper to buy
N🆗ri (Marisa): or mix and match
Aldus Larian (Jess): mix and match
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont like the versions ive seen for sale
Aldus Larian (Jess): mostly id juat make the belt
Aldus Larian (Jess): I could make the cloak, but it's only $16 and idk if i could make it for cheaper than that
N🆗ri (Marisa): oo depends on what you make it out of
Aldus Larian (Jess): her cape is pretty long so id prob need at least 2.5 yard? (am bad at estimating tho)
N🆗ri (Marisa): l o n g b o i
N🆗ri (Marisa): we need a robin so we can do the robin mask gag
N🆗ri (Marisa): or maybe no robin is better
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'll bring like 20 domino masks
N🆗ri (Marisa): omg one of the zenkai staffers somehow gets 2lbs of twizzlers for free every week and is just gonna bring a TON of twizzlers in all sorts of flavors we're gonna die in a twizzler coma
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~smuggle me some~~
Bill: How do I get free twizzlers. Fuck healthy eating.
N🆗ri (Marisa): seriously like 2lbs of twizzlers is already a lot but 2lbs a week? and for how long?? they make it sound like it's a regular thing and apparently they did it last year too? how
Aldus Larian (Jess): how i get
N🆗ri (Marisa): how many flavors are there
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk
N🆗ri (Marisa): :0
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😮
Bill: https://petapixel.com/2019/03/01/6-tips-for-photographers-from-a-vogue-model/ Yo what the fuck are these tips? They shouldn't need to *be said*, it's common sense.
Bill: What kinda fucked up world is pro photography/modeling.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the world lacks common sense
Bill: fair pont but the fuck man.
Bill: No wonder photographers get a bad rap.
Bill: to be honest, I can picture Ziccardi acting like that.
Bill: But. No photographer I've met with. I can see people being the type, but I'm judgemental.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777>
N🆗ri (Marisa): Do you know them really well? Miku wigs are a super pain because of how long they are and I’m hesitant to lend it to anyone who’s not a super good friend, they tangle if you even think about the wig and they’re expensive
N🆗ri (Marisa): Have I met them <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: It's Audrey lol
Bill: Though she young, so maybe not what you want to do.
N🆗ri (Marisa): OH IT HER
N🆗ri (Marisa): am I following her
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ok I am phew
N🆗ri (Marisa): I feel like we all have superhero names and keep switching between superhero names and secret identities
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Kaseicosplay is MARISA? WHAT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s like Hannah Montana
N🆗ri (Marisa): WHAT
who told u
N🆗ri (Marisa): don't leak this to the press it's my kryptonite
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): doxxed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wow now Marisa has to start an Instagram war with me cause I dozed her <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Aurii: Civil War
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): whos side are yOu on?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cries I would never
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): captain georgia or iron mawisa
N🆗ri (Marisa): callout post for wezrez cosplay did you know she also goes by *wise rice*? because she's so wise she has ***two personas in one like a really cool superhero***
N🆗ri (Marisa): o
N🆗ri (Marisa): i retract my statement
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Stay tuned for the rice themed boudoir shoot that’ll never happen
Andrew: 
Bill: oh YEET
Andrew: The problem is it's a tad small
Bill: It doesn't look too small?
Andrew: Just a bit snug, its usable but next time I do a head piece ima go slightly larger
N🆗ri (Marisa): LOBSTER MAN
Andrew: need to find giant lobster claws now
Andrew: And are you bringing Corn? Since Katsu didnt happen
N🆗ri (Marisa): Which con?
Andrew: zenkai
Andrew: https://www.amazon.com/Cosplay-Novelty-Costume-Halloween-Christmas/dp/B076GL44CP/ref=sr_1_3?keywords=giant+lobster+claws&qid=1551465117&s=gateway&sr=8-3
Bill: *that is the most Marisa answer*
Andrew: truth
N🆗ri (Marisa): I can’t 😭 I won’t have time for corn
N🆗ri (Marisa): What the next con
Andrew: for me probable anext
Andrew: i dont know what else im doing
N🆗ri (Marisa): Fitting that anext is the next con <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: That's Mawisa's next too lol
Bill: Unless you guys come to a minicon.
Andrew: sakura sunday technically could cosplay
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m going to Kogara
N🆗ri (Marisa): My panel was accepted
N🆗ri (Marisa): That’s homestuck day though so I gotta cosplay hamsteak
N🆗ri (Marisa): Is anyone else doing kogara?
Bill: probably.
Andrew: when/where
Bill: It's the day before sakura sunday.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ye the 13th at middlesex county college it’s about an hour and a half away from me
Aldus Larian (Jess): of march?
N🆗ri (Marisa): April
Bill: Apirl.
Andrew: hmm
N🆗ri (Marisa): Homestuck day 4/13
Andrew: ITs a possibility for me., ill put in for it
Bill: also free.
Andrew: freee is good
Aldus Larian (Jess): its in morristown right?
Andrew: Im def going to sunday, may be able to pull off that then
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): I wanna go to Sunday
N🆗ri (Marisa): I have mixed feelings about Sunday tho and I feel like that makes me snobby or gatekeeperish
Bill: Nah, this is by Georgia.
Bill: Kindacon was morristownl
Aldus Larian (Jess): o rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): tell us your feelies marisa
Bill: indeed, they're done.
Andrew: I go to sunday just because its a nice day and i get to see everyone
N🆗ri (Marisa): sakura sunday is supposed to be a celebration of japanese culture but a lot of people go just to cosplay. which isn't necessarily wrong in itself, but a lot of people cosplay non-japanese things so I feel it misses the point? like i think some people in BNE got really nice rwby pictures at a sakura sunday event but that doesn't have anything to do with japanese culture. last time i went there was a really cool adventure time group too and they looked awesome, but again it's not really japanese culture and they only went to cosplay
N🆗ri (Marisa): i know that's a stuck-up way to think tho
Bill: Sakura Sunday has been embracing weeb culture more recently though.
Bill: I see what you mean.
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye because it gets 'em more attendees 💰
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I get that it flattens everything tho
N🆗ri (Marisa): but it loses the cultural aspect when they focus more on the weeb parts
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Makes all conventions the same
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I guess it's not really a convention but you know what I mean
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Loses its individuality
Aldus Larian (Jess): that makes alot of sence marisa
Andrew: It really does
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was thinking similarly last year
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah!! like there used to be a lot of really cool stuff going on. i don't know what's been happening in recent years because i haven't gone in a long time but all i hear from it is cosplay stuff. which is great because cosplay is life, but a lot of the cosplay is non-japanese and there's also a ton of other stuff going on
Andrew: We dont get many opportunities to experience non-weeb culture
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea like weens stuff is great and all but like the traditional feel gets lost
Bill: my biggest problem is it never seems to be when the blossoms are in bloom. Which they can't control but it makes me sad.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like it's not wrong their allowed but your also allowed to be sad about it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): last year it was rainy, and while that really puts a damper on the day, i think because none of us cosplayed it made the event more interesting
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah sakura are really pretty. i was in the grips of finals during cherry blossom season last year but at one point my brain just broke so i took a walk and it was really nice i almost pet a pigeon under a cherry tree
Andrew: I remmeber that storm
Elfriede Faun (Tom): There's a full blookung Sakura tree outside of work and it's really pretty for one week
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it was really cold and riany, but if i was in cosplay i probably wouldnt have watched any of the shows they had
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So many petals
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea sometimes not being in cosplay makes it easier to experience stuffs
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): however, cosplaying is still good for it. but i'm kinda grateful to have had that experience outside of costumes
Andrew: Would be nice to find someway to get culture outside of con days
N🆗ri (Marisa): Tamagawa University Taiko Drum and Dance Troupe
Subaru Sushi Samurai of the Year Contest
Prettiest Pet in Pink Parade
Harajuku Fashion Show
Cosplay Showcase & Cosplay Fashion Show
Little Akiba Anime & Cosplay Area

that's the stuff they're featuring this year
N🆗ri (Marisa): cosplaying is great i'm not saying people shouldn't cosplay to the event because i live for cosplay. just that they should also consider a bit of the cultural stuff? but also it looks like 4/6 events or at least half are weeb centric
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea def i feel you
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i guess where i'm coming from, is that now that i've experienced it without cosplay, now i know i enjoy it and will attend for other things besides the cosplay aspect
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea i was worried about it last year we planned to do hiyori and yato in like some semblance of robes cuz i thought that was prob a good middle ground
N🆗ri (Marisa): but hiyori and yato are japanese anyway!
N🆗ri (Marisa): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE exactly i didnt wanna do non anime character
Aldus Larian (Jess): like id prob do them or like yukata 9s/2b
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz actual Japanese characters
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH that's my major beef i guess. people who cosplay non-japanese characters? like that is fine and great but i don't get why they cosplay american characters to a japanese cultural event without relating it to japanese culture in some way. but i don't want to gatekeep or anything aaaaa it's just a personal pet peeve and i'd never actually give someone grief about it
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i feel that way too personally
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i thought it would be ok if tom did ren cuz rens outfit is asiany? but i didnt wanna do nora
Aldus Larian (Jess): but they are still american characters so i was iffy on that even
N🆗ri (Marisa): kimono nora
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ye like i think some people were planning on doing kimono rwbys
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and that makes sense
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye!
N🆗ri (Marisa): i have a few yukata and a couple kimono-making books, both for real kimono and easy peasy cosplay ones
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah!! that's in the spirit!
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😮
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~we just bought silk robes~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): matsumura sensei straight up gave me a bag of old yukata that didn't fit one time to use as craft fabric but i always felt bad about tearing them up so they're still in a bag somewhere <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
N🆗ri (Marisa): silk bathrobes with your initials embroidered on the front? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Andrew: I have wanted to get a yukata for a while now, maybe do the summer festival Ryoma as a bit of an excuse
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEA
Andrew: Where do i go about getting a nice one thats not loq quality material
N🆗ri (Marisa): i know some good stores lets take a trip to japan
N🆗ri (Marisa): sunshine city has a nice store near its ghibli shop a few floors below the pokemon center
Andrew: you think i wont
N🆗ri (Marisa): lets go
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was interested in going to Sakura Sunday but didn't know what to cosplay because I don't have any Japanese-y things? And then I saw people just cosplaying normal stuff and I was like, oh...
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): bnha is japanese anime
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): True
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I meant more like, last year or is year's past
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea true
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): same
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Bill: we were going to go last year, but 2 hour drive when it was a rainy day was a hard nope.
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah that's why i'm a little hesitant making something new for it. what if rain.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I always thought it was more geared for wearing traditional Japanese attire but then I saw someone I know posting pictures as Prof. Sycamore and I was like, oh... you can normal cosplay? And I guess Pokemon is still a very big part of modern Japanese culture, so...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think it'd be neat to wear traditional Japanese stuff but I'm afraid of people screaming *CULTURAL APPROPRIATION*
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah!! normal cosplay is what the majority of cosplayers do~
Andrew: thats a legit fear
N🆗ri (Marisa): also valid. i was afraid of that, but after living in japan and seeing that no one really cares there then eehhh. most girls in kimono wandering around asakusa are tourists from china or korea or the US.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA i was afraid of that too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My dad might still have stuff from when he was an exchange student in college
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's more they like people learning about their culture and appreciating it. if you make a mockery of it then that's different, but if you earnestly try then no one can fault you
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~someone contact matsumura sensei to tell us it's all ok~~
Andrew: it has to be biru
Bill: ~~going to have to be you or Andrew, I can't speak that much japanese anymore~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): biru draft up that email in japanese
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats what ive heard online - like most people are just happy to be sharing their culture
N🆗ri (Marisa): chop chop
Andrew: but my japanese is barely intelligible
N🆗ri (Marisa): chop chop
Bill: *Alright fuck both of you*
Bill: rascals.
N🆗ri (Marisa): last time i wore a yukata i was super sweaty and really hesitant to go anywhere near the fabric because it was a hundred degrees and i had walked like 2 miles to get to the class but the old woman was very adamant i put that kimono on despite being drenched in sweat
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~is it bad that I think a lot of people who scream "cultural appropriation" at white people trying to embrace other cultures are doing it just for the sake of feeling like they're better than others or more progressive or something?~~
Bill: Spicy opinion, I enjoy.
N🆗ri (Marisa): most of the time i think that's true 😔
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i low key feel like alot of people that do it are other white people?~~
Andrew: Its unfortunate to say the least
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): no you right, like generally when faced with the culture those people are  "appropriating" that culture is like "yo man GO FOR IT, ENJOY IT!!!"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): unless its like obviously out of disrespect
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like I just remember the picture of the little girl having a Japanese themed birthday party and people on ~~Tumblr~~ the internet were shitting on like, a 6-year-old girl for "cultural appropriation" when in reality the girl and her family actually did research on it and did it respectfully and then actual Japanese people commented saying "Yo, we actually love when white people do this"
Bill: *God I love you right now*
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH I WAS THINKING THE SAME EXAMPLE
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh i remember that
Andrew: I believe there was also a kimono exhibit taken down a few years ago for that
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^ yep
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1282597-cultural-appropriation
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): This one ^
N🆗ri (Marisa): my uncle showed me pictures of his class's international day at school after i got home from japan and his class had japan as their country. they got some stuff mixed up but you can tell they put a lot of effort into it, a lot of research, and also they're like 9. all the parents were really proud.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats the example ive seen too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like I can understand trying to be aware of intrinsically racist things, but I feel that white people sometimes don't have the right to call people out on things that may or may not be racist when they don't know if the race in question even thinks it's racist
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats a valid point
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~if anyone's culturally appropriating anything it's me with my literal homemade shinto shrine on my anime shelf~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): i do worry about it, but i got advice from a literal shrine maiden and all the stuff is actually from japanese shrines so i would hope it's not appropriation 😭
N🆗ri (Marisa): just a bad case of weeb
Aldus Larian (Jess): Doctor: "yup, checks out, not appropriation, definitely just a bad case of weeb"
N🆗ri (Marisa): no cure
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and another thing I've thought about before is like, blackface... Like I kind of feel like there's a difference between traditional blackface from waaaaaaaaaaaay back that was like, intentionally meant to degrade and insult black people, and like, darkening your skin to appear as a character who's black. Like does that make sense? Maybe I just need more education on the subject? My white privileged ass not knowing why it's wrong?
Bill: I honestly don't know a damn thing about it, historically or modernly. I never looked into it because I avoid things that are hot button issues.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): same usually
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I don't like arguing about it but like, I'm definitely open to discussing to learn
Bill: I see what you mean, like... body paint pink is fine, but not black when it's for the goal of more accurate portrayal.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like my example would be Jimmy Fallon impersonating Chris Rock on SNL by wearing makeup to appear as Chris Rock. He's not mocking the race, he's mocking the person like they would do for any other actor they'd impersonate. I get that it's maybe in poor taste, but like, if you can do a good impersonation of a person by mimicking their voice and mannerisms, what's the point of the impersonation if you can't look like them?
N🆗ri (Marisa): nah i see your reasoning.
it's a lot of factors. similar to making a holocaust joke, blackface was always done very unflatteringly and in extremely harsh mocking ways to make fun of slaves or african americans for being "subpar", it was dehumanizing and a way of making them a charactiture. just the fact that is exists is a slap in the face because they wouldn't let black actors be near white actors (they were considered too dirty) so people applied blackface.
and doing it now to darken one's skin color for innocent reasons is partially erasing that dark past ever happened, partially going "being black is attractive now so we're stealing the very traits we belittled and tried to erase by claiming them as our own", partially a bunch of other stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok that makes sense
Bill: Not the action, but the meaning behind the action I guess?
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's socially acceptable in china and japan where blackface wasn't an issue, but also there are extremely few black people in asia. i've seen it done at comiket and seen pictures of chinese cosplayers where people argue if it's ok in a country where blackface was never political or demeaning
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I guess. Like I totally get the erasure part because that was a shitty thing that happened that we shouldn't ignore. I feel like maybe there *could* be ways that it could be done that isn't insulting? Idk. I still wouldn't do it.
Bill: It's a shame the past has to run things for the present.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ugh *white people* amirite?
Bill: pfft
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean... Yea
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Japan still does the characature look a bit I feel lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): MR Popo and Simon from durarara
Bill: Russian sushi yo
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh yeah they totally do
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I mean I love Simon don't get me wrong
N🆗ri (Marisa): krone from promised neverland
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEAH
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I thought that about Krone too
N🆗ri (Marisa): on one hand, japan doesn't share this history and it was never a big political issue in japan
on the other hand though they almost definitely got it from america
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I mean, that's why they changed Jinx's appearance too
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeeee
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Although I had heard jinx was based on the Asian fashion trend and not black people
Bill: To further spice this... So if one of the big reasons is to prevent people from erasing the dark past of a topic... how come people trying to tear down statues of confederate generals/change columbus day and that's considered a positive?
Bill: Food for thought.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): as to not glorify oppressors
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~loser erasure~~
the south was in favor of slavery and columbus caused a genocide
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Princeton had that problem with President Wilson I believe
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He helped the university a lot but he was p racist
N🆗ri (Marisa): the statues are glorifying them ye, we shouldn't forget about them but statues should be for heroes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *The Robert E. Lee Memorial Municipal Waste Dump*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YeHhh
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Should remember but not glorify the bad
Bill: Glorification is one thing... But if it were me I'd let it stand as a testament to the mistakes made in the past, so we can continue to learn from it.
N🆗ri (Marisa): then people start idolizing it though and using it as a symbol for similar beliefs. that's why they had to destroy hitler's childhood home.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I mean it is standing for that... In the trash
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): well, for most people, statues are a way to idolize people
Andrew: There is nuance to a lot of these people that we cant just ignore
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): literally being called "idols"
N🆗ri (Marisa): putting it in a museum would be better than letting it stand in the original spot
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea the idea of a statue in nature idolization
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea^ having it in a museum as a way to educate
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *The Museum of Horrible Historical Figures*
Bill: lol
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeeesss
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Please
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like Germany doesn't have a Hitler statue
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~plz let me know of I say something insensitive~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): They have a holocaust muesem I believe, but not a statue or memorial to him or somey
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea you can tour the actual barracks
Bill: You're fine. I'm still rather impressed at the discussion of sensitive topics by a group of rational adults that isn't devolving into being triggered or offended. I love it.
N🆗ri (Marisa): japan has Yasukuni shrine which is were a ton of war criminals are enshrined as deities and it's highly controversial, but it's an important cultural heritage site so they can't exactly tear the shrine down, so part of the shrine is a big museum on the atrocities of war, the history of wars japan has been involved in, and why war is bad
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but its for education
Bill: props to all. ~~Erik wins spiciest conversation starter in the server~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yay?
Bill: <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): honestly it's a big step for me because I'm usually too afraid to talk about spicy topics
N🆗ri (Marisa): just dump the whole spice container in the pan we won't judge
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I usually try to stay neutral and look at things from both sides
Aldus Larian (Jess): Also there evidence to suggest that Robert e lee himself opposed conferedeate memorials that's just a fun tid bit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but it can get very exhausting
Aldus Larian (Jess): Also
Aldus Larian (Jess): Keep in mind we are all white. We don't have emotional attachments to the subject so to speak?
Bill: I thrive on neutrality and devil's advocacy outside of very particular scenarios.
N🆗ri (Marisa): we can provide neutral 3rd party opinions on the subject but not first hand
Andrew: A thing to remember about Lee, he was not the leader of the confederacy; rather a general that fought because his that's what his home chose and he was loyal to his home. He is honored because of his loyalty and willingness to fight for his homeland, and there is a spirit of independence and loyalty in many southern states. If there was a statue of Jefferson Davis, I feel that would have  a stronger case to be removed because. My point being that history is not as cut and dry as we may take for granted.
Andrew: Typed on phone ignore mistakes pleaee
Aldus Larian (Jess): Good point
Bill: I tend to care little for 'world' issues, I'm infinitely more interested in the 20 people I give a shit about than the entire country. So for me getting into spicy topics is 9/10 of 10 not something I care for particularly.
N🆗ri (Marisa): in this essay andru will
Andrew: It should be taken case by cass
Andrew: Case*
Andrew: Like bill said food for thought
Bill: Yeah, Andrew's point is the one I was thinking of when I mentioned it. Dad studied civil war stuff, that's where I first heard about Lee's other traits.
Andrew: He was offered the position of general of union forces
Andrew: He chose to side with Virginia
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/star-shooting-the-more-you-know-3og0IMJcSI8p6hYQXS
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oftentimes the people carrying out the orders of command are just that - people. Loyalty is scary thing in that it can easy convince a person of opinions just because it is the way they are used to, it have been raised with it convinced of.
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah that's a big issue in wwii trials
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah they did sociology experiments about that!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They had a scientist tell people to shock a person that didn’t exist, and played sound clips so it sounded like someone being hurt
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And the participants were tested on how far they would go just cause they were told to do so
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh yeah the milgram experiment
N🆗ri (Marisa): people go far
Andrew: stanford prison experiment
N🆗ri (Marisa): there's also the stanford prison experiment, where peoplYEAH
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): SOCIOLOGY
N🆗ri (Marisa): one of my degrees comes in handy for once! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I remember seeing an interview about a guy, either German or Russian, who was like a scientist or inventor and did something for either the Nazis or the Soviets and he was like "I was just following orders" and like didn't actually know what he was being a part of... or something like that... I can't exactly remember
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): now it's bothering me
N🆗ri (Marisa): the nazis compartmentalized a lot so people would be assigned one task but not know its purpose
the USA does it all the time too
N🆗ri (Marisa): you ever see the experiment with the little kids and eye color
N🆗ri (Marisa): jane elliott
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooh yeah
N🆗ri (Marisa): this teacher wanted to teach her kids about racism so she split the class into brown eyes and blue/green eyes. she was like "the blue eye kids are smarter and more gifted! it's just science" and this hierarchy formed with blue/green eyed kids on top while the brown eyed kids were treated poorly. then the next week she was like "oops i was mistaken! science says brown eyes are way better and blue eyes suck!" and the pyramid totally reversed itself
N🆗ri (Marisa): i found one of my sociology textbooks the other day it was with my anime
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): I remember this was really good imma reread it later
Andrew: All I have is genki and like 10 german textbooks
N🆗ri (Marisa): what's something i can make that's black and purple or black and blue
N🆗ri (Marisa): or black and pink
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh i'll just make that short kigu in black and purple and it can be used for bees
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's socially acceptable to wander around in and move from one location to the next in
N🆗ri (Marisa): Hey we need another staffer for Zenkaikon safety (a different team) who wants in <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): ghibli might be fun for sakura sunday 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): Shit u right
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'd want to see if we could get a big group with most movies represented but that'll be hard to coordinate if everyone's presence is dependent on the weather <:rip:369476083248267274>
N🆗ri (Marisa): jess is this your phone
N🆗ri (Marisa): or something you want shopped out?
N🆗ri (Marisa): OH THEY'RE YOUR CARDS that's right that was so neat
N🆗ri (Marisa): you want em out?
N🆗ri (Marisa): i didn't even notice 'em in previous pictures so i can leave them in but it takes like 30 seconds to remove
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea those are my cards! Yes thank you I didn't want them there 💗
Elfriede Faun (Tom): LMAO oh nooo
