Nokri (Marisa): im tryna be acne-free for cce (shoutout to rhyming) but bojo made sugar cookies for dinner and there goes any dieting attempt i had going on
Aldus Larian (Jess): The struggle is real frien
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I 100% to not need to be making more cosplans right now but I'm definitely going to do mr flooo from spy kids one day
Nokri (Marisa): yes pls he's the best character
Nokri (Marisa): Fur lined boots and fleece pants ready for CCE
Aldus Larian (Jess): weathers supposed to be pretty good, maybe ill bring mononoke and try to get to the waterfall this time <:minathink:544567715931750405>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Aww time to speed finish ashitaka
Kaio Vermino (Lee): SOMEONE MADE A CLEO FROM CLIFFORD COSPLAY FOR CCE JUST BECAUSE AND NOW IM LIKE OMFG FJJZJZJSNSNS
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMGGG
Kaio Vermino (Lee): shes doing her Friday though FUUUUUCK
Bill: oof, you can't even shift cause you gotta suprise Casey Saturday 😭
Bill: Waterfall you say?
Bill: I think the only thing I'd have to wear to that is Claude, but needs them alterations. Still would go out to shoot tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE if u dont mind!
The weather should be good enough for the outside part to actually be open this time? <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Bill: maybeh?
Bill: When were you going to do that?
Aldus Larian (Jess): what water fall?
Bill: ya
Aldus Larian (Jess): friday sometime
Bill: I'd prefer earlier, so when the con gets going I can wander around with Erik, Lee, and Marisa in BNHA and do all that jazz.
Aldus Larian (Jess): hoe early is earlier?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wish i had an easy and recognizable BNHA chara
Bill: Do Nijire!
Bill: ~~or hate yourself and do Mina!~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): shes not recognizable on her own tho
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): she said easy, that wog ain't easy lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): and im *not* doing mina
Bill: Tom as Tamaki, and then Kiri/Fatgum that's pretty obviously the internship arc.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh i meant for sunday tho lol
Bill: aaaaah
Bill: Gotcha.
Bill: Definitely not Mina then.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im thinking Friday San/Swim 2B
Saturday MCReg and Swim 
and idk what to do thursday or sunday if i even cosplay
Bill: So I'm doing some kiribaku for Erik and Lee, Jess your 2b swimsuit, and potentially waterfall? I'd like to wrap all that up before like... lets say 2, so I can stow my gear and relax with everyone. (I'm going to keep the go pro on me though, since it's waterproof so I can do photos with that)
Aldus Larian (Jess): 2? oh jeez ok... uhhh idk then
Aldus Larian (Jess): I guess i can make that work?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm probably not gonna do any cosplay Thursday
Aldus Larian (Jess): are you doing anything sunday?
Bill: which are you unsure about Jess? San, or 2b?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): probs not
Aldus Larian (Jess): just doing both before 2 and it depends on weather <@!351785752197201920>  wants in too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sunday will be get up early for church, get breakfast, come back and finish packing/load up car, check out dealer's and artist's, then massage, and then hang out with y'all rest of the day
Bill: I'm also open to playing it by ear and doing it if we're killing time, but I don't want to commit to things and then feel like I'm being pulled away from whatever fun I'm doing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea its fine, if you dont mind maybe u can bring your extra camera with you so at least tom/someone could take pics incase you arent available?
Bill: ya
Bill: I mean, if we're being realistic I'm going to stick to friends all day anyway, but in the off chance I'm hitting it off with the RTX people, or some fire emblem cosplayers, etc... ~~I hate socializing it's so stressful~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): then dont do it <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: That's how you meet available people <:pew:543202259085950996> Friends of friends <:pew:543202259085950996> Not that I'm expecting *to* meet anyone, but I need to start somewhere.
Aldus Larian (Jess): welp damn if u do damned if you dont i suppose
Bill: Right?
Bill: I hate it.
Bill: Anyway. Depending on how *well* pretending to be extroverted goes, I'll probably be around you anyway so photos. When were you thinking of switching to swim?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I dunno lol
Bill: Well we can for sure do San after breakfastish and then the swim cosplays we'll just. spitball.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok yea that sounds good
Bill: That work?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@!334090409389195266> might i borrow your 2B sword again? 😮 no big deal if its a pain
Bill: Different con, Did we have any plans for ANYC?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I will pack it but you might have to take a trip to my car for it xD
 I'll try to park close on Thursday
Aldus Larian (Jess): no prob! thanks! im going to combine the power of girls in swimsuits with big weapons
Bill: Cause I'm somewhat tempted to take Kirsten's suggestion of joining the shugo chara group since they somehow lack an Ikuto. He's one of those anime bishies I don't match the build of, but all I'd need is to get a shirt with blue trim.
Aldus Larian (Jess): do ittt
Bill: I'd be super unrecognizable outside of the meetup though, since whatever ya'll will do is not Ikuto XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): do it for the group
Bill: If I can find a shirt like that somewhere.
Aldus Larian (Jess): just buy a black shit and paint the edges
Bill: fabric paint would work for dat?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Bill: I decide after CCE but could do it then ya
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Get a little plush of the chara
El🆓de Faun (Tom): And cat ears and boom done
Bill: My only other thought was Claude, but doesn’t make much sense in a city.
Bill: Oh I’m commissioning ears from Marisa. I’m sure such quality will cost me bank, but they’ll be worth every penny.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm still waiting for an invoice from her for my ears
Bill: ~~you won’t get one you know~~
Bill: The claude hoodie I ordered will be here today, which is before CCE 👀
Bill: I can do a causal Claude!
Bill: We should do this Erik
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yes!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): shrink me down in photoshop for maximum authenticity
Bill: Claude till I switch to Fatgum then. Be nicer to shoot without the wog.
Bill: Assuming the hoodie fits, so no lineup posting yet.
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t even know what I’m doing still rip
If no ones doing rwby I might can ruby
Bill: I'm still doing Hazel saturday morning. Erik is doin Blake.
Bill: Which ferry port did we take to ANYC?
Bill: Steve Jackson is going to Zenkaikon next year!
Aldus Larian (Jess): who dat?
Nokri (Marisa): o the guy who got investigated by the secret service?
Bill: He's a game designer.
Bill: Me and Dad are big fans of Ogre, but he also made Munchkin and other stuff.
Nokri (Marisa): the secret service raided his office once :3c
Nokri (Marisa): and then it turned into a big lawsuit
Nokri (Marisa): Spinel is done yehaw
I might go back and mess with the wig though. Also idk how I’m gonna do the makeup. Can snazzaroo be combined with Ben nye? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): I have tights for the arms and the legs. I just wanna get it to match my face hmmm
Bill: Fuck I forgot to bring Claude, I was going to go to the cleaners after the cardiologist. 😭
Nokri (Marisa): How weird would it be if I made a hidden pocket for my phone on the inside of my shorts. So like I just reach into my pants and pull my phone out. How many people would that gross out
Aldus Larian (Jess): none
Nokri (Marisa): Great!! I can’t wait to walk around and constantly put my hand down my pants
Nokri (Marisa): Forcibly escorted from the con for pocket crimes
Bill: You are literally just describing pockets.
Nokri (Marisa): No no like. Inside pockets. Like imagine if you had to undo your zipper and reach inside your pants to access the pocket.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea nah that fine
Nokri (Marisa): Except I don’t have a zipper it’s just an elastic waistband
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I did that last year at CCE because one of my bathing suits has a little mesh pocket on the inside for carrying credit card/ID
Bill: Whew!
Bill: ~~the missing part of the trim is on the hoodie and not the costume niiiice <:exhausted:577177500153544724>~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Shirt for Zen came in
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~forgot how short these shorts are~~
Bill: Beautiful
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Tis a bit smol, but it'll do
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Didn't read the reviews first saying they ran small
Bill: Of course it’s a bit small. Your Zen muscles can’t be contained <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Who are you to deny the world a look at your beauty? <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: *Turn up the narcissism dial pal*
Bill: You should have a dumbbell, a thing of cigarettes, and a beer can.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Doesn't look small from here, looks good!
Bill: And just rotate between the threee
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have a pack of fake cigs saved in my amazon list for when I fully cosplay him
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Figure I'll be carrying around booze all day anyway
Bill: Don’t forget to go to the gym every 10 seconds to work off those calorie!
Nokri (Marisa): zen's not really a weight/gym monkey is he? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think he works out at home? Idk
Nokri (Marisa): ye like walks and stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~yall wanna go to the gym Thursday night~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I know he runs alot
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i dooooooooo~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): DO YOU?!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I thought he went to the gym... 

...maybe he says "working out" and I just think gym
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea he just says "working out" so I assume home but maybe that's cuz I work out at home?
Bill: Unrelated, hey, so uh Kirsten asked how we went into ANYC and I told her about how we took the ferry, and she mentioned she was going in alone. I offered to her she could meet up with us at the ferry and go over, which she seems on board with so thats maybe a thing hope you don’t mind
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah idk who that is but is coo
Bill: Neo cosplayer.
Bill: V nice.
Bill: Kiradesa on insta.
Nokri (Marisa): ~~biru pls introduce us to ur friends~~
Bill: ~~if you recall that’s what the server became, all of my friend groups combined~~
Nokri (Marisa): ~~the people at cons who aren't in the server who you talk to while we stand awkwardly to the side until they leave~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): OH I know who you mean
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah no prob
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Sooooo <@301927856240459777>
Nokri (Marisa): I am afraid what’s happening
Nokri (Marisa): Is this a fallout
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I have this boi
El🆓de Faun (Tom): This is the previous back of my oversized failed ashitaka
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I have the sleeves from it too and the front pieces
Nokri (Marisa): Oooooo!!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I want to trim the shoulder seams back an inch each
Nokri (Marisa): O I did that today
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I suppose I should cut the entire garb to be smaller but I'm afraid it'll mess up how the sleeves attach since the curve won't match up
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Any tips would be a big appreciate
Nokri (Marisa): Put it on inside out, stand in front of a mirror, and have Jess pin it the way you want to sew it <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Ye it’s not real trouble on our end and this was she isn’t wandering New York alone in cosplay.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): ,yeah I suppose that would be the easiest way 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): The sleeves can be shortened the same way
Nokri (Marisa): Or taken in
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That way I could make it smaller, just not sure if the curve will match up anymore but maybe that doesn't really matter cuz I could just move the stitch
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I forget that the stitch is what determines the shape and not the fabric piece itself
Nokri (Marisa): Do you wanna move the armpit, or the top where the shoulder meets the neck?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'm moving the armpits inward
El🆓de Faun (Tom): They hella wide
Nokri (Marisa): Ooke ye! The inside out thing would work best, and shouldn’t really mess with the shape of the sleeves. The top would but the bottom is fine
Nokri (Marisa): OH BOJO OS HOME
Nokri (Marisa): I’ll be back I reckon
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yay! <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Nokri (Marisa): Sylvia is fed!! Also someone remind me if you wanna hear about the new Zenkaikon drama rama
Nokri (Marisa): ok. lets see here.
Nokri (Marisa): uhhhh it pertains to the woman who was 2nd in charge of the dealer's hall who they transferred to another department into a beginner position without any heads up, if you remember that drama
Nokri (Marisa): artist alley applications were supposed to end september 7th at midnight (a fact which was not advertised very well at all), and instead they closed almost 24 hours earlier. people started calling up and sending e-mails asking why it was closed because they intended to apply
the new head of dealers said it's because of a glitch, and her and the con chair decided not to re-open applications because they already had 200 entries. but 1.) that's not fair at all and 2.) it's based on a lottery system so it doesn't matter how many entries there are
Nokri (Marisa): a LOT of zenkai regulars didn't get to apply so the artists will be very different next year
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): tldr they're basically still running this con into the ground
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wow what the fuck
Nokri (Marisa): She posted that on Facebook and the con chair asked her to delete it, and then forcibly deleted it when she said no
Nokri (Marisa): She’s been getting calls all day because she’s the one dealers and artists have gone to for 10 years and they want to know why they can’t apply again
Aldus Larian (Jess): That sucks!
Aldus Larian (Jess): For them and for her
Nokri (Marisa): Big time. The people running the convention now are all there due to nepotism and have no idea what it’s like to be an attendee.
Aldus Larian (Jess): UGH that's so frustrating!
