Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Smart
No more fighting over the fountain
Bill: Georgia has shot with married girl from Kotori.
Bill: Ffs.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What do you mean?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I know everyoneeeee
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Muahahahahaha
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like as in just random married girl?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooo mvm I figured it out. Which one?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The Ruby?
Bill: The Ruby. Ashley.
Bill: She was cute, in talking I found out she married. Husband wasn’t around tho.
Bill: Both her and her Weiss Taylor were quite nice. Told them about BNE and how RWBY is so core to the group. They’re both quite nice, once they opened up. Don’t seem to con much though, but were up for future shooting.
Bill: ~~Oh that Weiss and Leanna would *not* be friends okay~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I was just looking at that hehehe
She would have many enemies in BNE
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I hate the math part of cosplay
Bill: Ew
Dirty Lego (Tom): There is the math, but it has failed me every time
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i'm a size 2xl in this one japanese pattern book. oof.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): what is this a cosplay book for children
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): theme song for katsu's friday alarm clock
https://youtu.be/4HMg7KM9N10
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): wait i have a better video
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760> theme song for Friday of Katsu's alarm clock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcsM7Hn3Qh4
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): we can use that one maid song for saturday. this is only for friday.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yeah I'm like xl or xxl too in Japanese sizes
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): we're too big we gotta work out to shrink
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i could fit in small/medium clothes in japan. usually medium but sometimes small. i guess america just makes you big again.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yeah that's how it be
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): cosplay be like
https://66.media.tumblr.com/7f10ea5649c08ac577914120174c42d0/tumblr_inline_phox32pTFY1rny1sa_1280.gif
Dirty Lego (Tom): IT DO
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): the top of Katarina’s first muslin is done. It looks really good but it too big so I’m gonna take it in about .5 inches at every seam
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Skirt measurements have been made and first top is 90% patterned out. The rest of the underdress will be patterned after the hoop skirt is done but I don’t have enough space to cut it out lol
So im gonna try and work on the shoes or the earrings if the resin isn’t too badly expired 
I wonder if I can cut it out at Jack’s but I feel messed up bringing fabric from outside into a fabric shop
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): teleport to my house
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’ll find a marker to draw the teleportation circles brb
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean im not there right now but there is room for the cutting
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The room doesn’t exist when you’re not in the house though
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yo it's okay I sewed a top yesterday that was 4 inches to small and I cut it bigger than I wanted
Dirty Lego (Tom): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
