El🆓de Faun (Tom): <@!184437198865563648> I downloaded the photos finally, are there two versions of the same photos in there? nef and jpeg?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): looks like it,
Bill: Nef are the raw files. I exported them to jpeg cause I didn’t know if you had software that could read raws.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): nicu thank, we only have photo shop for the raws i think
Nokri (Marisa): KHHH I'M DYING this is the only photo she got of me lol
Nokri (Marisa): it's perfect
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg adorable
Nokri (Marisa): if we aren't staying over thursday of colossalcon east, do we still pay for the whole weekend? i know this is really gonna mess a lot of stuff up
Bill: Nah, I’ll adjust the price.
Bill: It’s not an issue.
Nokri (Marisa): thank u, sorry ;A;
Bill: No ones paid yet so there’s no confusion.
Nokri (Marisa): ye but it still changes stuff around
i shall make it up to everyone
Nokri (Marisa): y'all can share my soup
Nokri (Marisa): hot pot party
Aldus Larian (Jess): So wait only half of us are staying the whole weekend then right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Or are Alison and nick just getting there late on Thursday?
Nokri (Marisa): i thiiiiink they're going late thursday?
Andrew: I thought they were going thursday night
Andrew: Am sorry but its a compromise with my work and I dont wanna be driving up there late night
Nokri (Marisa): the poconos late at night are big scary
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah that's makes sense
Andrew: I drove to zenkai at night last time and it was a monsoon lol
Andrew: Still dont know how I made it
Andrew: Well more shield hero costumes I guess
Bill: I had been mildly impressed with Casey running a patreon without lewds. While there’s nothing wrong with it, kinda sad to see her add the tier. Less... unique?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I dont think its actual lewds
Bill: Me either. She’s trying to get that market tho.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea, to be fair shes trying to get that market to help support her and Jake... without actually delivering on like real lewds
Bill: Ye, no judgements here, just noting the change. She’s never seemed like the type to be comfortable with that, so I hope the partial lewd works for her.
Bill: Take them fanboys for what they’re worth.
