Afina Tyndall (Georgia): reiley isnt going to zenkai and offered their gym uniform if i wanted to do todo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _the wig is only 23 dolla_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): **only**
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _and prime shipping_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _should i do it_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): For totoroki?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Tokidoki
Bill: Tldr you’re going to want to do it when you’re supposed to teen titan with Jess.
Bill: So see how much teen titans you wanna do first.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wut no it’d be for like an hour or two before and during the ball
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m hoping to be in Starfire by 9:30, I’m not gonna wanna be in that longer than like 8 hours
Bill: You have a dress for Todoroki?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Probably one good enough!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have two sisters approximately my size too
Aldus Larian (Jess): Are you guys doing GB for formal?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wait what day is the formal
Aldus Larian (Jess): God I'm lost
Bill: Friday. I want to skip it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): GB in BNE is for colossalcon east
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im thinking of buying the wig and being fem todo for the formal
Bill: I as in me, not for the whole group. I’ll kill some time doing something while everyone else goes. 👍🏻
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ohhhh wow plans are confusing
Bill: Yeeeeaaahhh Zenkai planning is weird this year.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): everyones like "What do i do" while also asking what everyone else is doing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so no one wants to plan until they know other peoples plan
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but no one HAS a plan
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): very confus
Bill: That’s... really accurate.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea that's a mood
Bill: Damn, so simple.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so someone needs to make a plan and everyone else will follow suit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i had a plan but the temptation to coordinate more with others is tempting
Bill: As it always is for you.
Bill: Don’t blame you either. Solo cosplay seems boring.
Bill: Like I kinda regret the Barry burton cosplay. Seemed fun, but no one’s going to cosplay RE, and certainly not RE1 over remake 2 which I should have pulled from.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I usually plan based around meetups I want to go to. RWBY is Saturday and Blake is a new cosplay so I'm gonna want to be in that ass much as I can.  BNHA meetup isn't until the evening of Friday so I might do a casual Kiri for part of the day and then do hero suit for meetup
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Kind of in the same boat as Bill, wanting to skip formal
Bill: *that ass*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think the Starbucks group fell through ~~after I finally finished getting everything for it~~ so I'll probably Tai it up on Sunday again
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I think I'm skipping doing bnha all together for zenkai, as much as I want to squad up I just really dont have a lot of confidence in my bakugo makeup. 

So, I'm probably gonna do regular catra for Friday, and if everyone ends up doing the ball, then I'll do formal catra again
Bill: Jess’s seven makeup is good, maybe she can help?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Bold of you to assume I do anything different
Bill: ~~If it convinces the creeps to buzz off its good shit~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't do male contouring for my male characters
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I thought your Bakugou makeup was fine 🤷
Aldus Larian (Jess): They are anime bois and there for have girlish features. And yea your bakugo make up looks good gurl
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~also, anyone else notice that Rebecca *suddenly* wants to do Bakugou for CCE~~
Bill: You could start the GB trend by doing fem!Bakugo first.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~or am I just being paranoid at this point~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Also I still thing I have an oddly sharp jawline for a woman
Bill: ~~I meannnnn~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~you might be right Erik~~
Bill: ~~I noticed it too~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): She did. She told me she didnt like bakugo that much... so now I'm like... then .. why are you cosplaying GB
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh boi...
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): >.>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~CCE was fun but it somehow became the Erik/Rebecca couple's cosplay weekend and it was an oof~~
Bill: Ssh last years CCE is just. We don’t talk about it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Rebecca is great but.... I think she needs to take the hint that erik isnt into her lol and no couples cosplay is gonna change that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~she changed her lineup specifically to match up with mine~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yikes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YEAAAAH we dont talk about last CCE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that was bad time mcgee
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea....
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~after I saw hers and made mine so they *didn't* line up except for when we had shoots planned~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): High hopes for CCE 2019 <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WOO DRAMA FREE CON
Bill: Love is blind as it were.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You might have toooooo eventually let her know 😬
Bill: It... is probably the best way if she’s never going to ask you out herself...
Bill: Oof.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just need to find an actual gf
Bill: That doesn’t mean she won’t sit and hope it doesn’t work out with this girl.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): True
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeaaah poor rebecca
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): when we were at ice skating and i was like "we're all becoming sister wives of gossip" her eyes really lit up and i was like oooooOOOO noooo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh noooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea she mentioned something like that at Halloween too
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like that we should all marry Tom
Aldus Larian (Jess): And I was like <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i remember at halloween we had the salt circle and she was like "idk if you guys know but" and we were like ooooo nooooo what could you meannnnn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Or when she said she was your wife at ANYC
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who me? Or Georgia?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~or both~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Maybe she into that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): shes made the wife joke with me too lol
Bill: ~~you guys have made numerous jokes about Aurii all being married in the past~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wasnt she engaged at some point too?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I forget who said what but someone made a blunder that came off as you and Tom weren't married or something?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _thats cause i want garrity breakfast for life bill, dont expose me to them_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *claims to be very straight though*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what if
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): heteroflexible
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 🤷
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And yeah she was engaged and it got broken off so that's probably a contributing factor to her liking ne because she feels a connection there
Bill: That has nothing to do with Marisa and the other people involved of that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i genuinely enjoy everyones company and also want breakfast
Bill: Georgia’s mom Thought Jess and I were married at first.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): simple
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL YEAH
Aldus Larian (Jess): Na she prob just kidding around
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "and jess is married to... bill?" "no tom!" "... whos tom?"
Bill: Company != marriage but I’m digging into a joke so ye, no point.
Aldus Larian (Jess): That just cuz my and bill were the only people that made it a point to introduce ourselves to her so she prob saw us as older or something
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tru
Aldus Larian (Jess): Did Rebecca recently say she was something like heteroflexible?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): She said shes somewhat ace
Aldus Larian (Jess): Graysexual?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Was that the word?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And that she definitely likes boys but shes not like 100% sure what she is
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oooo ok yea I think got it mixed up
Elfriede Faun (Tom): aurii is all married wut you mean?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): that was on the contract
Bill: Georgia’s fem!Todo
Bill: Kinda V?
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm too short
Bill: it is but it was like, 200 dollars cheaper than the only long one I saw.
Bill: Didn't get it though. Other V stuff comes... the 11th now.
Bill: Do that first.
Bill: I actually got a feedback feedback at like, 1am last night. I hadn't even posted about it yesterday.
Bill: The firs two were pretty straight forward just like... compliments... especially the top one.
Aldus Larian (Jess): awww das nice
Bill: This one tho.
Bill: Criticism. Though. It contradicts the composition one.
Aldus Larian (Jess): did u ask for that tho?
Bill: I did. Also means someone took the request seriously.
Aldus Larian (Jess): so that good then
Aldus Larian (Jess): different people, different opinions
Bill: Like, I wouldn't mind fluffed ego but... that first one? Clearly exists *just* for that and I can tell so it kinda has no effect.
Bill: Yeah.
Bill: ~~Why can't I just eat up the compliment and get confident damn~~
Bill: Kinda weird tho
Bill: Thinking about it.
Bill: The purpose of cosplay photos (assuming cosplayers are ones contributing) is to show off the cosplay, I don't have some artistic message ot show.
Bill: Telling a story makes sense in some portrait stuff of course. But the meaning/intended purpose phrasing is making me think that's a photog photog.
Aldus Larian (Jess): just cuz its cosplay doesnt mean it cant be artistic though
Bill: True. I'm thinking about the typical con shoot though.
Bill: Like Grey Towers I wanna do shit with mirrors and Weiss, which is an artistic choice.
Bill: But like, I have no artistic influence on shooting say Mak in her ~~Gay DM~~ Critical Role cosplay. I just want to make photos that highlight her work.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you being artistic with cosplay photos means being knowledgeable and passionate about the source material, hence why everyone likes hunters bees photos
Bill: oh. That's a good take.
Bill: I always have more to work with in my head with RWBY in general.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah ya know hunter does like to tell mini stories with his photos
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I noticed that with the sole survivor shoot
Bill: It's something very common in pro photography.
Bill: Framing is something I like, just don't always have a frame to work with. Posing is like... ugh. I physically cannot pose in the same ways ya'll can, cause I'm heavy. So I can't like 'try it out myself' and that's a limitation. So it's a learn as I watch people thing.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah my Summer Lovin' shoot with him was somewhat "story-esque" based around the Dishwasher pic
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and developed into a pregnancy shoot xD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And you ain’t even expecting lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah you know hunters shoots do look like he took a snapshot as a scene was happening
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And less posed
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah it started off as "Let's recreate the Dishwasher pic" and then turned into "What if this was when they discovered they were pregnant with Ruby?"
Bill: hmm. So like, Lux at Zenkai I'm not looking for a story, I'm looking to utilize the lights on the staff to make an image in a unique way. Capture a unique view, using techniques. To me that feels valid still.
Bill: Yes it posed, but also. hmm.
Bill: But in non cosplay photography they'll tell you every image has a story.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but also the source material forhtat isnt story heavy in nature
Bill: Story doesn't have to be a canon story, or even a story about the character in question.
Bill: Story is the feelings that resonate with the viewer of the image.
Aldus Larian (Jess): sure I was just pointing out that league doesn't exactly give alot of inspiration for stories
Bill: oh yeah, in that sense it true.
Bill: And I'm not about to play league for what scraps there are.
Aldus Larian (Jess): anyway. the light painting is also artisitic
Aldus Larian (Jess): stories arnt the only form of expression
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hunters photos that tell a story also require that two people interact or one person interacts with the environment
Bill: Yup.
Bill: I may need to bring more of that into the small group shoots, like Pyrrha/Penny.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah I’d say try doing more doubles if you wanna try out more story stuff
Bill: mmm, it's not that I want to do more. The image that comes to mind I want is of Pyrrha alone, doing the javelin throw thing. I want that striking (ha) pose and costume and detail to pop on it's own.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Honestly I’d like to do more doubles now that I think about it
Bill: In comparison to? You’ve always preferred more people.
Bill: Like, from big groups down to doubles, or are you fed up with solos after Katsu?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Big group down to doubles
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Big groups are fun but often don’t yield awesome photos
Bill: yup. My cap is 4 people max right now.
Bill: Team size.
Bill: But I prefer less, because more time.
Bill: So I'm with you on that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think after 4 the photos decrease in quality just cause you can’t fit everyone
Bill: Even four is tough.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Honestly Otakon JNPR 2018 we purposely framed things in square formats and I liked a lot of those pics
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But ye you right
Bill: You have to be smart with four, but I'm pretty used to that because of the rwby team shoots.
Bill: But that's going to lean more posed by nature.
Bill: which isn't... wrong... really.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think a lot of my favs have been doubles: Cinder/Pyrrha, Jaune/Pyrrha, Blake/Yang, Schneesters
Bill: What Jaune Pyrrha, I don't there was *ever* a decent shoot for that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I liked the one we did at Katsu last year lol
Bill: Man that was rushed, cut off, Hal was in a mood, I barely wanted to shoot it... Glad you liked it anyway. Schneesters from Katsu had some of those issues too.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Everything was framed really well in all of those
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I was able to bounce off the other person pretty well
Bill: I always considered that a crap shoot cause Katsu stress, but glad you liked... Ditto to the bouncing off the other person. Plus one for shooting with the same half dozen people all the time. I know I shouldn't, cause meeting new people, but. I just like working with people I'm comfortable with. It's more fun, helps me get creative.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): True then you skip past the “what are you comfy with” stage
Bill: And you understand each other.
Bill: I know what you like in photos, that gets us faster to the stuff you and I will. I know the photographer talk that will help Jess adjust her pose that won't work with Tom.
Bill: That kind of thing.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye there’s other photographers that I’ve shot with that are like “it’s alright if I move this hair, yes?”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like YA FAM POSE ME LIKE A BARBIE ITS COOL
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I like being posed because during shoots my mind blanks and I'm like *what do?*
Bill: Not that I was ever really hands on with you.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye but i dont really mind if a photographer moves my arm or fixes the wig or whatever
N🆗ri (Marisa): georgia do you have an e-mail that pictures can be sent to?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yus send it to wezrezcosplay@gmail.com so i can find it easy later
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): itll forward to my regular email but thats how i sort mah photatos
N🆗ri (Marisa): thank ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): do you have photos done already 😮
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): le gasp
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): just in time for peak engagement hours bby
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 3 pm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ur a wizard mawisa
Bill: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B06WW64YM6?ascsubtag=9c00ff7c98cef36768ebecdbfb3c0d9d0842133d&tag=kinjadeals-20&th=1 <@!245270932602486784> it's in your color.
Bill: 25 bucks off.
