Nokri (Marisa): Zenkaikon’s new con chair is driving this con into the ground
Nokri (Marisa): Getting rid of staffers who have worked there for 10 years. Unbelievable.
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> I am assuming you'll be skipping CCE due to your NASA internship, is that right?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Damn that's awful
Nokri (Marisa): if they don't change things, i won't be surprised if zenkai goes under in the next couple of years
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeaaaah gonna have to :/
Andrew: That's a shame
Bill: mm. Understandable though, though we expected it'd be Next and Ota you'd miss rather than CCE lol
Andrew: I still was considering volunteering but it doesn't sound like a good idea now
Nokri (Marisa): georgia you're only doin' a day trip to otakon right?
Nokri (Marisa): so it'd be otakon and cce she's missing this year rather than next and otakon?
Nokri (Marisa): non-magical voodoo doll time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye I’ll only be there Saturday!
Nokri (Marisa): friday and sunday: flat georgia
it's like flat stanley but georgia
Nokri (Marisa): is this..... ok? <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
i don't know who the haikyuu cosplayer is anymore, or the idols. what if they see this and sue me
Aldus Larian (Jess): That looks great! 
I wouldn't worry too much about it
Nokri (Marisa): jess pls don't sue me
Nokri (Marisa): i gotta remake it anway because it doesn't fit oops
Nokri (Marisa): i hope this doesn't sound bad or racist, but i want to include the haikyuu maid because she has a darker skin color, and black cosplayers can sometimes be cautious/picky with photographers because many don't know how to properly photograph people with dark skin. i have other shoots that I've done with black cosplayers but I unfortunately didn't really know what I was doing, so they didn't come out as good
like this roxy from 5-6 years ago
Nokri (Marisa): i photographed her again years later, i wonder if i can find any pics
Nokri (Marisa): yeah! it... still wasn't very good oops sorry miss
Bill: She looks fine. I can understand the trepidation tho.
Nokri (Marisa): eve was in that shoot too hehe
Nokri (Marisa): everyone was melting that day
Nokri (Marisa): the issue was we had this awesome spot right on the pier, but a sunset shimmer cosplayer kicked us away for her mlp gathering that nobody showed up to
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah that makes sense and it's good you want to be inclusive!
Nokri (Marisa): i want everyone to like their costumes and have pictures of themselves ;u;
Bill: That’s the purest of moods. 😭😭😭
Bill: Why so pure
Nokri (Marisa): YO IVE HAD THE BEST SAMPLES HIDDEN IN MY DROPBOX THIS WHOLE TIME and then my computer froze haha rip
Nokri (Marisa): No u
Nokri (Marisa): majestic
Nokri (Marisa): this had to be one of my best cons for shooting
Nokri (Marisa): and idk who she is or what she was cosplaying it but was great
Andrew: Not to distract fromt hese amazing pictures but im going through the Ota guest list and realized theres like 6 people i want to meet and get autographs
Andrew: Including Pharas VA
Nokri (Marisa): live ur dreams
Andrew: Ya the dream of waiting in a looot of lines
Nokri (Marisa): yes
Andrew: cant wait
Andrew: Ill be fulfilled
Nokri (Marisa): rose is going to otakon literally just to wait in line for autographs all con. she's literally not doing anything else.
Andrew: M Corrins JP actor will be there
Nokri (Marisa): When the ota squad rolls up with donuts
El🆓de Faun (Tom): DONHTS WOO
Nokri (Marisa): should i post my ad in an instagram post, or story?
I'd like to keep it to my story, but posts have a bigger range <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Both!
Nokri (Marisa): b-but
Nokri (Marisa): but that's redundant
Andrew: Oh that reminds me gotta post the vids
Nokri (Marisa): POST VIDS
Andrew: Singular
Andrew: as in the zoomed one
Nokri (Marisa): **zoom**
Nokri (Marisa): *someone bit on my advertisement*
it's a jojo eyyyy
i always seem to get asked to do jojo, steven universe, and magi
Nokri (Marisa): *and they're 16. why do i always get the children*
Nokri (Marisa): oh dang, is this still under construction?
Nokri (Marisa): that was The™ photoshoot spot
Nokri (Marisa): they got rid of the big stairs aaa
Nokri (Marisa): i think it's open though
Nokri (Marisa): one of these otakons i'm gonna do an eden of the east cosplay so i can get pics in front of the white house
Nokri (Marisa): WAIT SOMEONE DID IT
ICONIC
Nokri (Marisa): in episode one she ||is visiting the USA and runs into a naked dude waving a gun and a cell phone with like 9 billion dollars on it in front of the white house||
Nokri (Marisa): fun couple cosplay idea to do in front of the white house
Bill: THEY DID IT OH MY GOD
Nokri (Marisa): ICONIC
Nokri (Marisa): i hope they asked a local cop to chase them for a pic too
Nokri (Marisa): official otakon photoshoot schedule is up
Nokri (Marisa): same place as regular schedule
Nokri (Marisa): there are two homestuck meetups on saturday, bless
Nokri (Marisa): why is there an 18+ ghibli panel <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Whaaaat the fuuuuck?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Home stuck on Friday too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My hero at 10 am and at night?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): On Saturday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk why individual anime’s always request shoots, the black butler shoot is requested every year and I never hear of anyone going
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like an anime has to be big or have a reason that that particular fandom would be well represented to warrant it
Nokri (Marisa): perfect, i can do 2 bnha and 2 homestuck cosplays on saturday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What are you wearing Saturday 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): black butler usually gets a handful, mostly ciel's and lizzy's and grell's
Nokri (Marisa): <:thinku:543194478614413318> what am i wearing saturday
Nokri (Marisa): is anyone going to the formal?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): When formal?
Nokri (Marisa): friday night
Nokri (Marisa): i'm on the fence leaning towards nah, but i can't remember if i told jim i'd be there
Nokri (Marisa): oh saturday i might do remilia because touhous
Nokri (Marisa): in the evening <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oooo I not there Friday so I cannot weigh in
Nokri (Marisa): OH SHOOT I FORGOT THAT
Nokri (Marisa): 😭
Bill: Nah.
Nokri (Marisa): i have time to remake katara's accessories, and i know where all of her fabric pieces are <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
Friday could be Kagura and Yona and Emma at night
Maybe Saturday could be Katara and Remilia and Ranka
Sunday could be Natsumi or Chise
Nokri (Marisa): OH I WAS GONNA DO MORGIANA TOO
Nokri (Marisa): morgiana and yona same day
Nokri (Marisa): Kagura and Katara friday
Yona, Remilia, Morgiana Saturday
who even knows on Sunday
Nokri (Marisa): cosplay sucks
Nokri (Marisa): brunettes on friday, i can add ochako in there
Nokri (Marisa): *remilia's blue hair messes up redhead saturday*
