Bill: I just mean in the water park Marisa. It’s humid and wet, so I don’t want to leave the camera there any longer than needed.
Bill: @ears case in point if you didn’t say there was was a messed up thread I’d have never know.
Bill: The version of this holster I got with the cosplay is fucking impossible to figure out omg
Bill: As soon as I complain I got it.
Bill: 
Bill: We have V. I’m shit at mirror selfies but   Looks way better than the main story version.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I got new pants for Kiri's hero outfit. The other ones I got weren't as baggy (plus they're thick sweatpants material)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I got some women's harem yoga pants and holy fuck are they comfy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): They're super lightweight modal/spandex blend and really soft
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Might need a hand spraying the bangs day of but formal variant. I’ll have to pin the bow strap to the collar but I think the open look fits Kaminari.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Is there a formal at Ota?
Bill: On friday, no one is going.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ok good
Bill: Saturday night is the jazz club and this is to be fitting for that.
Nokri (Marisa): he ties his bow in the movie but that might be part of the uniform regulation
Bill: ye cause he's a waiter in the movie.
Bill: I still hate wigs man.
Bill: rather than this for the day time though, I got black shorts and the white lightning bolt t shirt with the jacket. Should be cooler.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Unfortunately, pre-tie bow ties aren't really meant to be worn undone
Bill: yeeee   rip
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mel is a nice person but idk how she has 10K followers posting photos like
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like the editing is SO HEAVY
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Are they real followers?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): idk she has like 800 likes per photo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so im leaning towards possibly not
Bill: Weebs don’t want real girls. They want 2.5 girls with smooth skin and unrealistic clothes/proportions.
Bill: But that’s just a factoid, buying followers is more likely.
Bill: 
Bill: Love when people who don’t hold conversations normally start one related to Georgia. 😶
Nokri (Marisa): they're using fallout as a common ground to start a conversation
Bill: She’s thinking an enclave scientist. We’ve yet to find a location for a shoot, but if we do could rope them in.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I wanna get a fallout meet up eventually too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like a cool location shoot + lunch at a vintage diner
Bill: Need a location.
Bill: Oh great explorer of the abandoned <@!334090409389195266> any good spots for fallout?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye locations that are good AND legal will be the trick
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also bill can you tag me in the fallout photo you posted yesterday? It’s super cool so I definitely want it to show up in my tagged pics
Nokri (Marisa): Imagine booking a room and it’s this
Aldus Larian (Jess): so much room for board games
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yoooo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): DND would be lit here
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo i just realized i dont have pants for V anymore cuz they got holes in them <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Nokri (Marisa): punk v
Aldus Larian (Jess): i threw them out
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz they were like stretchy
Nokri (Marisa): trash v
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So... V
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe tom has pants i can borrow
Bill: I've still got some time after doing booking, since at least Georgia was waiting on what I had available.
Aldus Larian (Jess): time for what now
Bill: shoots.
Aldus Larian (Jess): OwO
Aldus Larian (Jess): Biru i will trade you one Denki hair clip for one camera (to borrow)
Bill: 
Bill: the d3300?
Bill: (my old one?)
Aldus Larian (Jess): the one with V on it <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Ye, I can pack it.
Bill: How much you planning on using it?
Bill: Or is it a prop for V?
Aldus Larian (Jess): both!
Bill: then how much? Just to know if I should find the spare battery.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh idk yet i wouldn't worry about packing it
Aldus Larian (Jess): i figure maybe i take pics for mawisa and tom on sunday or soemthing
Bill: Mm. Shoot with me!
Aldus Larian (Jess): you want me to take pics of you? 😮
Bill: Oh I meant of Tom and Marisa. Not cosplaying Sunday.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean i dont have to take pics of them if theyd rather shoot with you or not at all it was just a possible reason for me to use, i was thinking id just use it for pics of people when they dont have like a set shedule or no alot of time
Bill: It's not a competition I'm saying... it'd be good to do together.
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOOO shooting together ok i see now
Bill: yikes. Have I made shooting weird for everyone here with all the soul searching about it since Katsu? 😬
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i just thought you weren't shooting Sunday cuz u didst put schedule up
Bill: I'm not doing anything formally, cause it's hard to schedule around getting out of the hotel and stuff. So the only shooting I wanna do is friends.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i need to make a schedule i think i might wanna do swing lessons at 3 too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You can shoot me as well but I figure we can just do it off the cuff while hanging out at the con rather than a scheduled time? I thought that's kind of how you liked doing it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ^^^
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im good with that in the case we decide toga is worth
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~i also like doing it for funsies tho~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I literally have no plans for Ota other than Marisa shot now so I'm DTS (down to shoot) whenever <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE me too
Bill: I do enjoy being more casual with shoots when I don't have a schedule and can be flexible... Cause everyone decided everything so late this con (myself included) I went with the old standard of actual bookings so I knew I'd have something to do during the day. 

Going with no schedule kinda has to be the plan for the day, rather than part of a scheduled day.
Bill: I guess that's incredibly confusing.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): soooo did you want to have us ask for slots or
Bill: If we're going to be hanging out in my open blocks, I don't suppose we need to formally book things... I just didn't know other people's schedules and if we'll meetup or if you'll be with other people and not want to meetup at the moment or... stuff. 

Yeah okay, it's definitely better to not say "dedicated 30 minutes with Erik" cause I *like* Erik and want to shoot him freely but I just want to make sure I do get to do the shoot on a busy con day cause I like doing that.
Bill: That's not helpful, okay. 

No, don't have to book stuff. After the RE shoot (around 5pm) friday and before the swing lesson (3pm) saturday (except for noon to 1) I'm not booked with anything so we can hang out then and make photos happen during that.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So Saturday 1-3, and after 5pm are your not-busy times
Bill: Saturday Is like, 10-12, 1-3, and then past 8.
Bill: Unless I do the late swing lessons instead.
Bill: 
Bill: Everything'll be fine!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok imma post about being around for otakon
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ill try to keep those time blocks more open
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!184437198865563648> MorningMist is looking for photogs for Ota in case you wanted another shoot to book
Bill: That'd be. Something.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i aint touchin that drama with a ten foot pole
Bill: Is anyone interested in the actual swing club in the evening?
Bill: True, I did just make comments about southern rwbyies, I shouldn't even consider it.
Bill: Nah I'm good. I want to hang out with everyone at the con more, I've got enough shoots as it is.
Aldus Larian (Jess): its seems interesting idk what to wear tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~ill just wear V and drink wine in a corner~~
Bill: You can be casual to it, iirc there was no dress code like formals.
Bill: ugh, I can already tell I'mma be salty when I have to leave everyone to go to that noon shoot.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NfE8Cni9CVe4Hro-EeA5tf4ZN9XItB3CN0FPLf0inJA/edit#gid=0
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A schedule is Done™
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): are there any events going on that i should consider
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i dont really care for any of the guests i dont think
Nokri (Marisa): I was all proud of aligning my eyes correctly and then realized they’re on the wrong side ooops. Those were the good eyes too. 
Kagura’s backpack is gonna have a lord Voldemort situation goin on
Aldus Larian (Jess): :o?
Aldus Larian (Jess): does her backpack have a fface?
Nokri (Marisa): Wrong side ickfjdidvsidhsj
Yeah!
Nokri (Marisa): She has a little Kyo backpack
Nokri (Marisa): The eyes are permanent once the little washlets get pushed in rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): it cute tho!
Nokri (Marisa): Voldemort backpack Kyo
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Sylvia helped me fix it ❤ 💞 💕
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok, so I want to get a thing for Blake for CCE...

so you know how often at like the pool or the beach women wear those cover-ups? like the lightweight "kimono" style cardigans? I kind of want to do something similar but like, a male version
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA that would be neat
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I found this... (also comes in sleeveless) and I definitely think it fits the emo cat boy™ aesthetic
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But then I found this.... Not sure if it'd work for the pool, but regardless I want it lol
Bill: Very Vampire.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I like both
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): another contender
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <@184437198865563648>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *there he is!*
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ~~sorry it took so long~~
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Oh DAMN and ~~that's totally fine you've had alot going on and you come first~~
Andrew: Looks amazing!
Andrew: So does that mean Mirio for ota?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh that looks so good
Bill: Nah, I got my lineup set.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): The only thing that's gonna need tweaking is the sides need to be repinned to fit your head shape. But its sprayed with a lot of hairspray so its crunchy enough to keep its place, you just gotta have someone put Bobby pins so it doesnt sag down
Andrew: Its getting me thinking how im gonna get All mights hair right.
Bill: ~~I wait till con with you~~
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea that's prob a good idea xD the black lime is where it goes though just in case you wanna do mirio before I'm at a con with you o3o
Bill: We approach that when we get to it. THANK what do I owe ya.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Uhhh how about like 40$?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I rarely charge so idk what to even ask for it xD it look me about 5 hours total...so uh I think 40 is reasonable?? Input from yall is welcome
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats super reasonable imo! its good work
Bill: :3c
Bill: All set.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): THANK
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): any input about which one of those cardigan thingies I was looking at?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I like the mesh one
Bill: Don't you have the last one?
Bill: I feel like one of us has worn that.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): What's your Blake swimsuit look like again?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's the black and purple jammers
Aldus Larian (Jess): they all nice but i think the mesh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): with her emblem
Kaio Vermino (Lee): OH RIGHT YES
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also how about these sunglasses?
Bill: Mesh is best for swimsuit.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea I still say the mesh one
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sweet
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And I like those o3o
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Glasses I mean
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~probably still gonna get the long one too~~
Bill: That's a good look for you, cause of your height.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It looks fun to walk down a long hallway in
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~probably won't be floor length *because* of my height though lol~~
Bill: Probably better for you? Dragging on the floor would get dirty.
Bill: Oh, Lee, do I need to keep it on a wig head going forward? I'd need to pick that up.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea. That would be for the best. Otherwise it might get warped
Bill: Will Amazon.
Bill: 👌
Bill: So... Do we wanna revisit that Sunflower farm shoot?
Bill: would have to do that soon since it's an August thing.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm down!
Andrew: 
Andrew: Added straps so it fits better on me
Andrew: Do it wont glop around like in the masq video
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I did the Ruth costest
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Him hair is floof
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I wish y'all could see me hair flipping
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): young snape is that you
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEAH pm
Bill: Kaminari has a clip.
Bill: Kaminari wog a wild mess of Mirio spikes that can’t go up cause the wog stretched too much and imma just have to run with that and hope it look good.
