Nokri (Marisa): aaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAA TAKE ME TO THE GRAFFART CAFE
Nokri (Marisa): pained noises
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOO!
Aldus Larian (Jess): japan?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah lets go
Nokri (Marisa): it's in ikebukuro we can stop by otome road on the way
Nokri (Marisa): and the pokemon center
Nokri (Marisa): and the 9 story art store you'd enjoy that ya
Nokri (Marisa): why rush to the cafe we can make a day out of it lets go
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHOA
Aldus Larian (Jess): that sounds really cool 😭
Nokri (Marisa): **lets go**
i know a used cosplay store with really good prices (right above a new cosplay store with insane prices if you're more into that), a wig shop, and a hair place that specializes in styling cosplay wigs all 5 minutes away from the cafe
and then after a day of shopping
we can enjoy
anime food
Aldus Larian (Jess): ANIME FOOD
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEAH LETS GO
Bill: I need a clip on silver earring for Claude. I could amazon that, but i don't need 3-4 pairs so where does one find them in the *real* world?
Nokri (Marisa): i have gold clip ons somewhere
you can get like 50 from china for $1
Bill: I don't need 50 fake earrings, that's junk.
Nokri (Marisa): think of how swag you'd look wearing all of them at once
Nokri (Marisa): clip ons really aren't popular at all in the US i don't think. i can't recall ever seeing them in stores here. mmmmaybe clare's could have something?
Bill: Probs. 6 bucks for a single pair is fine from amazon, I just didn't want to be paying 12 for three, and the other two sets are gold/black.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I have silver eating cuffs from Amazon!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): They were like 12 bucks I think
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think I have those same ones, the gold silver and black ones lol
Bill: I need the key to my freaking mail box here so I can start buying stuff.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they didn't give that to you yet?
Bill: Last tenant didn’t return them.
Bill: Post office had to make new ones.
Bill: However they dropped them off today woo
Bill: It's a thin slot. More likely they'll be dumping my stuff at the door.
Bill: me: only order the essentials you need for Claude:
also me:
Andrew: I got someone always telling me to buy random stuff
Andrew: I'm like, I'm too poor for things
Andrew: But that hoodie, that's a maybe.
