Nokri (Marisa): Pls tell me we have the hotel connected to the con because this outfit is gonna be so sweaty to wear. It’s already at four layers and I haven’t started the armor.
Nokri (Marisa): Bad picture but proof for Andru that progress is being made
Andrew: Yes it is amazing
Andrew: And look at me, I'm gonna have 3 layers and a heavy cliak
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Is this for ota?
Andrew: Im literally a sauna
Nokri (Marisa): We’re gonna perish
AnimeNEXT
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oooo ye , well the one across the street
Nokri (Marisa): Yee thank goodness. That one has an air conditioned skywalk to the con center
Nokri (Marisa): And even if that’s blocked off it’s at least close and not a bus ride away
Andrew: That bridge was a lifesaver
Andrew: Albeit roundabout
Nokri (Marisa): The top is gonna have a total of six layers and the skirt will have. also six I think. And then the tail and wig 
So much for a nice cool costume
Andrew: Wig will be murder. I shall pray for you
Andrew: Gonna do a test later or tomorrow
Nokri (Marisa): The wig gonna be easy. The tail gonna take forever. I have wig wefts for it and I’m gonna try ventilating the whole thing
Andrew: How will you vent it?
Andrew: Curious
Andrew: And willing to learn the art of the wig
Nokri (Marisa): Layer of netting that I’m gonna ventilate, over a possible layer of fleece. I have to see how much the hair covers when I start it because if the fleece isn’t necessary then it’ll just make everything heavier.
Nokri (Marisa): I tested it on one tiny piece of scrap fabric with my real hair so I’m sure a massive undertaking like this will be nonissue <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Andrew: 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oooooo lightssss
Nokri (Marisa): it shine!
Andrew: really loving the lights
Andrew: gonna be good for effect
Andrew: got a strobe light
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The only comments it shows me
Bill: ~~bullshit she's done three versions~~
Bill: But also I was looking at this morning... where did a fusion of Ren and Nora get Yang Tittys from?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the mind of a man
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: OOh
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): groupon
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea groupons where its at
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 100$ arcade credit
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think thats the one i used for my bachelorette party
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do you know how many plushie s'mores you could attempt to get with that kind of cash???
Bill: ~~what dates tho~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh idk i didnt look, i think it's any dates until the end of may?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): possibly june?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): not sure
Bill: June was the special I got, I'd be surprised they were running both at the same time.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): might just be may
Bill: mm.
Bill: 200ish bucks? sounds like a good Nezumicon.
Aldus Larian (Jess): geekdom sent me those free badges lol
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Same lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): wait so they sent you 2 as well?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's prob the same
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Although I wouldn't be surprised if
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Whooooa whaaat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lucky bois
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I still want that last signature from Kira but ahhhhh it’s not worth it
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk im still leaning to not going
Aldus Larian (Jess): i forget when it even is
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Next weekend
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah 24-26
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’d only be able to maybe go Sunday anyways and oof I’ll see kira elsewhere probably
Nokri (Marisa): artoriagrey just joined the touhou group wow
Bill: wow lol
Bill: Remember when I tried to make friends with her and it didn't work?
Bill: Good times.
Bill: Fate cosplay fandom is pretty elitist though and modern day fate is trash soooooOOOOoooo
Bill: No loss.
Nokri (Marisa): orly? is she mean?
i've just heard her name before so she must be a bigwig
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She's distant
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Not a jerk
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She won't really talk to you
Bill: She's pretty big in Fate Fandom.
Nokri (Marisa): she's cosplaying Marisa so i got really confused when everyone was like "marisa!!!"
Bill: Yeah and I mean, she'll be fine with you I'm sure.
Bill: I'm more digging at my own ability to make friends via cosplay.
Bill: Course at the time I was just photog and that gets a bad rep.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow people cosplay as you? that's wild <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): LIKE THIS so confusing aaaa
Nokri (Marisa): ~~she's not wrong~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It is known
Bill: lol
Andrew: oof my boot covers fit but barely
Andrew: may have to cut the elastic on the bottom to fit the boots i have
Bill: Not feeling Bakugo so much.. Namely the tank top version.
Bill: If I could do the winter version that'd be pretty neat tho.
Bill: Same thing just long sleeve.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): idk i think if youre looking for that wig in particular it was more kaminari than bakugo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): bakugo is lighter+spikier
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that wig is more yellow and had the bangs ya need
Bill: It was, Bakugo was tangential. That wig isn't more than uniform Kaminari (if I get the hair thing) or Jaune.
Bill: Kaminari's hero suit isn't worth the effort, and I'm too Thicc!Thor to be happy with Mirio's.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): idk i disagree kaminari is good for wanting to still be comfy and take photos, while still bein in cosplay
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i dont think mirios would be bad either
Bill: Doing a hero suit is enough of a cosplay that I wouldn't worry about shooting at the same time. Kaminari is a tshirt and jacket, not worth the 100+ bucks to order it.
Nokri (Marisa): You wanna cosplay Bakugo? :0
Is it because you enjoy shouting at Kogara :3c
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You could probably just order individual parts from amazon for kaminari tbh
Bill: I still don't think it's worth it...? Kaminari is a pretty crap character.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and then bim bam boom, lightning bolts on them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): kaminari is my second fav after todo oops
Bill: I like him, but I don't want to *be* him.
Bill: He just. does nothing.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean every shounen has the comic relief characters
Bill: He's at best comedic relief by being dumb or perverted.
Nokri (Marisa): Bakugo? O you’re talking about kaminari
Bill: And that's not something that sounds fun.
Bill: Or at least, not worth the effort for hero suit.
Bill: I can be dumb face in the uniform.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lol you wanna be baku tho?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): he OP and gets a lot of screen time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but idk i find baku annoying
Bill: I'd have fun being an over the top yelling boy.
Nokri (Marisa): U got hooked at kogara
Bill: https://youtu.be/w7lj9qI8VFc?t=1796 <- I'd want to parody this.
Bill: That what I was thinking of when I came to like the idea.
Bill: Just a bunch of angry tirades that just fall apart mind sentence about everyone under the sun.
Bill: But of course Denki is fairly affordable.
Bill: It'd be half the price, also with that beyblade launcher weapon of his.
Bill: I hate that I'm warming up to the idea.
Bill: But alternatively i get a Bakugo hoodie and that'll be the long sleeve version of his top.
Bill: If anyone does pro heroes dibs on Fatgum. ~~as if anyone would take em but~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): whats Fatgum? am lost
Nokri (Marisa): Fatgum cosplayers are really popular in japan
Nokri (Marisa): He’s the guy Kirishima does an internship with
Bill: he fat.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh that guy
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thank marisa
Bill: ~~he look this when he take too much damage tho~~
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve seen several cosplayers of both versions at many events in japan
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh dope
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats just bakugo variant what
Elfriede Faun (Tom): NICE
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa
Bill: basically the excuse is when he uses up all his fat to absorb damage he's ripped underneath.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh dis cute
Bill: ~~punch me kids~~
Bill: ez doesn't have a photo for the cosplay but you know, probably cause they never had to make it.
Nokri (Marisa): They’ve probably made it else they wouldn’t have it on their website
Nokri (Marisa): He’s popular in japan
Bill: is ezcosplay a site they use in japan?
Nokri (Marisa): idk I’ve never used it. Miccostumes has a Japanese site though
Andrew: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Biru do Fatgum so we can do internship arc photos
Bill: Grand Blue cosplay would be nudity.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): looks good andrew!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Just gotta convince Tom to make Tamaki's hero suit <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Yo awesome Andrew.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Andrew: what are we trying to get biru to wear
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That looks great Andrew!
Andrew: thanbk ye all
Bill: I'm trying to decide on stuff. Originally if I wanna do Bakugo, but Georgia said I should do Kaminari,.
Bill: Then I brought up fatgum.
Andrew: I like them all
Andrew: Bakugo is my fav choice tho
Andrew: 😃
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im considering hero suit nejire
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 🥰
Bill: 
Bill: My favorite anime.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): He'd honestly be pretty easy to make. Just modify a yellow hoodie
Bill: You overestimate my want to actually *work* on a cosplay.
Nokri (Marisa): Oh yeah!! Do internship stuff you could have all the characters!!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Especially since it's coming up in October <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: I want a student so I can feel like squad though. Hazel is awesome but it's a little weird with the students.
Nokri (Marisa): Cosplay is all about fun but it’s also work too ;u;
Bill: No work is work.
Bill: Cosplay is a money pit.
Andrew: and pain. dont forget pain
Andrew: But thats the fun part
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Gotta get a RWBY villain group going. If we ever did it, dibs on Watts
Bill: Eh it fine. I should just get ~~another male coco~~ CVFY or Cardin.
Bill: Too bad Eve is the only character left outta Nier.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): robots
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i wanna be a trash can robot
Bill: That involves *crafting*.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its FUUUUUUUUUUUUUN
Bill: if you're *good* at it, I barely managed to fold a box.
Andrew: if i can make things
Andrew: you can
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you dont have to be good at things to make them fun
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea crafting isnt as hard as you think
Aldus Larian (Jess): esspically wth access to the right materials or a tutorial
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): are you afraid of having the "shitty first cosplay" experience?
Bill: Nor does it sound interesting to me, I just want to run around in the group and take photos.
Andrew: i remember my Shitty first cosplay
Andrew: i also has a cringey first cosplay
Bill: No, it's just not my thing. If I was going to work on improving something it would my photography. Cosplay is because I want to be part of the group.
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t wanna sound mean or like a gatekeeper, it’d be fantastic to cosplay with everyone in a group and you need to cosplay more, but it sounds a little belittling when you say stuff like that. 
We all work really hard on our costumes, both in making/assembling them and putting them on the day of the con [insert joke about taking 3 hours to get ready]. Saying you don’t wanna do something because it’s work doesn’t mean it’ll be any less fun.
Nokri (Marisa): You made a good catbus hoodie before, fatgum would be the same thing.
Bill: Andrew did that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea mawisa has good point
Nokri (Marisa): But you were there? There’s thousands of tutorials online
Andrew: i didnt make a hoodie, more like a box on my back
Nokri (Marisa): O Biru was Totoro
Andrew: you amde the totoro one right?
Andrew: that was really good
Bill: Allison did.
Bill: Also I'm not. Belittlting the work you do? My hobby is *photography*, not sewing. Everything you guys do blows my mind and I love to share in that with you through photos and being in a group, but I do not have an interesting in sewing or crafting.
Aldus Larian (Jess): why not both
Aldus Larian (Jess): you dont have to pick one
Nokri (Marisa): It was just the way you were saying things sounded a little upsetting. I didn’t mean to make this a tense situation sorry. The way you were rejecting everything because you didn’t want to work on them. 
Yeah you can do both
Aldus Larian (Jess): I write, I draw, I read, I sew, I craft you dont have to pick one hobby and havng more than one is good
Bill: I'm glad you expressed yourself Marisa no worries.
Aldus Larian (Jess): it not tense!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I feel the same way
Bill: I have multiple hobbies tho? I read, I photograph, I play video games, I write rpgs for ASPN and Aurii, I coordinate events...
Bill: And I barely have time for them with work and my commute.
Bill: Just because it's not something I want to do doesn't mean I think I can't do it?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It seems like you are staying you can't tho
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah you always say you can’t sew or make stuff
Bill: To be honest, I don't think it is. I have bad motor skills so fine motions with my hands are hard, and I don't have much of  a flair for creating something from nothing. Even with a pattern or something I tend to imitate poorly. I don't have an interest in it, so I don't really mind that. 

Technically I can't lol, as in I don't know how.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like me and coding! I can't cuz I don't know how but I could learn with proper instruction, if I wanted
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t really know coding but I’ve built simple websites from scratch
Just give it a chance 🌈
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa
Nokri (Marisa): EYYY CODING EXAMPLE
Bill: WOW it's like you guys escaped a cult together or something.
Andrew: lol
Andrew: im always amazed at you guys
Bill: yeah their obsession with mystic messenger is crazy---
Nokri (Marisa): It’s Ray calling to us from the beyond
Bill: I mean their cosplay is great.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah your cosplay can be great
Bill: yours Marias.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah Maria was a spot on Sakuya for her first ever cosplay
Bill: I have a bunch of tabs open, including Mirio...
Bill: I feel like that wouldn't look good?
Nokri (Marisa): Good!
Nokri (Marisa): Buy it and find out <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Cause it's polyester/fabric, rather than the zentai. Rather than good, I should say inaccurate.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it looks a little cheaply made ngl
Bill: It's 116 bucks to find out. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you might be better off looking for something more quality and not have to "find out" once it gets to you
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): reviews and stuff
Andrew: reveiws are so helpful
Andrew: ive been saved many a time
Bill: The ezcosplay stuff usually looks good. Problem is Mirio's thing is a skin tight suit, so it being fabric would look weird right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ez cosplay scares me
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive only used it like once
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Zentaisuit would honestly be cheaper
Bill: Got Hazel, BNHA uniform, iirc Angel Beats, and Barry from there.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): Ezcosplay used to be notorious for bad costumes idk about nowadays
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Bill seems to be happy with his EZ cosplays and Zonbi loved her Black Widow from EZ cosplay so maybe they've improved in recent years
Bill: pants are always too big but it cause I'm top heavy.
Nokri (Marisa): Improvement!
Bill: I'mma do the custom sizing option and that'll be good.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Skintight suit would prob be better, plus if you're uncomfy with wearing a skintight suitx mens shapewear exists!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): shapewear 💪
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Love that shit
Nokri (Marisa): Shapewear is so good for cosplay
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Especially tight fitting outfits
Bill: mm. tbh Mirio's hero suit is only if Jess actually does Nejire.
Andrew: Why am i looking up very old pics of my costumes
Bill: oof. Side note looked at Fox, there's literally no point in doing him, it's just a red vest.
Bill: And weapons
Bill: There's Neptune?
Nokri (Marisa): Why no individual mirio?
Bill: But he got written out of the show too.
Bill: Aforementioned discomfort with the idea of the hero suit?
Nokri (Marisa): Shapewear, and he’s still a character that exists?
Bill: Neptune isn't.
Nokri (Marisa): Pyrrha and Penny are dead but people still cosplay them
Bill: They totally wrote him out but.
Bill: I mean it fine, just like. The students are RWBY JNPR.
Bill: ~~wait which Neptune~~
Nokri (Marisa): O I was just talking about mirio
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): obviously the first
Nokri (Marisa): Neptunia duh
Andrew: neptunia
Andrew: do it
Andrew: pleassse
Nokri (Marisa): And Rebecca cosplays Sun
Bill: not a chance.
Andrew: boo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/boo-thumbs-down-dislike-WrxoaVPiq0cG4
Bill: ~~replaces Erik as Rebecca's coop target~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): weird flex, but okay
Bill: I'm saving you!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but to volunteer for that? 😂
Bill: Anyway yeah Neptune would probably next after Jaune?
Bill: self sacrificing.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): rebecca is single, and you say none of your female friends are 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I thought Rebecca was seeing a dude now?
Bill: The thought did cross my mind. She apparently can't be left alone in her house for a weekend...?
Nokri (Marisa): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): But a weekend is so short
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve been at home alone with Sylvia since Mother’s Day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): she was flirtin it up last i heard
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but nothin official
Nokri (Marisa): And I’ll probably stay here alone until next month <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): where bojo?
Nokri (Marisa): At work, she’s at the sewing class now. The number of students has decreased so there’s no point in me going. I do office work at home if they need me to do anything there.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but where is she staying?
Nokri (Marisa): Oh she sleeps here, but Sylvia and I are the only ones here for most of the day. She usually leaves at 7-8am and comes home around 10pm
Andrew: thats a long day
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah we need money
Bill: I have parused extensively and made a list.
Andrew: i can understand that
Nokri (Marisa): I try what I can at home, I make the bows and hats and ties and stuff to sell, I manage her shop and eBay account, and I do stuff for the office.
Andrew: Chrommmmm
Nokri (Marisa): What about RF4 Leon
Andrew: Thats good marisa, youre productive
Andrew: more than i can say for myself (something i really cant stand about myself)
Bill: Literally putting fire emblem on there to squad you two. ❤
Bill: Freaking Kaminari being half the price of Bakugo though.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Does bakugo come with the gauntlets
Bill: yeah.
Bill: Everything but boots and wig.
Bill: Hence the high price.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh good then that makes sense
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Cause I was gonna say omg ouch
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): If it didnt
Bill: Even with Kaminari's props it's half the price.
Bill: Port and Oz are low priority tbh...
Bill: really all the rwby stuff is, the uniform is only if that actually happens as a group and Neptune is kinda meh, only if I really feel left out as Hazel/Pilot Boi.
Bill: Bakugo's wog too... It's more common than Mirio so maybe the prestyled would work, but the Mirio one was definitely a (ha) flop.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the prestyled isnt really prestyled, but it helps
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the way its cut helps you style it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i didnt style mine because i was lazy as fuck
Bill: yours was good tho?
Bill: Already?
Bill: <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i just cut it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and then flipped it upside down
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and sprayed it with hairspray xD
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you can borrow it if you do bakugo? im sure we wont be doing him at the same time
Bill: The basically 400 bucks though.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea, but like ***if***
Bill: Yeah no.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): xD
Bill: I want to save on shipping which is why I went through and found all the possibles I was thinking about.
Bill: ~~not sure where I was going with the yeah no~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): well whatever you decide the offer still stands
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and im always here to help with small things like wig styling and sizing down costumes and stuff if you need help
Bill: Thank.
Bill: ❤
Bill: Just trying to decide if it's really worth that much.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i mean with what you already have, id say to go for kaminari
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its easier, and cheaper
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and you already have the wog
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and youd still get to be part of the group
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~i also kinda feel like bnha is dwindling down a liiiiiittle bit~~
Bill: That's why I was asking about it the other day...
Aldus Larian (Jess): It will go back up in the fall
Bill: true, new season.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): true
Aldus Larian (Jess): Rwby too
Andrew: 
Bill: I suppose another way to think about it is rather than bank on Bakugo, do Kaminari for the fun of it and leave the extra funding around for Mirio should I do the zentai suit.
Andrew: More testing got the brooch on
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LOOKS GREAT ANDREW
Bill: You doing this so fast Andrew damn.
Andrew: I'm off today
Bill: I love your motivation these days. 👍
Andrew: Pretty much just working on it
Andrew: I want to get it done
Andrew: Gonna work on the undershirt now
Andrew: I think I made the chest armor too big
Bill: Me: Bakugo too expensive at 373
Also Me: Chrom to cosplay with Marisa and Andrew, worth 327.
Andrew: 
Bill: Yo!
Bill: What a hero!
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: what is poly urethane?
Andrew: plasatic
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like a sealer
Bill: is. This plastic?
Andrew: ...
Andrew: not sure
Bill: I'm confused.
Andrew: maybe they meant polyester?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I think it's supposed to say polyester
Bill: But this one is 30 dollars more than the polyester one.
Bill: <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Polyurethane is a type of faux leather
Andrew: ^
Andrew: i just gogoled it too lol Erik beat me
Aldus Larian (Jess): This is what I'm familiar with 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like PVC can be a type of fabric but also plumbing pipes lol
Andrew: I always thiink of Anext one year a Rick was shouting how all these people spend money on polyurethene tits
Andrew: referencing figures
Nokri (Marisa): how to make jacket: paint skin
Bill: I have a brown leather jacket with no fur... Getting another one miiiight not be worth.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like my dad used it to seal wood
Nokri (Marisa): leather jackets are just made of skin that isn't yours
Nokri (Marisa): double skin later
Bill: Fatgum, Kaminari...
Bill: Chrom or RE2 Leon...
Bill: ~~feels weird to not be considering something RWBY~~
Nokri (Marisa): chrom for robin <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: I can be your Dad too!
Andrew: is that shipping
Nokri (Marisa): chrom x robin yes
Nokri (Marisa): are you doing spring exalt version?
Bill: MaRiSa NoW
Andrew: like blueberry father like blueberry daughter
Bill: Nah, I was going to do normal.
Nokri (Marisa): i don't have normal lucina <:rip:369476083248267274>
Andrew: make bowcina
Andrew: best lucina
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: OOf.
Bill: Taking my own measurements tho.
Bill: Tis stressful cause I don't want to do it wrong.
Nokri (Marisa): i got sick of doing that and keep it on my phone. there's an app to store it
Andrew: ive got a sheet somewhere with mine
Andrew: oldschool
Nokri (Marisa): what's paper
Andrew: 
Andrew: It screams bill
Bill: Not at all tbh.
Andrew: Youre right
Andrew: but i can dream
Nokri (Marisa): Wow cool picture or Biru
Nokri (Marisa): The final pleat is smaller than all the others because but at least it looks seamless ;u;
Andrew: well done
Bill: Mild concern I measured wrong.
Andrew: measure again
Andrew: trust me, that feeling wont go away all you can do is double check un til youre satisfied
Andrew: i was paranoid about all might suit but it came in perfectly
Bill: I dunno if I'm DOING it right tho.
Andrew: ask someone else to do it for you
Andrew: and follow the chart
Bill: ~~this is stressful I should just have them tailored after the fact~~
Andrew: i believe in your measuring skills
Andrew: ~~dont spend more than you ahve to~~
Bill: ~~I'm 10 inches under the standard for arm length~~
Andrew: marisa taught me that
Andrew: ?
Andrew: what chart are you using
Bill: This isn't from ez, ez doesn't have a listing for sleeve length.
Bill: They want the arm measurements tho.
Andrew: whats your sleeve length
Nokri (Marisa): 10 inches? are you measuring correctly?
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: I think 37, I measured incorrectly.
Bill: They want arm length. the 37 should be accurate then.
Bill: hahaaaaa rip there's no benefit to a batch order.
Bill: All four would be jusssst about 1100. Leon (with tact armor), Chrom with boots and sword, Kaminari with beyblade launcher, and fatgum.
Andrew: wow
Nokri (Marisa): that's an apartment for a month
Bill: Not in jersey rip.
Nokri (Marisa): in tokyo
Nokri (Marisa): that's a round trip flight to tokyo
Bill: PA too.
Bill: I do have an extra paycheck this month, cause 5 weekends this month.
Bill: Err Friday’s.
Bill: Which I should put away but you know.
Bill: Cosplay.
Bill: Imma probably drop Leon or Chrom tho.
Nokri (Marisa): that a good idea. is too expensive.
Bill: I’m mildly more interested in the resident evil and it’s currently big from remake, but Chrom I’d have friends in you and Andrew.
Bill: RE hype isn’t going to last long tho.
Bill: Or drop both I guess.
Bill: Actually to start, since there’s no discount for bulk orders, imma just do Kaminari and Fatgum.
Nokri (Marisa): 1100 is so insane i can't wrap my mind around it
Nokri (Marisa): that's a whole month's salary
Bill: It’s a bit excessive even for me.
Andrew: ill say
Nokri (Marisa): you could buy like 3 really nice anime figures for that price
Bill: It’s a 3rd of my camera price.
Bill: That came out to like 27 hundred?
Nokri (Marisa): wHAT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: 2,700ish.
Bill: With a kit lens. My 16-80mm I use all the time.
Nokri (Marisa): that could purchase many out of season fruits for years
Andrew: what a way to put it
Andrew: im browsing photoshoots on the anext page
Bill: Hmm. Maaaaybe not.
Andrew: so far nothing conflicts for me with FE
Andrew: unless Billiam takes RWBY to the 2 to 3 hour mark
Bill: Rwby is the 2 to 3 mark guy.
Bill: Always is.
Andrew: 2 to 3 hr*
Bill: Oooh.
Andrew: like, 2 houyr long shoot
Bill: Shit when is fe?
Andrew: 3 to 4
Andrew: i put it right after rwby for your sake
Andrew: pkus 4-5 is a bit late for how much arm or FE has
Bill: Oof I actually hate that but it’s for the best. I booked Kirsten at 4:30.
Bill: I wanted to mingle after the shoot. ~~I say that and never do of course~~
Nokri (Marisa): these are both on saturday?
Andrew: yea
Bill: Ye.
Nokri (Marisa): is anyone here cosplaying rwby
Nokri (Marisa): hmm
Bill: I guess imma Hazel?
Andrew: ive got Ow from 12 to 1 i think
Bill: What a group shoot day.
Nokri (Marisa): i was gonna do raph on saturday because masquerade and i don't feel like putting her on twice
Andrew: when are we shooting Shield Hero
Andrew: i can do saturday
Andrew: ill prob wear naofumi a bnit friday and sat
Andrew: depending when MHA is
Nokri (Marisa): it a shame because flora's also doing fire emblem
i'd like to wear a rwby again but i wouldn't match with anyone so not really a point to that
Nokri (Marisa): get thrown out as neon again <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Andrew: ~~if i do ryoma thats like 5 costumes i have to bring~~
Andrew: all with armor and heavy things
Nokri (Marisa): good
Andrew: i could have...
Andrew: A LINEUP
Andrew: what time do you want to do us marisa?
Nokri (Marisa): idk i don't have my time yet
Nokri (Marisa): after the 25th
Bill: Gotta fill the calendar.
Andrew: from 1 to 2 on sat im free so keep that in mind
Andrew: after 2* i eman you guys ahve rwby
Andrew: so i wont count that as free time
Bill: So shoot requests people.
Nokri (Marisa): anything that i've mentioned i'm bringing is my request
Bill: ~~lord knows I ain’t booking non friends again~~
Bill: Well, I have Kirsten!
Andrew: Id like to request john and i for promised nevberland
Nokri (Marisa): PROMSEID NEVRLFAND
Bill: John too?
Andrew: hes got his ray together
Nokri (Marisa): i never got my katsu pictures of that back aaaa
but i've worn her to the last two cons alreadyyyy
Andrew: this time ill understand the ear
Andrew: yea bill he is doing ray
Andrew: we got the pants at an amish department store
Bill: Lol
Andrew: same with my anofumi ones
Bill: But I need time frames to put you in.
Andrew: friday could be easy
Andrew: or sunday
Andrew: since it is my relax cosplay
Andrew: im asking him now
Nokri (Marisa): i could fit emma in at the end of a day
Bill: 8:30 is sunset damn.
Andrew: so far my lineup is Norman/All Might/Naofumi/Robin(or Ryoma depends/Soldier 76
Andrew: friday night?
Nokri (Marisa): ~~biru u didn't want to shoot neverland before <:lenny:395307171539189760>~~
Nokri (Marisa): could do friday night after the ball
Andrew: im down for that
Elfriede Faun (Tom): IT GOOD, W A T C H I T B I R U
Andrew: there is gonna be a isabella around
Andrew: i saw on the page
Nokri (Marisa): ~~pulls up biru's denial receipts from zenkai and katsu, covered in salt <:lenny:395307171539189760>~~
Bill: Never mind I won’t shoot it.
Nokri (Marisa): nOO
Nokri (Marisa): i ruined it
Andrew: *trying to get Aaron to do Krone~
Bill: I wanna see Marisa in the shoot tho.
Andrew: nooooooooo
Nokri (Marisa): a krone would be cool
Andrew: dont leave us
Bill: After the ball is a no go.
Andrew: before the ball?
Andrew: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Possssibly? Whose doing the ball.
Nokri (Marisa): the tattoo would be hard to erase in a short timespan, that's shower removal stuff
Bill: Sunday?
Andrew: maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaybe me
Andrew: big IF
Andrew: we got temp tattos in the mail;
Nokri (Marisa): could change into it at some point on sunday if whatever else i'm wearing can be stuffed into a backpack and i change in the bathroom
Andrew: i like sunday or fridays
Nokri (Marisa): thursday?
Andrew: dunno if ill be down early enough
Andrew: my work schedule depends
Andrew: im expecting done work at 830
Andrew: head down after that
Nokri (Marisa): i only have manaka on thursday
oh
Andrew: i can be  there prob around 11
Bill: Yeah I dunno if Thursday would work.
Bill: Can we pause this while I eat dinner?
Bill: Don’t wanna be too rude.
Andrew: *paused for food*
Andrew: say hi to your parents i havent seen them in a while
Andrew: lol
Nokri (Marisa): is there even a good spot at anext to do a neverland shoot? there's no trees and the layout is a little wonky
Andrew: i think theres trees around the back
Andrew: i swear ive seend them,
Andrew: but we have the hill out front, if its clear we could get something
Andrew: likle a drassy hill
Nokri (Marisa): OH YEAH i forgot about that area
Nokri (Marisa): that'd be good
Andrew: where we did a spring shopot
Andrew: side note im going to post int he Fe shoot about what people may be wearing
Andrew: just to spark some discusision
Nokri (Marisa): flora will probably do flora at another con so i can improve corn and do that with her at a later con
Nokri (Marisa): OH SNAP there's a songwriter for macross gonna be there. i should bring one of my rankas or sheryl.
Nokri (Marisa): she wrote the lyrics for universal bunny dang it
Nokri (Marisa): THE GUYS WHO SANG THE THEME SONG FOR "CONBINI KARESHI" ARE GONNA BE THERE
Nokri (Marisa): i have absolutely NO idea who they are but i want to meet them
Nokri (Marisa): any people who sing for an anime where the premise is "boyfriends and convenience stores" must be amazing
Nokri (Marisa): i need to remember how to speak japanese to meet the conbini kareshi boys
Nokri (Marisa): i want to meet the girl who wrote the lyrics for universal bunny but her page says she has aspergers and i don't want to make her suddenly uncomfortable
