Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Are y'all taking Thursday of CCE off as well?
Bill: I did.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm thinking of doing that as well. I have another vacation day that I'd otherwise use for the day after Christmas but like, I remember being at work seeing y'all having fun at the Kalahari already and dying because I wanted to leave so I think I'm just gonna take that day off as well lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think I'm going to do a half day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): hmm, or I could do what I did for Katsu and work an hour earlier M-Th and leave at noon on Thurs...
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I'll leave around 12:30 and then do home pack the car prob be there around 3-4?
Bill: I took a half day last year but I don't want to deal with work stuff in the morning, not to mention I'll worry they'll schedule meetings that'll delay me getting there.
Bill: I also won't actually do any work, so I'd feel bad calling it 'working'.
Bill: Still, not like I'm going to sleep in the thursday like I planned because I never do...
Bill: <@!334090409389195266> Kaiju party is 1pm, RWBY is 2pm, so can get you some video of the big red furry reveal. That said, if you wanted Hunter specifically I'd pester him some more. 🙂
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yeee!!! Thank you
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Me realizing I can be rude to snow at cce because its canon as catra if shes gonna insist on being shera
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:then_perish:554720548274569246>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Snow doesn’t strike me as a She-ra
Kaio Vermino (Lee): She really doeant LMAO like shes been insisting on doing shera for months and rebecca, who never speaks her mind ever, was like "oh I thought you would do  a more sassy princess or entrapta. But she-ra is good too!"  

And I was like.... mmm ..... she just wants to do she-ra so she can get more photos with me like what happened at the marvel shoot at zenkai
Kaio Vermino (Lee): When she dragged me away from the full shoot to have a private two person shoot with her.... <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Aldus Larian (Jess): girl needs to get over it
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Honestly.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Heck off
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 👏
Bill: Ha.
Bill: Three houses uniforms are good for con balls.
Bill: Considering they go to a ball in them in canon.
Nokri (Marisa): some of the girls' outfits wouldn't work
Nokri (Marisa): most of them, actually <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: Well it fits! Barely on the jacket and it’s a Rowan shirt I’m wearing rather than the tank top yellow shirt it came with and I reaaaaaally need to starting eating better again but
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh shit that looks nice
Aldus Larian (Jess): Eyyy looks good
Bill: It does really suit me, despite everything I was worried about ~~and am now worried about, I don't need the jacket tearing holy shit~~. 😊
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Dope!
Bill: Big worry.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm sure everyone brings spare needles to cons
Bill: Probably but I gotta.
Bill: Gotta make something work.
Andrew: It looks good.
Andrew: Havent even begun mine.
Bill: Thank.
Bill: Imma see if this worry can turn into some health motivation.
Andrew: I brought out my sketchbook a bit ago, I want to start sketching ideas tonight for the armor.
Bill: Isn’t David Simpson someone we ~~avoid~~ know?
