Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!301927856240459777> can you do special effects on photos?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I had someone messaging me asking who does photography and uses photoshop at Otakon
Nokri (Marisa): Depends on the effect :0
If I can find a tutorial for it online then yee
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Okie I recommended you then :3
Nokri (Marisa): I owe u my life
Bill: Is there any plan to coordinate cosplay day(s) at Ota?
Nokri (Marisa): i think everyone's cosplaying different stuff?
Nokri (Marisa): unless most people haven't decided yet and i imagined that
Bill: Georgia is doing Toga for her one day, Erik was planning Nat on saturday but no Cap to go with it so I dunno if he flexing that. I don't think Tom and Jess have planned anything, Kurto is doing Seige with Ash and Dave last I heard... That's all I've gathered.
Nokri (Marisa): i've posted stuff i'm bringing
Bill: I missed it ><
Bill: Corn probably, cause you wanted to do that with Flora.
Nokri (Marisa): i said corn was too hot and i look too bad as corn. corn was good for outside at katsu, probably bad for outside at ota
Bill: Oh I must have tuned that out cause you're a cute Corn. =3
Nokri (Marisa): oo canon hooky swimsuits for adult monica and danny were posted
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Bill: what are you bringing then?
Nokri (Marisa): all mega light/easy stuff. seikan hikou ranka, kagura, morgiana, blake, yona, and saber/chise/natsumi whatever i can find of those. maybe also manaka.
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna bring nia because of trigger but it's just not worth it
Bill: Why not?
Bill: Which Kagura?
Nokri (Marisa): fruits basket, though i've been thinking about making love is war
i'm sad all my costumes melt and i don't want nia to melt
Nokri (Marisa): also she bulky
Bill: I thought it was a pretty light weight dress but I might be remembering wrong. Yeah I thought of love is war first.
Nokri (Marisa): am i able to hitch a ride down with anyone 汨
Nokri (Marisa): nia's dress is two layers but she also has a gold belt, neckpiece, hairpieces, and multiple arm bands, plus special shoes
Bill: And that stuff is what would melt I take it
Nokri (Marisa): ye
Nokri (Marisa): <:rip:369476083248267274>
Nokri (Marisa): just like crescent rose and raphtalia's sword
Bill: ~~If I were to buy you worbla would you be able to craft with it~~
Nokri (Marisa): worbla would melt
Bill: Isn't worbla more resistant than the clay stuff tho?
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't use clay stuff tho i used wonderflex which is basically cheaper worbla
Nokri (Marisa): one side's fabric backed
Nokri (Marisa): i need a way to get to otakon but i don't need a ride back
Bill: We'll make it happen. I gotta go now tho.
Bill: Chat about it when everyone is around.
Nokri (Marisa): i pay with muffins
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Lowkey with probably nix Nat because heat
Nokri (Marisa): biru come back everyone's logging in
Nokri (Marisa): i have a plastic tab here and i really want to eat it
Nokri (Marisa): looks fruity
Nokri (Marisa): He窶冱 gorgeous I love him
https://twitter.com/1293maron/status/1145886519351078912?s=21
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Damnnn
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Why does it remind me of black butler
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo yeah it does kind of look like cross dressing ciel
El氣電e Faun (Tom): YEAH
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I KNEW I WASNT CRAZY
Andrew: I want to do All might with someone
