N🆗ri (Marisa): first round of fabric shopping tomorrow because i have to go in and teach the class
i hear one of the students is a violin teacher. maybe i could trade with her for lessons. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YES
Dirty Lego (Tom): IT IS I
Dirty Lego (Tom): TOKIDOKI
Dirty Lego (Tom): TOKIDORI
Dirty Lego (Tom): DOKIDOKI
Dirty Lego (Tom): TODORORO
N🆗ri (Marisa): WOW DOKIDOKI
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ITS TOTORO
Dirty Lego (Tom): RORORORO
N🆗ri (Marisa): TOE AND LOKI
Dirty Lego (Tom): COKE AND QWERTY
Dirty Lego (Tom): TIM AND LARRY
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Tokidoki
Dirty Lego (Tom): CHICKEN AND GNOCCHI
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Man the preliminary Zenkaikon panel list sucks again
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): There’s a Naruto pajama party
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It’s like a dozen cosplay 101 panels, boring debate panels for old animes, another dozen representation in anime panels, and some random stuff
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And there is STILL a my little pony panel
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And I’ve heard nothing back about the my hero panel yet
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oh did you get the email too?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Why did I get it
N🆗ri (Marisa): OH YEAH biru signed up for one
N🆗ri (Marisa): Sorry biru your panel’s not on here but that nautical panel is listed like three times. 
This is a very bad way to announce panels.
N🆗ri (Marisa): katarina what is wrong with your inconsistent color palette 😣
N🆗ri (Marisa): omg i should get a bunch of cheap cake snacks and put them on a fancy platter for her lol
Bill: Oh I got the zenkai panel list too.
Bill: ~~My email always assume stuff from Zenkai is spam~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i wanna seee
Bill: ~~photographer bash session~~
Bill: Weirdly worded, have little expectation for content provider.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i like the random period at the end
Bill: I dunno, will Marisa rat me out to Zenkaikon if share the list?
Bill: It says not to publicize the list.
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~i was gonna mention that's illegal~~
~~but the con is being run so horribly this year i'm torn~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): pretend i'm not here
oops your copy/paste button slipped
N🆗ri (Marisa): *just DO NOT leave it leave this discord under ANY circumstances*
N🆗ri (Marisa): im watchin u
Bill: ```+2 Comedy Presents Beyond the Tentacle: Fit to be Hentai'd

+2 Comedy Presents Stay Doomed

+2 Comedy Stand-Up Comedy Spectacular

3D Scan Your Friends Into Minis

A guide to Plus size Jfashion with Porcelainette, Mahoushounen and special guest Graveyard Rave!

A History of Thedas

All Hail the Seam Ripper! A Beginner’s Guide to Sewing for Cosplay

AMV 101: Get In the Game

AMV 202: You Can [now] Advance

An Introduction to Competitive Pokemon

Anime for Kids

Anime that got Lucky

Art Film or Aren't Film?

Asexuality in Modern Media

Before Madoka: Deep Dark Magical Girl Series and Moments

B-Horror & Sci-Fi: The Good, The Good-Bad, The Bad-Bad & The Ugly

Buddhism 101: An Introduction

Bullying in Fandom

Capital City Jedi Knights - Combat in Costume

Care and Feeding of Cosplay

Care for a Jelly Baby?

Color Theory and Cosplay with Kurenai Kiba

Common Courtesy: Con and Hotel Etiquette

Copic Marker Basics & Illustration Techniques

Cosplay and the Art of the Ball Gown

Cosplay Cosmetics

Cosplay Dance Off

Cosplay for Anyone: Body Painting and other FX

Cosplay on a Budget

Cosplay Photography 101

Cospositivity / Body Positivity

Costuming for a Cause

Could You Please NOT? Photography Etiquette

D.I.Y. Zines

Dance Fossils: A J-pop Dance Throwback

Digimon: 20th Anniversary!

Disability in Anime

Diversity in the Magical Girl Genre

Don't Wig Out!

Dr. Mario's Horrible Sing-a-long Panel

Dressforms for Dummies

Dumb Myths: Stupid Superstitions & Creepy Curses

Eye of Argon reading

Failed Americanized Anime

FLCL Progressive: What Went Wrong?

Folklore of Pennsylvania and the Lancaster area

Forged in Foam: A Guide to Crafting Armor & Props

Foundations of Worldbuilding

Full Frontal Nerdity: The Lewd Panel

Gateway to Horror: Creepy Kids Media

Genderqueer Representation in Anime

Go Nagai in the U.S.A.

Going K-Pop Bananas

Good Omens: Good Luck and Bad Luck in Anime
```
Bill: ```
How The Women Of Robotech Changed Animation

How to be a Game Master and run a game.

How to Finish A Story

Hyrule: A History Adult Timeline

I Mustn't Run Away…I Mustn't Run Away…An Evangelion Debate Panel

Introduction to Hentai (18+)

Japanyan!

Joey Jojo's Wacky Trip: The Good, The Bad, and the Duwang

Keeping Friendship Magic: We're Not Flawless

Lesser Known Magical Girls: The good and the NO

Lessons Learned from Studio Ghibli

Lets Dub a Hentai: The Threequel

Let's Make a Game

Let's NaNoWriMo!

Little bits of magic in Wizarding World of Harry Potter

Lost In Translation

Make your own horned headband Mk II

Masters of Grayskull

Merica! (America in Anime)

Mold Making and Materials for Cosplay

More than a Pretty Face: The Women of Gundam

Naruto Pajama Party!

Nat 20! The Audience Driven Adult Roleplay Game

Nautical Nonsense: A look into Japanese Naval History and the Anime It Spawned

Nautical Nonsense: A look into Japanese Naval History and the Anime It Spawned

Nautical Nonsense: A look into Japanese Naval History and the Anime It Spawned

Nostalgia Bombastic with Kurenai Kiba & Doomastic

Oh for the Love of Folklore: A Fan’s perspective on Rumiko Takahashi’s work.

Okinawan Karate Workshop

Otaku Parenting: How to Share Your Fandom with Your Family

Pepakura: The Art of Papercraft

Play (Dirty) to Win!

Plumbobs and Cowplants

Pokémon: The Original Dark Journey

Puro-Ani: Wrestling X Anime

SasqWatch-13 Cryptids The Government Doesn't Want You To Know About! Click Here To Learn More!!!

Space Pirates and Alien Queens: A look at the Leijiverse

Sports or Anime? Why Not Both?

Stand Back...I'm going to try KITBASHING!

Steven Universe: Gay Space Rocks

Still Dreaming: 20 Years of SEGA Dreamcast

Superstitious Yaoi

Tabletop DM'ing 101

Thanks for Playing! 30 Years of SEGA Genesis

The 40 Tabletop Games You Must Play
```
Bill: ```
The amazing 2000s you all forgot existed

The Best of Marvel (2015-2018)

The Cat Lovers Guide to Cat Manga

The Chilling Adventurous Sabrina Panel

The Gay Animation Renaissance

The Hunt For Tuatha de Danaan: Connections between Full Metal Panic and the literary works of Tom Clancy

The Pidgeys and the Beedrills

The Secret Guide to Running Panels

The Theory of Zelda: Theory of the Wild

To Err is Gundam…

Tokyo 2020: Tips & Tricks For Attending The 2020 Summer Olympics

Unlicensed Anime: We’re Waiting…

Video Game Story Development 101

Walt Disney's America

Welcome to ACTION CASTLE

Werewolves of London: History's First Serial Killers

Whadda You Know Mullet! A Voltron Panel

Wiggin’ Out?!?!

Workmanship of Costumes & Props

Your Mom's Mario Maker Challenge```
N🆗ri (Marisa): can't wait to go to Nautical Nonsense: A look into Japanese Naval History and the Anime It Spawned 3 times
Dirty Lego (Tom): Are you fit to be hentai'd?
Bill: ~~While the RWBY improv panel is terrible specific, I mean, there's like three zelda lore panels~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): a lot of the zenkaikon staff are older and not very in touch with what's popular among fandom unless they've heard it 90000 times, which is why there's naruto and a lot of nostalgia panels
Bill: would also explain `Otaku Parenting: How to Share Your Fandom with Your Family
`.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Update log 413
I ran out of bobbin thread and didn’t feel like replenishing it so I moved on to the shoes. Plastic is not stable enough to form a base by itself with the tools available to me. I started dismantling existing shoes to use as a guide that I’ll stick the plastic to. Scissors and exacto knives aren’t sharp enough so I need to find industrial wire cutters.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Biru do you keep a running list of Instagram tags I use for you because I can’t remember if I’ve used one before or not
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’ll just use a definitely new one
N🆗ri (Marisa): O you can’t see your logo on dark backgrounds heads up
N🆗ri (Marisa): darn I went back and looked. I already used rikki tikki tltwm that’s a good one
Bill: Nope. I need to make one, but I don't know whose posts to go through and I have to do it manually cause insta doesn't have an API and I haaaaate that.
Bill: *who the fuck do you think comments on these stupid lineup posts?*

*Photographers*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ussually other cosplayers looking to meet up
N🆗ri (Marisa): Somebody give that cosplayer some grapes
N🆗ri (Marisa): M.......maternity....? Of a high school character..............?
*maternity of a literal child......?*
Is this person ok
Dirty Lego (Tom): HMMM
Dirty Lego (Tom): I'm guessing there just pregnant
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye they are
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but prob should have picked a diff character
