Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): If it’s in the room rules that hating me is illegal does that mean I can get away with doing all sorts of horrible stuff like leaving swirly piles of toothpaste in random places and making towel origami with all the towels and pillow covers
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): When everyone leaves the room I take all the costumes in the closet and tuck them into the bedsheets and put the wigs on the pillows so it looks like the costume is sleeping <:lenny:395307171539189760> 
~~I wouldn’t do that I promise I don’t touch other people’s stuff ever~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yes
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah cause you’d be disobeying another rule!
Bill: I was going to swing up saturday night Georgia, but that entirely depends on the snowfall.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): You’re coming as a FRIEND
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): You are always welcome
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Keep me upd8d as you can
Bill: ~~It's more about being 'the other photographer', the one without the lights and backdrops and fancy shit whose less exciting and memey~~
Bill: But getting through today, tomorrow I'll worry tomorrow tomorrow...! <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I've just now realized I've got a inferiority complex against Hunter. That's all it boils down to. He's super con staffer, famous cosplayer's friends, has tons of time to shoot, lots of gear, he's a meme personality rather than a salty old bag, everyone seems to love him, and that's not even about the photos themselves. I'm just a prideful shit kappa
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~ye~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i get like that sometimes too tho so i get it, you just gotta recenter yourself when you start thinkin like that
Bill: on what?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): understand that you are not the same person, you have your own strengths and situation and that worrying about these things does nothing for you
Bill: Worrying may do nothing, but like... Doesn't take much of a leap for everyone to start shooting with Hunter for things and I suddenly don't get to do the cosplay photography I enjoy...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont think thats how it works though. I think you are simply being stubborn nothing can stop you from doing what you want to do besides yourself. no one is refusing to shoot with you. people can always use more pictures. if you go sunday bring your camera, some bnha ideas and ask people to shoot them. you can go outside for short stints, or use the natural lighting in georgias kithcen/dining room. she had a beautiful house, its always photo ready you dont need any fancy backdrops but hunter would prob let you use his, and teach you about his lighting stuff if you are not familiar.
Bill: I dunno, I get a little hung up on Leanna never following through with shoot plans we'd talk about in server... that's as 'I don't really want to put in the time/effort/gas to do that' as the non confrontational get. My life could turn into a whole bunch of that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it could... or it could not
Bill: And you never know until you try.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mmhmm
Bill: I hate when the shit I preach to other people gets zinged at me.
Bill: Says something about Kotoricon right there.
Bill: Also note that all Facebook can report is people have *seen* it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
