Bill: +1 male coco.
Bill: Women just. Don’t cosplay her.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is odd considering how much of a badass bitch she is
Bill: Fashionable and can fuck you up like?
Bill: What a girl.
Bill: 10/10.
Bill: Is it the outfit just boring compared to other girls? Not enough screen time?
Bill: Kininarimasu.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Wack
N🆗ri (Marisa): someone i know finished a new costume and i think they used a prosthetic from that canadian prosthetic site!
N🆗ri (Marisa): I should’ve taken a before picture of the wig I can’t tell if it’s better or not rip
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): what wig
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): o3o
N🆗ri (Marisa): Was doing some straightening on a few new wigs so decided to restyle ruby <:rip:369476083248267274>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): OHHHHHHHHHHHH
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): RUBY
N🆗ri (Marisa): They call me the singe because I always burn my wigs with irons <:pew:543202259085950996> 
By they I mean my conscious
Bill: According to Facebook memories this past weekend was Zenkaikon, back when Zenkai was warm.
Bill: It’s been two years Georgia. Huu-zah.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yee two years since cosplay wrestling was good
Bill: Rip uncle yo.
Bill: ~~cosplay wrestling good?~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): It used to be
Karl still goes to conventions but it’s mostly small local ones
Bill: Yeah. I follow his page.
N🆗ri (Marisa): My wig is simultaneously better and worse than it was before
I think it’s the lack of hairspray and the fact I got fed up and started hacking away at it
N🆗ri (Marisa): With reckless abandon
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): that sounds like a ruby thing to do
N🆗ri (Marisa): Wow guys did you hear that
Irl ruby said it’s a ruby thing to do I guess we’re both canon
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): there can only be one
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so i guess we have to fight
N🆗ri (Marisa): I cede
My crescent rose is bent and my scissors are dull from hacking away with reckless abandon
You are the True:tm;
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): better add that to my insta bio
N🆗ri (Marisa): i added a note but Biru should really give you a special role
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its ok ill just go do 15 consecutive insta stories expressing why im canon ruby
Bill: *do it*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ill make my own FAQ
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): filled with questions about being canon ruby
N🆗ri (Marisa): Good good. When you’re interviewed send them to your FAQ
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): absolutely
Bill: Im waiting
N🆗ri (Marisa): wait I’m sorry please look at this selfie filter I found
N🆗ri (Marisa): Thanks back to waiting
Bill: CUTE
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): L)OOKS SO GOOD
Bill: you look like Leanna.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I RELINQUISH MY CANON RUBY TITLE AND GIVE IT TO YOU
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMaO BBILL
Bill: *And she’s irl rwby so*
N🆗ri (Marisa): NO NO THATS YOUR TITLE I ALREADY GABE YOU NOTE SEE
Leanna reigning champ
N🆗ri (Marisa): me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): wait not you really look like me
N🆗ri (Marisa): You still gotta write your FAQ
N🆗ri (Marisa): Mfw Leanna writes her FAQ and is invited as a special guest to rtx as the irl ruby she is
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
