Bill: I mean, you do you Marisa?
N🆗ri (Marisa): I have enough for everyone in the room so no one gets left out
N🆗ri (Marisa): They all my size tho
Bill: Only if Dave wears one.
N🆗ri (Marisa): He can have the backless one
Bill: I’d go with tight black shirt.
Bill: Makes you want to see.
Bill: Unrelated: maybe... I should tell Zeikani to invite this 2B? Make a friend of friend? It’s going to be a girl right so... odds are still 20 to 1 that their gay or taken but.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Well I already rearranged my schedule
N🆗ri (Marisa): new frond
Bill: You can both be in the shoot. I’ve never limited a shoot to one of a character before.
Bill: Sure it more work for me, but *I have to meet new people yippie.*
Bill: ~~watch it’s somehow fucking Lulu~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): fun drinking game, take a shot every time you meet a new person at con
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): marisa has to go to the hospital for overdoses on chocolate milk
Bill: *Anna isn’t bringing enough bagels for that.*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): TRU
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oof now i want a bagel
Bill: Are you against it Jess?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh no!
Bill: Let’s see what happens...
N🆗ri (Marisa): what are the odds it’s someone I know
Bill: Maybe.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My sticky bra i use for 2b stuck to her glove
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And like fucked them both up, the glove is mostly ok
N🆗ri (Marisa): Rip glove and bra
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But I need a new bra
N🆗ri (Marisa): Do you have amazon prime
Bill: Oh. That bad.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea thank God 😂
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _sticky bra_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like a sticky note but worse
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea it's a good ol tome
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~specially on the nips~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OOF
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): pasties no good?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ain’t no support in pasties
N🆗ri (Marisa): Gotta have gravity defying anime support
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but to protect the nips from The Stick
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im gonna invent anti gravity pasties omg
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oooooo
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yes pls use your NASA technology
Bill: This is in Paterson.
Bill: Aaaand I need a drink.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Idk I've never tried pasties
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My zipper fell of my 2B costume but I got it back on
N🆗ri (Marisa): Forget pasties we need some pastries for Katsu
N🆗ri (Marisa): It just FELL??? ?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like the zippy oart just came off
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Part*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There was like one thead stopping it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I need to play Nier again so I remember why I actually like 2B
Bill: Sassy?
Bill: ~~Butt~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Strong mostly
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _emotions are prohibited_
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Her character gets overshadowed by.lewd so much it's making me dislike her 😔
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): her little quips are the best
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): LOL TRU heckin pervs
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like I feel like people don't actually car about the character they're just like "ooo booty" and it takes away from her actually being a badass
Bill: I played the game for the action sequences, promise. Butt is just meme.
Bill: ~~I’m not a butt guy anyway~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🤷
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i played it for the _gripping existentialism_
Bill: ~~and to cosplay in a group~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): that too -w-
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Jake: shows me someones nuka cola power armor for Katsu
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Me: I am going to befriend
N🆗ri (Marisa): Meg mentioned me in her journal I’m honored I’m gonna cry
Dirty Lego (Tom): That's so pure 👌
Bill: And the comments section is filled.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I can't go to anext this year
Bill: !!!?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh wait
Bill: I'm guessing wedding.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I can go but only Friday Saturday
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea
Bill: Gabi's?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): On Sunday
N🆗ri (Marisa): tell them to have the wedding at the con
N🆗ri (Marisa): that hotel is nice
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They're not weebs lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea she originally said may but I guess she changed her mind
Dirty Lego (Tom): We already bought tickets too
Dirty Lego (Tom): I was gonna be big sad if it was Saturday
Bill: Sunday at Anext is pretty chill. Missing it won't be the end of the world.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yes but we'll have to miss Saturday night
Bill: Can't leave from Con?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It's at 11:30 in the morning
Dirty Lego (Tom): Assuming she doesn't do a bachelorette party for Fri Sat
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If she does I won't be able to come all weekend
Dirty Lego (Tom): I hope she just skips the partt
Dirty Lego (Tom): She might tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Or does it the weekend before
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And my brothers baby is due the week before also 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): This sucks
Bill: Flora had to miss a Zenkai for a wedding. She sounded similarly disappointed.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like I wanna be happy for her but damn that luck
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And poor Toms gotta go and he's not even her friend
Dirty Lego (Tom): Asking as she doesn't plan anything for Fri and sat we Gucci, I can deal with missing sunday
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yes I really hope she doesn't plan Friday or sat
Bill: Gabi: "You and Tom don't need a plus one right"
Tom: "Replace me with a plus 1, I gotta go play Tekken"
Tom: *yeets to con*
Jess: *"Shit."*
