Aldus Larian (Jess): When are people doing bnha?
Bill: I wanted to do Kaminari Friday, but I don’t think it’ll get here before that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@245270932602486784> when you doing toga?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): friDAYY
Aldus Larian (Jess): Morning? Afternoon? 😮
Bill: Mirio is still on hold, if I make the bolt on the wig I can do uniform Kaminari... but that’s not exciting.
Bill: It’s a shame. I’m actually pretty hype for Kaminari.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also hot
Bill: There was a chance it’s ship just in time next.
Bill: Still a chance I guess.
Bill: But for something that was pretty impulse... surprisingly hype.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisa doing Ray on Friday so I'll prob MC and unknown with her and Tom?
Bill: Oooh.
Aldus Larian (Jess): And then idk maybe mina on Saturday?
Bill: Hazel for me.
Andrew: I'll do it when yall do
Andrew: Still searching for dance belt rn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i do toga all day so if you change ill still be her
Aldus Larian (Jess): What u doing Saturday Georgia?
Bill: Huh. I was going to use Kaminaris wig for fatgum too now that I think of it. <@!334090409389195266> is there a way to make the bolt a clip in?
Bill: Even if it’s not a hair look and is more clippy?
Bill: She’s doing Yang.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok so Georgia doing MHA on Friday
Marisa doing MM Friday
Georgia and biru doing RWBY on Saturday

And one else doing anything I cosplay from Friday or Saturday?
Bill: Ash and Dave are doing siege I guess lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): I dont cosplay that 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok plan is MysMess-Friday RWBY-Saturday for my and Tom
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ooo nora and ren
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ooooo maybe i do pyrrha instead then
Bill: Oof.
Bill: Lots going on Saturday but Nora REN Hazel is a shoot.
Bill: If there’s a time we can do it I’d ask Zeikani.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: It’d basically have to be 6ish. I assume you’re leaving around then?
Bill: 6 or 7.
Bill: If Zeikani could even do it.
Bill: Oh wait if I’m not doing bnha that the 12-2 block.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tom says we'll stay at least till 8
Bill: Does that sound good? I’ll ask Zeikani about either 6~7 shoot or 12-2 area.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea should be ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): 12-2 would be better
Bill: I’ll see what she can do!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Coo
Bill: Knowing her she won’t respond right away so I’ll probably have answers tomorrow.
Bill: If it doesn’t fit timing wise we can do it next time you decide to renora.
Bill: If you okay with it. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye. Do you have anytime on Friday morningish from Me and Marisa (and also Tom but we'll prob be in the costumes longer than her)
Bill: You know when she’s changing out of Ray?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im not  sure of her timing yet
Bill: I have 12-2, I’d prefer 12:30-2. Georgia is at 10am, if that time is too late I could shot Georgia later.
Bill: Like, 12:30-1:30 is ideal.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok we do 12:30- 1:30 with Marisa
Aldus Larian (Jess): And Tom
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~but low key priority on marisa~~
Bill: ~~yeah that’s how it goes~~
Bill: I low key wanna make budget Vesus and carry Marisa around.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://smile.amazon.com/ZY-Unisex-Halloween-Hooded-Costume/dp/B075L7K3GT/ref=sr_1_4?keywords=cult+robe&qid=1559354332&s=gateway&sr=8-4
Aldus Larian (Jess): I thought you meant like sailor venis and I was so confused
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): same
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh wait it's Saeran wearing the black robe
Bill: I lit need an obiwan robe and that’d be it.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://smile.amazon.com/Ross-Michaels-Mens-Hooded-Long/dp/B077PMCB8M/ref=sr_1_37?keywords=white%2Bhooded%2Brobe&qid=1559354595&s=gateway&sr=8-37&th=1
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I guess the CG doesn't look as bath robey as I first thought
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://smile.amazon.com/WESTLINK-Hooded-Knight-Cosplay-Costume/dp/B073JLFYMD/ref=sr_1_4?keywords=white+hooded+robe&qid=1559354595&s=gateway&sr=8-4
Bill: Rip my fake beard apparently game but I don’t see it.
Bill: Have to check with parents tomorrow.
Bill: Yeee one of those would be the trick.
Bill: <@!351471675843411978> Zeikani can really only do 6ish.
Aldus Larian (Jess): okey dokey we do
Bill: Cool beans.
Bill: I need a lace front V wig to get that style don’t I?
Bill: I should find one. I like V so...
Bill: Is her rates, she discounting to 50 for full and 15 for minishoot for us being friends. I kinda lean mini and just tell her whatever on the edits if she can take a few extra of us, I’d foot that. If you guys are interested in the full edit experience we can split that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): we can just do da mini
Aldus Larian (Jess): im trying on suit saeran to see if i wanna do him instead of mc but i just look like vanya from the umbrella academy cuz i haven't put the wig on yet
Bill: That’s amazing tho.
Bill: I guess it can do the swoopy boi a little?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye it swoops a bit I mean I u wanted to get real technical u could get a lace froinf but idk it it necessary?
Bill: I tend to like the lace front better cause it elongates face... but at least this looks a little more after story V.
Bill: Vesus robe acquired.
Bill: Everyone’s favorite game, Aizawa or Jesse Jones?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok this took like 40 mins to get in cuz the chain broke but
Bill: DAMN that edgy.
Aldus Larian (Jess): EDGE
Aldus Larian (Jess): Does it look ok? I'm weird about being dudes recently
Bill: It’s a bit hard to say for sure with that pic, but I’ll be honest and say you still look feminine. Not entirely, but some. That’s not entirely bad for Ray tho?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean I didn't do my makeup yet. And I'll be with Marisa too. I also didn't bind
Bill: Yeah ALL of those will make a big difference.
Bill: So it good!
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's binded but no jacket
Bill: Yeaaaah makes the difference.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm stiggling between "I look ok" and "I don't looks as good as Tom" 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow so dudely looking 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): How did I dude
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): very
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Saeran is kind of a twink so like, you don't have to push yourself to be too masculine looking
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you look good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd let you lure me so a stranger's apartment 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): Thank!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wow that's the nicest thing anyone ever said to me
Aldus Larian (Jess): Plus like (almost) canon eye color for once in my life? 😭
Bill: Yeah you good! Just focus on shoulders back and broad stance and that’ll bridge the gap from female to too thin boi.
Bill: I’m really glad that a Mirio wig that’s too small just becomes Denki.
Bill: I just need the bolty boi.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Am too used to be being gorl. Marisa called me out in black nail polish
Aldus Larian (Jess): BOLT how u gonna do bolt?
Bill: Yoursfs Men Warrior Tie Bar Clip Men's Cool Grey Tie Pins/Tie Clasp/Tie Bar Clasp Unique https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07DB1Y52W/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_X.E8CbY5A8MKQ

What if. I got this and sprayed it black?
Bill: I have no idea lol.
Bill: Leanna said something about using black wig to make. Insert? Or something but it’s a lost art to me and I can’t ask Marisa cause I’m sad.
Bill: Can you spray paint metal alloy?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that clip is a smol boi. wouldn't really show up too well
Bill: It’s two inches but thin ye.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~saves for later because it's a cool tie bar~*
Bill: Lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): would be cool for a formal Dneki look™
Bill: There was something about sharpie?
Bill: I could make a clip from a printed lightning bolt and Bobby pins?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I have 48 clips
Aldus Larian (Jess): Please take one
Bill: Lightning bolt shaped clips?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no but you could just glue whatever shape you need to it
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you could ask Rebecca what she did. I think she glued some scrap black wefts to a piece of cardboard or something and added a clip
Bill: This low budget idea!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have black foam i could make you one but it wont be hair
Andrew: is this a cosplay workshop on discord
Andrew: ~~biru should livestream~~
Bill: I crafted a thing.
Bill: Can I get my gold star for participation?
Aldus Larian (Jess): there ya go
Bill: No way to attach it. Need that clip.
Bill: Should be slightly bigger too. That’s not too hard to do I guess.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye get one of da clips
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Rebecca did the same thing but modge podged some black hair on
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also it doesn’t look different cause I used white foam BUT PRIMED AND PAINTED TEETHS
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I dremmeled them all for that Good Edge
Bill: I used a paper clip! ~~I’ll get a real clip for it not at midnight~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think a lil hairspray to give The Good Flip would do ya perf
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Otherwise that’s a pretty awesome Kami wig
Andrew: 
Andrew: Im gonna reworkl the wig
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Just gotta get a lil hairspray to glue down the sideburns and you’re Gucci
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Moral of the story: I’m bringing a can to AnimeNEXT for everyone’s sake lol
Andrew: sammeee
Andrew: emergency rations
Andrew: lol
Andrew: but thats norman done.
Andrew: now all thats left is all might
Andrew: btw bill you looking good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I finally gathered my smol collection of various fabrics and put them all in a box
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): most of them are hella wrinkled from just being thrown in a pile after I used them lol
Bill: Made larger one.
Bill: Think that better.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): AYYY GOOD JOB BILL
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): That looks awesome
Andrew: welcome to the foam makers life
Andrew: good to have you
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Also good job to you too Andrew! On all the wigs you been doing!
Andrew: Thanks! Although ive still got more too do
Andrew: havent touched All might cobain
Andrew: <@!386874959009415170> i dont have a stockpile of fabrics, just piles of various thickness foam lol
Bill: Literally stuck it on with scotch tape for dis but not bad. Good size.
Bill: And tanks for compliments.
Bill: ☺️
Andrew: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Only problem is bar shipping tomorrow I ain’t having Kaminari for Next. 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ye it looks good!
Bill: And in case you’re forgetting why I can’t be trusted on cosplay alone.
Andrew: i love it XD
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Meet the robinsons
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Bill: Fear.
Bill: That makes the only wog I haven’t fucked with tonight Thor but since I lack the beard I’m supposed to have I’ll wait.
Bill: Also tossed ex Mirio in water for a bit and tried to smooth out sides from all that product.
Bill: I could care less if it doesn’t get better when dry, I was going to toss it anyway.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Speaking of wogs, tried on Widow again and I really like this wig
Bill: Is nice.
Bill: Close to a seven look.
Bill: 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Almost... 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo das nice 👌
Andrew: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's more of a dark red than ginger, but if I got it in a lighter color I could probably make use of my height and do Ron Weasley
Andrew: Is nice erik!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): thank
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you too!
Andrew: Danke
Aldus Larian (Jess): wowie look at all these great wiggies
Andrew: Wig party
El🆓de Faun (Tom): So many wiggies woah
Andrew: annddddd my boot covers ripped
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hewwo friends geoff is going to AnimeNEXT alone so he asks if it’s okay to hang with us a bit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also I’ll be hanging around Geoff’s booth when I get bored probably
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _oh my god if I wear my red white and blue bikini to CCE I can be America’s ass_
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ya Geoff can hang 🤙
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m v proud of him for getting a booth he’s been trying for like years
El🆓de Faun (Tom): What's his booth for?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Cosplay stuff?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye! He makes resin molds and 3D prints
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He did the new stars on my lux staff
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He also 3D printed my Star wand
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Nice! It'll be neet to see what he does with his booth
Bill: Was semi formal like happening for party?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisa party?
Bill: Ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think it's just wear whatever you want
Bill: It is but everyone was talking about looking nice and I dunt wanna be the wear guy in a blazer.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I might wear a sundress
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea Georgia is wearing her cute as fuck dress, I'm gonna wear a sundress
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Marisa was saying shes wearing a dress
Bill: Mmkay it won’t be out of place.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea you'll be fine
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'll probably also pull out my sundress
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jk, wil probably be in gargo shorts and Crocs
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): SUNDRESS SQUAD *obnoxious air horn noises*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whooooo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Concept: sundress *with Crocs*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): [galaxy brain meme]
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think if Natalie Dormer can pull off this look™ that just about anything is possible with Crocs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.instagram.com/p/BwubePSnsvq/?igshid=y97kv4dlpw31
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): “Wear what you want” parties should be a thing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Show up in like vintage Viking pelts
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): .....now that you say that I kinda wanna dress as ridiculous as possible
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mood but I also don’t own anything that weird
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _jk I realized I cosplay_
Andrew: Ill be more casual side but that cuz i got work after
Andrew: ~~unless theres an afterparty with you guys~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Can't believe your not gonna wear a dress
Andrew: *is that peer pressure*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What about a fancy flower crown Andrew
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ooh I have a flower crown
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Same!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'd make a ton of flower crowns cuz I have the materials but the flowers are mad expensive unfortunately
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Andrew: I feel a theme coming on
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so we're all gonna wear flower crowns tomorrow?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Boys wear flower crowns girls waer dressss
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea, I do not own a flower crown
Bill: I own no light color things and it’s getting to me.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you have that pink shirt that looks really nice on you
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have a flower crown that Justin got commissioned for me forever ago
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think my head got bigger since then
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Pastel squad here we go
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg wear anything that means I’m wearin converse yesss
Bill: Black on black and black is not a look it is stagehand.
Bill: I’m drowning in Tee turtle shirts and neeeeeeed to go shopping.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): .....-looks at all black wardrobe-
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): -shives it all under a rug and retrieves one (1) red shirt- 
Y.... yes
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ve had the same problem, the past year I’ve deliberately bought only other colorful shirts
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think my wardrobe is 50/50 now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lotta blues and reds
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _im a human bruise_
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Need some yellow in there
Bill: Is this a look?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Excellent, shoeless is the way to go
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Very Disney princess of you
Bill: Useless <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Hes waiting on crocs obviously
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m filling the void of sarcastic comments that Marisa would usually make
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Doesn’t feel the same cries
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also the flower crown duh
Bill: It wasn’t a retorical question though!
Bill: Whatever, I’ll go for it. I don’t own literally anything grey or white to get the classic look for a blazer and jeans.
Bill: Pink it is.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): It looks good
Bill: I solemnly swear to not buy any more god damn blue or black base shirts so that I have things that contrast the black and blue jeans I *always* wear.
Bill: I need RED damnit.
Bill: Next weekend I don’t have plans I wanna go to the outlets in tannersville.
Bill: Glad you suggested (I think it was you) wearing nicer stuff Lee, I dig the blazer look but I never bother to wear it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Ngl I dont remember who suggested it, mightve been Georgia xD it's all a blur. But yes I'm digging it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): MY BEE TRAP HAS SPRUNG
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): they followed me lmao
Bill: I’m almost out of contacts for my right eye yikes.
Bill: Maybe I should actually order some rather than use samples I got forever ago.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh speaking of contacts, I checked all my cosplay contacts to make sure they had plenty of solution in them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like Leanna reminded us all a few weeks ago
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and the blue ones that I got from HoneyColor that sucked had dried out
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I had an excuse to toss them lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ooo I better do that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I get my toga contacts Monday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have almost the whole rainbow now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Red, yellow, green, blue, purple
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I should do that when I get home
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And just checked again... one of my Blakes and one of my Kiris were reaaaaallly low... but they hadn't started shriveling up yet? Added some new solution so I'm hoping they're still okay...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not that I really need them any time soon, but it would be nice not to have to buy them again
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Until I actually need to
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea my yellow ones were pretty dry once but I got them to soften back up and they're fine
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye solution is like
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Miracle juice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ve brought contacts back from the dead
Bill: Glad I saved so many contacts today.
Bill: Course I use disposable normal ones.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): north jersey is there carpooling for marisas and if so is there room
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): otherwise i gotta do my drive
El🆓de Faun (Tom): There mayyy be
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We have one spot!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It may be quicker to pick you up at the mall if you wanted to do a pick up there, I'll have to check when I get home
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It could be like an hour faster
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Da Woodbridge mall?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah I believe so
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Am gonna check for sure
El🆓de Faun (Tom): But won't be home for another few hours
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Das okay lemme know whenever
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): TOGA TOGA TOGA
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Thinking about closing the gap between the teeth
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We shall see
