Nokri (Marisa): is there any kind of fountain or such near the con center? other marisa wants cinematic pictures near a pool and I can't think of anything, neither hotel has a pool <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): there is a nice little community park nearby though
Nokri (Marisa): i wish i could remember the chapel where nancy did akko's pictures
Nokri (Marisa): this isn't it but u gotta admit for google streetcar this looks awesome
Nokri (Marisa): video game graphics
Nokri (Marisa): I FOUND IT
IT'S UNDER CONSTRUCTION
WHY IS ALL OF DC UNDER CONSTRUCTION AAA
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's so pretty!
Nokri (Marisa): ohohoho
given this sign in front of the church i hope they're ok with cosplayers still
Nokri (Marisa): yeah! that's not the same church i was looking for, but DC has a ton of nice churches
Nokri (Marisa): this is the one i did a shoot at last ota
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh that's nice too!
Nokri (Marisa): ye!! I was terrified the whole time someone was gonna come and shout at us but i don't think anyone was there
Nokri (Marisa): seeing as we were leaning against the doors and sitting on the front steps and all
Nokri (Marisa): oh cool i found a fountain near the con that works for her, that's hopefully not under construction
Nokri (Marisa): i really hope the weather is good for otakon because most photo spots are outside and i only have 4-5 spots that'd work inside the con
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Nokri (Marisa): dynamic :0
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh shit
Aldus Larian (Jess): I thought that was fanart for a sec
Nokri (Marisa): yee i'm looking for cosplay pose ideas and some of these are really cool
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo ribbon
Nokri (Marisa): whaT IS EVEN HAPPENING HERE
*yaya no*
Aldus Larian (Jess): What.   What is. What's between her legs?
Nokri (Marisa): her egg
Nokri (Marisa): duh
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh ok
Nokri (Marisa): wait that's not yaya what's her name
Nokri (Marisa): the one that replaces yaya
Nokri (Marisa): rima
Aldus Larian (Jess): Why she reading eclipse
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wonder what part that is
Nokri (Marisa): i hate her so much this is what her egg turns her into
https://media1.tenor.com/images/cb585d351f8661e064eb0b2f03b7333e/tenor.gif?itemid=6034468
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao whaaaaat
Nokri (Marisa): her egg has a tiny clown in it that turns her into a clown
https://media1.tenor.com/images/caec628f308432d30790e9726ad9450d/tenor.gif?itemid=13442574
Nokri (Marisa): *why is she reading that book whose idea was this*
Aldus Larian (Jess): "aw man I really wanted a book in this shot"
"I have this" *holds up eclipse*
Nokri (Marisa): when they tell u to squad up
Nokri (Marisa): Fun cosplay pose ideas
Aldus Larian (Jess): How do you even tho
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YAYA YES
Bill: Ah fuck. I didn't know who seventhsagecos was and they asked about an ota shoot; 18 and the only person I have mutual with her is Audrey. That's grounds to pretend I'm fully booked right?
Bill: it is because it makes me uncomfortable yeah woo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): idk what everyone's plans are for CCE, but I was looking up meetups on Facebook and found one for BNHA for the Friday of CCE
https://www.facebook.com/events/459855511507680/
Nokri (Marisa): ~~send seventhsagecos over to me :p~~
Nokri (Marisa): Is your Facebook in Arabic
Aldus Larian (Jess): Its hard for me to say cuz imma girl i think but i wouldnt exclude her from shooting ~~or send to mawisa~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean if she 18 i think it ok
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~i was 18 when you met me ahaaaa~~
Bill: I'm good. I have four shoots friday and saturday already and I'm not terribly interested over booking. ~~I could do to meet more people above the drinking age as I'm two years older than when I met you~~
Bill: I'll mention you tho Marisa.
Bill: 5 shoots saturday.
Bill: ~~if she doesn't contact you it confirms she was only interested in shooting with me cause of the lack of charging <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): cant really blame here tho. 18yr olds usually dont have alot of money XD
Bill: true.
Bill: I'm being negative anyway, pretty sure she follows me so she must at least like some of what I'm doing.
Bill: I'm going to solo cos Barry Burton for some/all of Friday, and go to the resident evil group shoot. Cause why the fuck not. Saturday I might do a casual Denki, use the  half jacket but wear like, shorts and a t shirt. Or something swing ish, since I'll be doing that at some point. Will figure that out when I see what my options are.
Bill: Too hot and I'm too uncomfortable with the oversized pants (replacement won't make it in time I'm sure) to do the hero suit proper. I'll save it for when a group of us is doing BNHA.
Aldus Larian (Jess): im considering mina but idk about heat = body paint
Nokri (Marisa): high bless for the rec
Bill: only low bless required.
Bill: Yeah the heats going to be killer.
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> tho, since he was hesitant on All Might without a group. ~~and I'd have to consider proper Kaminari again if you did Mina because Bakusquad not that I have much time free to get a shoot if we'd even do that~~
Bill: Cause between you, Erik, and me we have Baku squad minus Bakugo and Sero. ~~no one cares about Sero~~ and Lee has Baku so... Should do that sometime.
Bill: ~~I know I'm two years late to the group cosplay game but it seemed so fun~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): it is! im just a mess <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!184437198865563648> you said we're in the Washington Marriott Marquis? Just double checking
Bill: Nope. Courtyard Marriott Downtown.
Bill: Literally behind the Marquis.
Bill: (going north)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): gotcha
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): thank
Bill: Which tbh, given the prices of the marquis, may be the place to look in future years. It's just as close, you don't get the underground tunnel but.
Aldus Larian (Jess): we have an underground tunnel;?
Bill: We do not, the Marquis does.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what time do y'all usually leave on Sunday?
Bill: 1~2 iirc.
Bill: But depends.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just trying to see how long I'll need to be parked
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo gothca
Bill: ye. It's a long trip so... I left fairly early last year. I had come back myself? Was it that year? No, that was the year before...
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah last year was me toma nd dave
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah it's like 3 hours for me
Bill: 4~5 here.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 1.5 from Carlisle apparently?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok I can get overnight parking for $35 until 4pm Sunday. Neato
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Carlisle, PA? That doesn't seem entirely accurate. You're only like an hour and a half directly west from me
Aldus Larian (Jess): link me fam
Aldus Larian (Jess): (for parking)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm just using Spot Hero
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo ok
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oop its more like 2 hours
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): idk where i saw hour and a half the other day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ugh it's the cheapest option but it's like a half mile walk to the hotel....
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): any metro you can take in between?
Nokri (Marisa): there's a metro station under the convention center
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _is there really_
Nokri (Marisa): yeah :0
Nokri (Marisa): if you go out the back by where the panel rooms are there are escalators down to it
Nokri (Marisa): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Eh, it's not too bad a walk. Just will need to pack my cosplays compactly.
Nokri (Marisa): the metro would be a pretty sweet place for pictures if it was accessible without paying
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *should be plenty of time for someone to let me into the room*
Nokri (Marisa): Woah
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~oh sweet I think Washinton's got those Lime scooters so I can nyoom to the hotel~~
Nokri (Marisa): Aaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMGG
Nokri (Marisa): whatever he did for a wig is absolutely perfect
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats amazing
Nokri (Marisa): This other Marisa is so demanding aaa
Well not really demanding. She’s just asking a lot out of a cheap 30 minute shoot. She wants a lot of different locations and feels/poses, which I can do, but it’s gonna be a really busy half hour running all over DC
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t know if we should start in the Marriott lobby because it’s easy to meet up at, or end there because air conditioning
Bill: It's okay to say something is too much for a 30 minute shoot.
Nokri (Marisa): *never*
Nokri (Marisa): *i can’t let anyone down*
Bill: Especially if you offer doing an hour with a price jump.
Nokri (Marisa): If they’re laying I gotta do the best ever
Bill: *unrealistic expectations are not your responsibility*
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t think I have time for an hour <:thinku:543194478614413318> I can’t remember 
It’s not that she has unrealistic expectations, it’s just that we have a lot planned
Bill: Well if she yells at you for not having time for everything, I come yell at her for breaking rule #1.
Nokri (Marisa): I thought it was illegal to be mean to Marisa so you can’t yell at her
Bill: Only you.
Nokri (Marisa): And my doubles who beat me in combat
Bill: me: I'm good not running a rwby shoot
mark: lets run a rwby shoot
me: marisa has it covered
mark: lets run another rwby shoot
me: *nopenopenope*
me: alright fine
Aldus Larian (Jess): anotherrr? 😮
Bill: Friday shoot.
Bill: Cause Gen will actually go to that one. IDK man.
Aldus Larian (Jess): wack
Bill: I mean. they are fun. Maybe I'll mingle this time.
Nokri (Marisa): Have a backup location in case staff kicks you out of the lobby
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~CCE doesn't have a RWBY meetup yet~~
Bill: hai hai...
Bill: Do any of us know when we're cosplaying RWBY at CCE?
Bill: Cause that'd be the deciding factor for it.
Nokri (Marisa): Are people cosplaying rwby at cce
Aldus Larian (Jess): itsamsytery.jpg
Bill: I don't think anyone knows.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm bringing yang, but the question is *will I wear her?*
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Who knows
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm probably going to bring Blake and/or Tai again. I really don't have any new swim cosplays other than Kiri
Bill: Hazel would be a weird beach choice, though maybe I can meme more pilot boi? idk.
Bill: Let's ping BNE and see if there'a majority leaning one way or the other, friday versus saturday.
Bill: Is that genderbend group for BNHA a particular day?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Friday is bnha day for most of us
Bill: So saturday would be better for RWBY.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea most likely
Bill: I'll ping later about it.
Nokri (Marisa): I have a red swimsuit I could bring ruby
Bill: I usually don't plan around BNE as a whole but. The fun of the RWBY shoot was all the people.
Bill: Always is really.
Bill: So shelving that for the moment.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i'd imagine id do Nora and cce at some point but idk when exactly
Aldus Larian (Jess): probbaly for the shoot if there is one?
Nokri (Marisa): Hey guys there’s a bug on Yona so I’m gonna have to burn the whole costume
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH NO what kind
Nokri (Marisa): That kind
Into the flames it goes
Bill: or... get rid of the bug...
Nokri (Marisa): I am that’s why I’m destroying the costume
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok so ota - one shoot is at 1 on friday and other is 9 on sat morning?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah. for some reason we're not on the schedule though we're supposed to be.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 🤔 just an idea but i i couuulldd sleep in my nora PJs and just through a wig on in the morning for saturday XD
Bill: You could@
Nokri (Marisa): i'm going to try and  lay out my blake stuff the night before so i can take my medicine, change, and sneak out without waking anyone up
Bill: I wasn't planning on doing a rwby cosplay...
Aldus Larian (Jess): wake me up, wake me up inside
Nokri (Marisa): can't wake u up
Aldus Larian (Jess): i will consider this idea. tom doesnt ussually get up till much later than me anyway so i could prob swing it unless i go to bed super late
Aldus Larian (Jess): if i wake up at 8 i should be able to slap on some make up and a wiggie
Bill: ~~oh for the early shoot that makes so much more sense~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It's only cuz too many people are doing stuff <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Get up and do everything earlier than everyone else like I do. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I need to bring a personal mirror
El🆓de Faun (Tom): And like
Aldus Larian (Jess): well with me and marisa out of the room at 9 you should have plenty of space also
El🆓de Faun (Tom): A folding wall to change behind
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wait where are you going? :0
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres a rwby shoot at 9am that marisa is hosting so i said i could just slap on wig and makeup and just sleep in my nora pjs
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh why wouldn't I come tho?
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz its 9am
Aldus Larian (Jess): and u dont like to wake up dat early ussually? you can come too tho! i just didnt wanna sign u up for waking up early
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aaaa i feel like i have no content to post
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): maybe i do need more toga at ota
Bill: ~~well your account is private so~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): not anymoooore
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i said fuck it and let my students from last session follow me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theyll get bored of my nerd-ness and unfollow me soon enough
Nokri (Marisa): oh shoot, i told someone the wrong time for the wrong day
i may need to cancel yona shoot or push it back ;~;
i'll still pay for it tho sorry biru
Bill: I don't want money so no but let me know what happens.
Bill: https://www.facebook.com/zombiehunter825/posts/2367868959916605 So your cosplaying PPG now Tom? XD
Bill: I was going to share the post and then I noticed Hunter had recruited yo lol
Nokri (Marisa): doing the rowdyruff boys?
Bill: Hunter pegged him as Boomer lol
Bill: The designs are awesome tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): would u not peg him as boomer? i dont remember personalities but by looks i would
Bill: That's not to say he's a bad fit.
Bill: Just explaining.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oooo i thought the lol and the end was like LOL
Aldus Larian (Jess): vacation time approved for ota <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ahh good good
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I should put in too
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <@!301927856240459777> you uhhhh doing chise sunday?
