Bill: The con bubble is burstinggggg
Bill: I went to morristown comic con earlier. Comic cons have less cool swag, but I met that cosplayer who I knew from rowan anime club and did a shoot for her and her boyfriend(?). Which was good and the pictures are BANGING. 

And Nick and Allison were there so we hung out! Was good.
Bill: ^ Good shit
Bill: 
Bill: comic cons have a totally different feel from anime cons.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): LORD BEERUS
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tfw have Katsucon line up and it’s heckin June
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lol I don't even have an otakon line up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I wouldn’t either except I can only go one day lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Are we still doing genderbengers at Ota <@245270932602486784> <@334090409389195266> ?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm not sure if I can go or not anymore but if I can I wanna do genderbengers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Okie doke. Wasn't sure how far Georgia was with Thor
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have to fix Widow's crotch still lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Had a boost of motivation to work on the LEDs yesterday but I keep forgetting to ~~steal~~ borrow wire from work
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah I can’t work on Thor here so it’s shot for me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ll prob just wear Toga
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It okat
Nokri (Marisa): i'm doing photoshoots again for otakon since that's usually a big photoshoot con for me. if anyone is interested i guess let me know, but i'm waiting for them to release the autograph schedules so if anyone wanted to plan something it might possibly get switched around.
Nokri (Marisa): o i should post that in bne too when i figure out non-friend rates that'd be a good idea
Nokri (Marisa): jess and georgia is it ok if i use pictures of you to advertise
Nokri (Marisa): from katsu
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye for sure!
Aldus Larian (Jess): id be interested but i dont have a line up yet lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): or even a rough idea
Nokri (Marisa): going for the whole weekend?
Andrew: Are you doing Raph again?
Andrew: or Corn?
Nokri (Marisa): not raph, her sword and part of the armor melted so i have to remake them
corn might be too hot, i was fine going outside in katsu weather in corn
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye i be there all weekend
Andrew: Im debating whether do do full armor Ryoma or meme lobster lord
Andrew: got lobster swim trunks now so
Nokri (Marisa): watch out in armor yo, remember we don't have the connecting hotel
Andrew: ohhh that true
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont think were in the connecting hotel tho
Andrew: summer lobster it is
Nokri (Marisa): yeah we gotta walk in the heat/rain/sun whatever it is
Andrew: shield gonna be tough but ill make that my only heavy outfit
Nokri (Marisa): i gotta figure out what to wear to the formal
Nokri (Marisa): if i asked bne members and strangers for $15 per shoot do you guys think that's too much
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah thats cheap af
Nokri (Marisa): is cheap for photoshoots in general, but i feel like it's way overcharging for my quality
and it might discourage people from shooting with me, but also a couple of shoots would pay for groceries
Aldus Larian (Jess): your pics are really good marisa, you need the cash and 15 is suuuuper reasonable
Aldus Larian (Jess): is that for half hour?
Nokri (Marisa): i wanted to make it an hour so people feel like they're getting their money's worth but honestly 30 minutes is plenty of time <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): 15 is good price for a half hour id say charge a lil more for an hour
Nokri (Marisa): $16
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): if anyone asks for samples of my work i just show them this
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmaoo pls
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): is it cheating to go through old pictures and touch them up
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah fam
Bill: No, and you are easily good enough to charge 15~20.
Bill: Going hour isn’t needed unless it a big group.
Nokri (Marisa): i took this shoot of diana in like. 2014 or so and they're awful but they look a little better with more editing
Nokri (Marisa): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh yes please I would like to shoot with you. Could you do a Steve/Nat shoot for Lee and me if they can go? 😃
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@334090409389195266>
Nokri (Marisa): ye i can do a that!
Nokri (Marisa): t'would be honored
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Thank :3c
Nokri (Marisa): i have a lot of tom/jess face close-ups
Tikur (Kurtis): They beautiful
Aldus Larian (Jess): you poor thing
Nokri (Marisa): collector's items
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmfao
Aldus Larian (Jess): All my gay friends are at pride, all my straight friends are at warped XD
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:lenny:395307171539189760> 🏳️‍🌈
