Nokri (Marisa): Comiket starts in 13 minutes and I’m living
Aldus Larian (Jess): What are you cosplaying?
Nokri (Marisa): It’s day one and I hear cells at work are doing a special pocari sweat sponsorship plus the Red Cross is always there so probably red blood cell
Nokri (Marisa): That way I can also shop
Aldus Larian (Jess): Good choice!
Nokri (Marisa): aww, i think this girl is super gorgeous but i feel bad because she asked if she could photoshop her face thinner after i gave her this photo. i hope she likes the other pictures when they're done.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): she's supposed to be gothel from tangled so i get maybe she wants a more ragged/bone thin appearance? but she's so pretty aaaaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): i also told them it'll take a little longer to get them their pictures, but their half hour shoot yielded 60 images so hopefully that makes up for it? ;A; They just have so many I couldn't finish it in 2 weeks
Nokri (Marisa): 66 images actually i think
Nokri (Marisa): yeah
Nokri (Marisa): her and this gaston which i might've edited too heavily for this image but i wanted to hurry and get them SOME pics back
Nokri (Marisa): since they paid aaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): She probably just doesnt see herself the way you do! and 66 is a good number im sure you're fine
Kaio Vermino (Lee): She is really gorgeous and I could tell who she was right off the bat. It's a little sad she wants to photoshopped her face thinner but I understand.
Nokri (Marisa): they were really on their game with posing and following my requests, i think we got more pictures in a half hour than another shoot that did 90 minutes
Nokri (Marisa): sorry it'll take so long to return ota pictures, there are a lot and i edit way more than is necessary
like for monica's pictures i desaturated her skin and the background for a lot of pics
Nokri (Marisa): im uploading them to send over now
Aldus Larian (Jess): das ok!
Nokri (Marisa): she said it didn't matter if her tattoo was in so i left it there for the most part, but sometimes it was super noticable and eye-catching so i edited it out for those
Nokri (Marisa): and i finished one of evie's shoots but the other one has over 50 images so i hope she's not mad if that gets delayed a bit hhhh
is she an impatient person or someone who would get really mad about waiting a few more days for something like that?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I dont think so?
Nokri (Marisa): hhhh i hope not aaa
Nokri (Marisa): i blame my shortcomings on the OuO lamp
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pkAEBfDBt6FXNG7l8mnI2XEGNITrRe1z/view?usp=sharing
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont know her well but she seems to put off things herself alot due to stress so i dont think she can complain ~~i hope that doesnt sound mean~~
Nokri (Marisa): no ye, she put off the shoots at the con also so hooopefully she can be understanding? ahhh i hope so ;A;
Nokri (Marisa): looks through monica's photos
"wow these are so inconsistent. ha."
Aldus Larian (Jess): IT GOOD
Aldus Larian (Jess): so i photoshopped my drink in this pic, on a scale of one to ten how fake does it look
Nokri (Marisa): 0
Nokri (Marisa): 0 fake
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz it was water
Aldus Larian (Jess): my arm looks hairy af
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Good shop 👌🏻
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEAH GOOD SHOP
Glonk: Yeah didn't noticed, thought it was just a well made drink from cce
Aldus Larian (Jess): NICU
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THAT WAS WATER?
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): i photoshop <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Gen won’t complain.
Bill: And if you need a morale boost, I haven’t touched Ota and have most of Next to work on as well. Nor am I likely to do anything with them till post CCE with my move.
