Nokri (Marisa): i finally figure out what the stars mean on archive
apparently, if someone likes your picture, they can add it to their list (like a bookmark?)
and then when something is on their list, they can add a star rating to it from 1 to 5, so that when they sort their bookmarks it shows up in order of the stars. but for some reason the person who uploaded the image can see when they're starred? which is kind of pointless? i think it'd be better to see when we're added to a list/bookmarked rather than starred
Nokri (Marisa): so like. the star count is in the circled column. but 3 stars could be one person who gave 3 stars, or 3 people who gave 1 star. if i click on something with 5 stars it could be one 5 star, a 2 star and a 3 star, or 5 one stars. it's really really weird and i don't know if this counts towards anything.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa
Aldus Larian (Jess): Japanese cosplay site.
Nokri (Marisa): yee, cosp.jp!
i'm not even sure how to star other people's things. i guess it has to be added to your list of favorites first? because there's no option to star something under the image itself
Nokri (Marisa): i just logged in for the first time in a year and the last image i uploaded got 7 stars and i was like "cool! what...... what is that."
Nokri (Marisa): it got 2 one stars and 1 five star? ???
Nokri (Marisa): here's a whole page with the number of stars compared to how many times the images have been viewed in total
so i guess they count for something? but idk what and i want to know how to give others stars
Nokri (Marisa): OH i know her!! lol. scrolling through the recent uploads when suddenly, yuka appears. she's super sweet.
Nokri (Marisa): the first 3 pictures
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo a fren!
Nokri (Marisa): ye!! i did a few photoshoots of her, i think this aikatsu costume is her first "cosplay" cosplay. she would come to cosplay events before, but usually as a generic maid or alice in wonderland, like without a wig or contacts or makeup or such. it seems now she's branching into anime cosplay
Nokri (Marisa): she's literal baby. i think she just started high school aaaaaaaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh a baby fren!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): oooh she  is a babyyyy
Bill: Mojojo made Weiss look better.
Nokri (Marisa): Jess窶冱 hammer? ?? <:woah:543194447345876998>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah fam that hammer ain't got no detailing on it
Nokri (Marisa): YOU'RE RIGHT
Nokri (Marisa): i have been ignorant of this world
Nokri (Marisa): yuka saw my post on cosplayer's archive and commented on it
i can die happy now
Nokri (Marisa): o someone also sent me a photoshoot request. i don't think i can accept that
Nokri (Marisa): im not in the country anymore oops
Nokri (Marisa): "hey bro i can't shoot with you but have you met my friend yuka"
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh is that the baby?
Nokri (Marisa): that窶冱 baby!
Bill: 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I don't know how I feel about all of them
I'll wait til I see em in 3d to judge
El氣電e Faun (Tom): If Jaune looks exactly the same again I'm burning down the world
Bill: Lots of Weiss fan art. It窶冱 apparently popular.
Bill: Blake is a BABE with a bob.
Bill: Weiss kinda gives me violet evergarden vibes in the fan art and I like that.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): 洟ｷ
Bill: *let me have my 2d*
Bill: But also the fan art is having fun with the braid.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Rip ruby
Bill: https://mobile.twitter.com/ReverieCoffee/status/1147611397922131968?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app ghibli Blake
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Year of the BOB
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah I like Blake's new hair too
El氣電e Faun (Tom): The outfits I'm not so sure but it okay
Bill: It窶冱 weird but it cute.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Weird?
Bill: Zippers everywhere?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I thought but mean the hair
Nokri (Marisa): SO many zippers
Bill: Nah her hair is PERFECT
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): Found a box of wigs <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> 
It had ranma, Kurousagi, nowi, taiga, and yoon窶冱 wigs inside yehaw
If only I had that for anext
Nokri (Marisa): Oooo a fruits basket shirt! Retro
Nokri (Marisa): ~~I窶冦 trying to find the missing Yona pieces~~
Nokri (Marisa): Found missing parts of Sinon, paradise live Nozomi, and Kuma Kuma Ranka. Little progress.
Nokri (Marisa): Didn窶冲 find the shirt but I found a bolt of fabric in the same color as the shirt which is basically the same thing so I call this a win
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yess all the things <:rise:582318089228648456>
Nokri (Marisa): I also found my missing Pokﾃｩmon shirt which is this
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAAASSS
El氣電e Faun (Tom): tag yourself
El氣電e Faun (Tom): i have been ditto, but ive also been sylveon
Nokri (Marisa): i'm the cheese in the cheese fries that's kind of star-shaped
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm Jigglypuff
El氣電e Faun (Tom): damn check out that food
El氣電e Faun (Tom): chancy's food is something
El氣電e Faun (Tom): is that thing that the shivery boi evolves into that ice spirit girl thing from japanese folklore
El氣電e Faun (Tom): idk why i cant remmeber shivery bois name
El氣電e Faun (Tom): snorunt?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): let me find the ice girls name
El氣電e Faun (Tom): pfft Froslass
El氣電e Faun (Tom): thats silly
