Andrew: itll only get worse
Andrew: break time
Andrew: meanwhile its wig time for me
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> <@!301927856240459777> did you guys figure out when you’re wearing shield hero and Raph?
Bill: Cause I have nothing written down for shoots outside of group shoots and Kirsten at next.
Andrew: outside of Fe/MHA i have no commitments atm
Andrew: i think she was waiting for something
Bill: Right, contest time announcements.
Bill: Is it going to be Saturday evening tho?
Bill: You have all might, then shield hero?
Andrew: for saturday yes
Andrew: i may wear it friday too
Andrew: sat it would be after FE i thinkl
Andrew: Im bringing ryoma now cuz no soldier
Bill: So much armor boi.
Bill: What are the odds BNHA runs the full two hours...
Andrew: prob a good chunk
Andrew: cuz size
Andrew: Ships galore
Bill: I doubt Mirio has too many ships so I could duck by the shipping hour to switch to wooby.
Bill: Kaminari... has like one? Mina?
Bill: ~~and every ship in bnha is gay anyway~~
Bill: I guess that doesn’t reduce the number of ships to be called.
Bill: I dunno why I thought it did.
Bill: It just multiples em.
Bill: Oof.
Andrew: I doubt ill be there for two hours
Bill: Mm... I have this dream of small talk with people at the shoot and making friends but I know imma be too shy for it on the spot and do none of it so...
Bill: Shouldn’t stress it.
Andrew: I always do once or twice at a con
Andrew: I need to get better at following up
Bill: Rip Brandon and Lizi.
Andrew: Yea..
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And ear lobe girl
Bill: Oh ye.
Bill: Still, I probably won’t be too disappointed to bail on shipping.
Bill: I really wish Unique photo didn't double book their yearly expo with Animenext every year.
Glonk: Since I don't pay attention much, were carpool options talked about for MarisaCon and AnimeNext?
Bill: Nope.
Glonk: Ok
Nokri (Marisa): no need to worry about my party it'll suck and if people don't wanna come in person we can video chat you in
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _I WILL CRAWL TO MARISAS PARTY IF I HAVE TO_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thankfully i wont have to
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but i _would_
