Andrew: thats shady
Nokri (Marisa): he gave a lot of other people pictures back. i don't know what happened to mine.
Nokri (Marisa): i do a lot of research on photographers before i book them, i stalk them for days to make sure they're legit.
Nokri (Marisa): i do background searches and everything
Nokri (Marisa): he posted two low quality previews. i was supposed to get like 15 images back, but all i got were the two previews he posted on his facebook page
Nokri (Marisa): i'm upsetting myself ;u; who knows some good music?
Aldus Larian (Jess): :o
Aldus Larian (Jess): Uhhh idk any anime moosic 😭
Nokri (Marisa): *how can you say that*
Nokri (Marisa): where is your pride as a weeb
El🆓de Faun (Tom): KIMETSU NO YAIBA WOOO
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Such a good op
El🆓de Faun (Tom): By Lisa
Aldus Larian (Jess): I only know English moosic and like 6 kpop songs
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It has a different name tho but I don't know it
Nokri (Marisa): my favorite kind of music is like 7pm on animal crossing
Nokri (Marisa): OH THE BEAR SONG
Nokri (Marisa): yessssssssss
Nokri (Marisa): this is my jam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqjkVSV1ahE
Bill: Ah good point, there's so much worse out there. I shouldn't complain.
Nokri (Marisa): Only bear song
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think at this point I only shoot with people I’ve already met or have been recommended
El🆓de Faun (Tom): KUMA SONG YEAH
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I dreamed they moved Otakon to the Gaylord holy carp
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao noooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wonder if that's in the book 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The Gaylord must collect all the Infinity Cons to become thre most powerful convention space in the universe
Nokri (Marisa): did it have a giant slide??
in all of my dreams about the gaylord it has a giant slide you can use to get from the upper floors to the lobby instead of an elevator
Nokri (Marisa): current status: thinkin' 'bout eeveelutions cosplay
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Leafeon! But idk like why to wear with
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Prob short green wig 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): there are a lot of human designs on google!
this one neat
Nokri (Marisa): vaporeon more like ray
Nokri (Marisa): oooooo the original iconic gijinka project
Nokri (Marisa): glaceon is definitely wearing the haruhi suzumiya uniform in that
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971> idk who id wanna do
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like Vaporeon
Aldus Larian (Jess): It cute
Tikur (Kurtis): I'm super digging Jolteon
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who u wanna do mawisa
El🆓de Faun (Tom): The umbreon one should just be 707
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Like a full Eevee squad Sept Umbreon is 707
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes good
El🆓de Faun (Tom): And ye that's totally the haruhi uniform
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): MM/Eeveelution crosover cosplays when
Nokri (Marisa): ooo idk, I'll take whoever people don't wanna do! i have an eevee cosplay but it's like 8 years old
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): MC is Eevee because she has to choose which ~~boy/Jaehee~~ one she wants
Aldus Larian (Jess): Flashback to me at the park and a girl comming up to me like "i LOVE your jacket" and me not knowing if she knew it was sevens jacket or thought it was an Umbreon jacket
Aldus Larian (Jess): We were nothing playing pogo btw
Bill: I stan glaceon but it’d be a half assed closet cosplay so better off with someone else.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 4 weeks and we'll be at CCE 🙌
Nokri (Marisa): do we know how much the room is, and andru i will compensate you highly if i can bum a ride off you
Nokri (Marisa): i can get to your house i just can't get to the poconos
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That photographer guy wasn’t weird y’all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What a relief
Nokri (Marisa): Did you have a shoot today?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The one that wanted to pay you?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeeee
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 400 dollar for two hours
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And got me a water, fan, and ice pop
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And let me draft a contract
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Wow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): (He provided one and then was like “what edits do you want”)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YE I didn’t get mugged!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Even tho that scenario sounds like one where I would be!
Nokri (Marisa): WHAT
Nokri (Marisa): WOAH
Nokri (Marisa): holy fudge that guy is loaded
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Did he take any weird photos?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nope! Nothing freaky
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Normal photos
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Sit on a rock and smile, stand by a bush and smile
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We got some REALLY nice ones in a bamboo forest
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And he showed me every photo after he took it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Was it in cosplay?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Whoa he showed you pictures he took off *you* and not *someone else*?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WHOA WHO WOULD HAVE THUNK
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Half a normal black dress I own, half vault suit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Nice!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He’s like late twenties/early thirties I think so I guess he has money to build a cosplay portfolio
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Even signed a thing that he promises not to sell prints of me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which I think is the weirdest thing a photographer could do of me
Nokri (Marisa): the signing thing sounds normal
paying that much to not use the photos in any way aside from a portfolio sounds extremely abnormal
be careful of groomers and whatnot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He said there’s a photo contest near him he wanted to submit a photo for
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But he would get my approval of the photo first
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He’s never to the photography game I think
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Said he’s trying to build a portfolio for conventions so people have something to reference when deciding to book
Nokri (Marisa): still sounds like one of those "if it's too good to be true it probably is" situation, i'd be wary going forward
Nokri (Marisa): that's like 2 weeks of work money
Nokri (Marisa): ~~sorry if i'm being a killjoy I've just seen far too many grooming situations~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It okay, you just care about me being safe ❤️
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I am thankful for a safety Marisa
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Marisa is now the Safety Salamander
Nokri (Marisa): if you're under attack, go for the eyes because crushing a human eyeball is as easy as crushing an empty soda can, and if your toe is green that's just a small bacterial infection
