Bill: *feeling cute, might sneak into a cult later*
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: V when he finds out you left him and your adopted child to get with Ray:
Bill: Can’t take a decent selfie for shit tonight rip.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Late but YEAH EDEN
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~But Ray's also his adobed child~~
Bill: ~~ssh~~
Bill: ~~that would make MC Rays mom~~
Bill: 
Bill: So.
Aldus Larian (Jess): On Vs route ya
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~And seven also~~
Bill: Beating out the Steve universe curls, this could work for Gil.
Aldus Larian (Jess): A lil short but maybe not if you straighten it?
Bill: 
Bill: it's a little fuller than it looks in pictures, ngl for a closet thing not terrible.
Bill: I dunno if I'd ever put the thing together because no one else knows what Va-11 hall-a is, but.
Bill: Fun.
Nokri (Marisa): Eyyy same wig <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): Oh shoot I’m several messages behind oh no
Bill: You made it look so different!
Bill: That cool!
Bill: You talented!
Nokri (Marisa): Wot
Nokri (Marisa): No u
Nokri (Marisa): I had to go through four short blue wigs before I found the right now
Nokri (Marisa): i have all the pieces and they all fit but sinon is out.
why are the most revealing costumes the most complex and the hottest to wear
Nokri (Marisa): cheerleading uniforms *usually* aren't so bad.
bunny suits? absolute murder. ten billion degrees.
Nokri (Marisa): this? like wearing a massive fur blanket
Nokri (Marisa): even saber and pyrrha were murder because of the five layers of skin-colored stockings underneath
new idea: all outfits are cool. fashionable and breathable. anime is cancelled until this happens.
Nokri (Marisa): omg this is awesome
Andrew: omg
Andrew: 
Andrew: 
Bill: FUCK i forgot about Zenkai rooms opening in a half hour.
Nokri (Marisa): i have two nia cosplays
i wasn't gonna bring young nia to otakon because it's bulky..... but maybe adult nia.....................
Nokri (Marisa): but it looks so cheesy compared to young nia
Bill: stress.
Bill: Couldn't get em early via calling.
Bill: I miss those days.
Bill: Made things a lot easier.
Bill: Two rooms booked, the block is closed already.
Bill: Welcome.
Bill: These things are going to give me an ulcer soon tho.
Bill: whew.
Nokri (Marisa): ahhh i scheduled a photoshoot during the atla meetup. there go my plans to do katara.
scheduling is hard
Nokri (Marisa): i wanted to bring my poi aaaaaahhhhhhhhh
Nokri (Marisa): oh, might be better for cce with the water
Nokri (Marisa): Friday: Kagura. Chihiro. Mari.
Saturday: Morgiana. Yona. Karuta/Emma.
Sunday: Chise

if i deviate from this plan I die ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): no dying
Nokri (Marisa): i'm already questioning it i'm gonna die
Nokri (Marisa): What if ranka instead of karuta/emma 👀
Nokri (Marisa): i'm debating skipping closing ceremonies and going to one of the smithsonians on sunday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): spidergwen suit is 12 dolla off today and i just got paid
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _gettin it_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mmm second thought i want the custom suit with the zippers at the hands
Nokri (Marisa): they'll call you
zipper hands gwen
Nokri (Marisa): now i gotta decide what rwby costume to bring. uguu.
ruby's out, too hot and bulky.
i want to do neon, but they asked me to leave last time i wore skates <:lenny:395307171539189760>
pyrrha vs blake
Nokri (Marisa): skates might be too bulky also. blake probably best.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Can you wear converse instead of skates?
Nokri (Marisa): i only have black shoes which might clash
the pink shoes I have are super tall high heels (they have cat eats on them though!!) or slippers for feferi
Aldus Larian (Jess): what size are u?
Nokri (Marisa): 7.5 us
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have black converse hightops but they old af, I have white low tops too. I'm a 7 I think Georgia is too and possibly Lee?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea unfortunately I dont have anything that would work for neon ...plus I'm an 8 xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ah shit I was close
Nokri (Marisa): i already wore neon to otakon once
Nokri (Marisa): got some RAD pics
Nokri (Marisa): almost fell down some stairs
Nokri (Marisa): almost fell off a wall
Nokri (Marisa): it was great
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.facebook.com/events/1641594659323362/
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): dang biru marks interested in stuff fast
Nokri (Marisa): people started getting their badges in the mail today 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): 👀 👀
Bill: I posted on instagram shoots.
Bill: I need *something* to motivate me with Ota cause ngl I could take or leave it at the moment.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i has size 7 feets
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i have black, red, blue, gray, galaxy sneakers
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lowkey glad i didnt pre register for mailed badges cause now i can only go one day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which is only 60 dollar compared to 90
Nokri (Marisa): pls don't leave otakon it's in 10 days
Bill: I don't think I practically could drop it so...
Bill: Where would I shoot Winter at Ota.
Bill: The church maybe?
Nokri (Marisa): The stairs would have been perfect if they didn’t tear them down <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: where
Nokri (Marisa): Across the street, The™ photoshoot spot I was talking about yesterday 
Wait I think this spot is still there
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): that was there last year
Bill: yeah.
Nokri (Marisa): But the area was under construction in October
Nokri (Marisa): The other building lost its stairs
Bill: yeah, the library.
Nokri (Marisa): That building there could be good for winter
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Ye, that was the thought.
Bill: Zombie is a surprise for a shoot request.
Bill: Dan and Evie are good too.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Otakon brought back the swing dance!
Bill: Is anyone in for that saturday night?
Bill: They have lessons like Zenkai did, and the actual dancing time has cocktails ~~like overpriced boxed wine but~~
Nokri (Marisa): Were you still interested in shooting Yona or anything?
Bill: When?
Nokri (Marisa): Uuuuhhhh I have to check my schedule
Bill: ^ So given how you book yourself at cons, and how many cosplays you do, it's alot easier for me if you ask about a cosplay during a time frame.
Bill: I just can't keep track of your plans.
Nokri (Marisa): i thought you didn't like time frames tho
Bill: I go back and forth.
Bill: I like to not be rushed and shoot casually with a few close friends.
Bill: But cons don't work for that.
Bill: Tom and Jess like to wander, Georgia and you have full schedules, etc.
Bill: So I sacrifice creative time with photos for more scheduled slots so we actually *do* the photos (without a schedule it's sometimes impossible to motivate people into shooting).
Nokri (Marisa): sowwy
Bill: Nah.
Bill: It's not the end of the world.
Bill: I'd like to do some squad wandering in cosplay at cons too, though I don't think we're squading at all for Ota so it moot this time.
Bill: Doing location shoots not at a con is where I can spend more time on the creative side.
Bill: ~~lets not talk about how difficult scheduling those are~~
Bill: anyway.
Nokri (Marisa): current schedule for ota, i need time to change before the rwby shoot and meetups/panels will take an hour but otherwise time is open
Nokri (Marisa): yona would be saturday ideally
Bill: Morning, day, or night?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah
Bill: oh, you're attending the shoots you have listed, not cosplaying them?
Nokri (Marisa): bit of both
Nokri (Marisa): depends on which shoot
Bill: I figured you were going to fate shoot in Saber.
Nokri (Marisa): oh that's a private one someone booked
Nokri (Marisa): i'm not attending the group one
Bill: NICE
Bill: You got a lot of shoots on there Marisa.
Nokri (Marisa): 4
Bill: That's a lot.
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): pls
Nokri (Marisa): that's nothing
Nokri (Marisa): i'm aiming to get at least 4 on sunday
Bill: ~~it is, outside of friend group photos I rarely have more than 2 people~~
Nokri (Marisa): advertise more!
Bill: I posted earlier.
Bill: I don't mind, I like shooting, if I can do so with friends all day that more than works for me.
Nokri (Marisa): as it stands now i'm definitely bringing kagura, chise, morgiana, mari, and yona. idk which other ones i'll bring but if you have any interest hmu
Bill: But the trend has turned to last minute lineups and that doesn't work with scheduling.
Nokri (Marisa): instagram's not all that great for advertising
Nokri (Marisa): oh and blake because rwby
Bill: It's where my following is. If I post about shoots on the groups I'll get swamped because I don't charge for shoots. I don't need that much.
Bill: Anyway.
Nokri (Marisa): o see that's why you'd get way more than 4 though
Bill: Yeah I'd rather have people contact me cause they appreciate the work, not because I'm free.
Bill: It's not something I want to win at.
Bill: I'm happy with the squad, when the squad has a lineup ahead of time. I'm happy freewheeling it with the squad, if we actually do the shoots.
Bill: Do you have a location in mind for Yona?
Bill: I'm guessing the grassy area by the church/library.
Nokri (Marisa): it's been 2 years since i've been at the con center, yeah that could work. i can't recall any other spaces so thursday i'm gonna snoop around
Bill: lol right.
Bill: Going to Ota with you feels like just yesterday.
Nokri (Marisa): It was yesterday
Bill: 11:30? that'll do.
Bill: Sun won't be too high by then, I think.
Nokri (Marisa): Ok can do, bless 🙏
Nokri (Marisa): How many shutter shades do you want
Bill: NONE
Nokri (Marisa): Ok so at least one
Bill: You have props for Yona?
Nokri (Marisa): I have a bow/arrow
And a chipmunk but I’d like another one
Nokri (Marisa): I have a cape somewhere but I might’ve lost it, I’ll have to look
Nokri (Marisa): Can bring gauze
Bill: Okay. I think we only need 11:30 to 12 for shooting, cause a half hour is enough for one person usually.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Guess I should really start deciding what I'm wearing to Otakon...
Bill: Should I lean into more half hour shoots for a change...
Bill: I don't *need* a full hour for solo shoots...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Maybe I'll bust out OG Blake again
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Because *comfort*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😍
Bill: Aim for cool, Ota hot.
Nokri (Marisa): ~~if you have any time on Sunday could i request a chise shoot maybe~~

I bring ears for u
Bill: I'll have time, depends on when leaving.
Bill: I gotta go take the subway, so talk more later.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i need some cooler cosplays
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I survived in Blake in Austin. Wasn't too bad. Sleeveless tee def helps
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): O a meet up now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _can I do a last minute something_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!184437198865563648> what hotel are we at?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I guess Blake on Saturday, Kirishima on Sunday? 🤔
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Can I pull together a Yang or Pyrrha variant by next Saturday hmmmm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s a thrift shop right near the college
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Could do Pyrrha in Jaunes armor...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Or a casual variant of Yang
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh balls if I find a wedding dress from the thrift shop I could rip everyone’s hearts out
Bill: Marriott behind the marquis.
Bill: Dunno the exact name.
Bill: Swing lessons are 8 and the club is open the rest of night, if there any takers to that. I think I’m skipping cosplay Saturday.
Nokri (Marisa): I could.........
*swing by*
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Is it the hotel Jake was in last year?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sound snkinds cool.is it an actual club?
Nokri (Marisa): are we staying at the residence inn? that's behind the mariott
looks like it has a rooftop lounge kinda thing
Nokri (Marisa): oh this was posted in the group chat, is it the courtyard?
Nokri (Marisa): oh the courtyard is the residence inn. that's confusing <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Courtyard yes.
Bill: <@!351471675843411978> they setup a room like the zenkai formal basically, but they had a live band playing jazz and little drink stations.
Bill: It was the BOMB and I'm hype.
Bill: Different hotel. We were going to be in that hotel.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooooo ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): So wait we are staying int he courtyard Marriott?
Bill: yes.
Nokri (Marisa): i think the live band is a different event. they have 2 swing lessons, one has a live band and is earlier in the day, the other one is 18+ and doesn't say it has a live band (it might? but the earlier event specifically says "live band")
Nokri (Marisa): oh i see, nvm. the band is during the swing dance. the swing lessons are before that. there's basically swing and dancing lessons in that room literally all day
Bill: Yeah.
Bill: Either do the 3pm or 8pm swing lesson, and then can dance in the 9-12 block, or at least enjoy the music.
Nokri (Marisa): oh snap autographs are up!!
Bill: It's not slow like formals ~~and all coupley~~ but not as high energy as the rave, which is nice cause the drive back sunday is long.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm gonna get this dude's autograph
Aldus Larian (Jess): YES
Nokri (Marisa): join me
Nokri (Marisa): how long in advance did you line up for cheritz last year?
like, i know you can't technically line up until an hour in advance, but how long were you prowling around in the vicinity waiting to pounce once the line started?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wasn't actually. I was prob within a half hour?
Nokri (Marisa): whaaaat?
Nokri (Marisa): wasn't cheritz super popular? had they already had an autograph session?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea but everyone was still at the booth ~~trying to buy body pillows~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): We were at the end if the line I thought we'd have to come back for the Saturday one but nope
Nokri (Marisa): ooooooooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): I figured I'd get one signature one Friday and one on Saturday but they grouped all five together which was really nice
Nokri (Marisa): i've wanted to meet TRIGGER for so long because they always attend otakon and animenext, but I have shoots right before all of their signings so i can't line up until the signing actually starts. and trigger's always super popular, I can't even get into their panels it's full up
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I mean cheritz was popular but you've gotta think their demographic is only half the attendees at the con to begin with
Nokri (Marisa): last otakon I managed to get an autograph I wanted the second time around. the first attempt I showed up an hour and a half early but couldn't find the area, asked a women for directions right when the line was meant to start, and found it was already past capacity and couldn't get in line. second time i was near the cut-off at the end
Nokri (Marisa): it was vegeta's japanese voice actor, i didn't know he was vegeta i just wanted his autograph because he was ataru lol
Nokri (Marisa): half the attendees is so much
Nokri (Marisa): i'm forever in ur debt forever
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo who you gonna try to get this year? And nah u good
Nokri (Marisa): debt forever
studio TRIGGER, maybe the tensura guys but they're at the same time as NaNo and I listened to her songs on repeat for eternity a few years back. maybe kikuko but she only has one session, and Toru Furuya
Nokri (Marisa): kikuko and toru have autographs at the same time as the anibeat concert i was interested in, but that's passable. i just wanted to do wotagei but I can do that in the hotel room <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wotagei?
Nokri (Marisa): i have some shikishi i bought in japan when i worked in the office near animate omiya, maybe i can find them
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!!
Nokri (Marisa): it's
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh god I wish i knew what you were saying
Nokri (Marisa): basically this with glowsticks
https://media1.tenor.com/images/ac190c54add867dab81560fcd5bc6a6f/tenor.gif?itemid=10268340
Nokri (Marisa): oh goodness gracious golly me
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oooo so you're gonna shake glow sticks in the hotel room?
Nokri (Marisa): shikishi are these things
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa
Nokri (Marisa): catch me 3am wotagei-ing around my (hopefully signed) shikishi
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): everyone: marisa pls sleep
me:https://sociorocketnewsen.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/screenhunter_106-feb-11-11-59.jpg?w=580&h=305&crop=1
Nokri (Marisa): our hotel room after i give you guys glow sticks too
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): the one girl i wanna get an autograph from is Salem in japanese RWBY
Nokri (Marisa): i'm betting her line will be filled with older men aaaaaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): lots of older shows. also she's belldandy
Nokri (Marisa): dang it, tuxedo mask is also yamcha that's gonna be impossible to get in line for
Nokri (Marisa): *unless i'm first in line for belldandy and she signs really really fast*
