El🆓de Faun (Tom): Cosplay culture is wierd yo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Just as a general statement, but crowd funded cosplay culture is even more wierd
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you mean like "buy me kofis so I have money to buy cosplay stuff" kind of crowdfunding?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just saw the bath water thing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I guess that's what you meant
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh nono
El🆓de Faun (Tom): The first thing you said
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Like I like labinak, she's nice and stuff but it feels so wierd man
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Or mangaloo rather
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Like what Kamui does feels more natural
Bill: It’s been getting weird too...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Noah sent me the bath water thing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And was like “could you do this?”
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The answer to that is "Could I? Yes <:pew:543202259085950996> Would I? No, because I have something called self respect <:pew:543202259085950996>"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But yeah, the Mangoloo cosplay crowdfunding and the like is weird
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah like when people donate for entire prop pieces
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "Help me fund my $1000 cosplay!"
*5 minutes later*
"Wow thanks guys we made it!"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That iCarly episode where they find out soliciting money from the internet is illegal comes to mind
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: oop, I basically fully funded David's Blake cosplay. Am I a criminal?
Bill: ~~He's a guy and he was looking for kofi donations I knew he wouldn't get enough XD~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Idk what that laws actually say, but because it's technically a "donation" maybe it's different
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill: 
Bill: Boi Arryn seems uncomfortable.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): To be fair, Arryn looks uncomfortable like 90% of the time
Bill: Oh does she?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Kinda
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Idk maybe I inadvertently gave off creepy fanboy vibes when I met her because she looks a little uncomfortable here too :P
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Lee got a good photo with her but probably because they made that kickass robe for her lol
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Arryn is just uncomfortable in life
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Which is a mood
Bill: No wonder Lee likes her lol
Bill: I'm sure it gets uncomfortable after a half hour behind an table like that.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea and when I met barb she was super exhausted and kinda grumpy xD so like its expected
Bill: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I had a dream a few nights ago I met Kara again along with Lindsay
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh also Matt said he got the BNE flag signed by Lindsay and Barb so we got all the girls plus Jen
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So Ethan has a jar labeled Wezrez and he brought it to RTX
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Is there any way that could be interpreted as offensive?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I mean it would be funny if it wasn't him probably
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean I don’t really mind but _the followers_
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like a Pyrrha joke jar of ash or like a "put a quarter in the jar if you say wezrez" or like?
Nokri (Marisa): if he didn't get your permission to do it first that's pretty messed up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): To carry a jar of dirt labeled “Wezrez”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He said it’s so I can join in spirit
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oooo 
~~kinda feels like it's just his way of banking on your popularity~~ 
~~not literal banking but like benefiting from your popularity~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think it's pretty weird if he didn't ask you
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also dead Pyrrha jokes are old ag
Andrew: I cannot for the life of me find my Ryoma wig.
Andrew: Ive torn my room upside down but it is lost.
Nokri (Marisa): Look for something else instead
Andrew: Is that the whole "ill find it when im not looking" thing?
Nokri (Marisa): ya
Nokri (Marisa): i'm quite happy ruby's new design looks so easy so far and i could make it easily, but i feel like i shouldn't. such conflict.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Little skirt with safety shorts. No more petticoat
Nokri (Marisa): my ruby petticoat is pretty nice though, it's made out of stuff for a christmas wreath
Nokri (Marisa): i have four rwby cosplays but i feel pretty alienated from bne so making another would be. a bit pointless perhaps.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Do V7 Ruby :3c
Nokri (Marisa): yeah... it looks really really easy and i already have most of the stuff for it, but i don't think it'll change anything and i'll just have another costume sitting around
Nokri (Marisa): like, i want to, but i can just wear the ruby costume i have if i want to cosplay her again
Nokri (Marisa): idk i think i'm just bummed about my usual nonsense sorry
Nokri (Marisa): im gonna go make a dress
Aldus Larian (Jess): I need Nora design
Nokri (Marisa): zippers and belts
Nokri (Marisa): im getting new fabric tonight to make custom outfits to sell because we need the income but i hate it, i don't like the quality of my work and i'm afraid people will be very unhappy if they buy it
Aldus Larian (Jess): I buy
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like
Nokri (Marisa): no no
i give for free if u want something
not worth money
Nokri (Marisa): u make my cosplays better
Aldus Larian (Jess): I can barely sew
Nokri (Marisa): ya you can!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Half the time o give up and use fabric glue <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): i gotta start making stuff now because jack might be going out of business soon and that will mean no more fabric
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no!
Nokri (Marisa): he wants to retire. he is having trouble selling stuff, but enough to keep afloat for now, and he doesn't have anyone to take over the shop. he's selling the shop as-is but at a ridiculous price so he might just liquidate everything and then sell the shop space in a couple years
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ohhh ok that makes sense
Nokri (Marisa): ~~we'll take any fabric he can't get rid of~~
Nokri (Marisa): but i feel like that's really unfair
Nokri (Marisa): we get fabric for basically free / just for working a few hours and then make something that anyone can make
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah he obviously doesn't mind it
Nokri (Marisa): what if someone buys an outfit and finds out and gets really mad
Aldus Larian (Jess): Gets mad that you the fabric for a good deal?
Nokri (Marisa): like, finds out it isn't professionally made
Nokri (Marisa): it's sold in a store of handmade items but. hm.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hand made is usually a plus!
Nokri (Marisa): but not mine
Nokri (Marisa): you've seen me sewing at applebee's you've seen my trash <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): when i look at pictures of all my costumes i only see mistakes, and i feel guilty about trying to sell those mistakes as fashion to people
Aldus Larian (Jess): Your copslays are good and on top of that youll get used to making them and you'll only get better
Nokri (Marisa): nah
Nokri (Marisa): maybe people will buy bracelets made of macaroni
Nokri (Marisa): omg
Nokri (Marisa): omg that's genius
Nokri (Marisa): for cons: make bracelets of macaroni and then boil it in the morning and you've got a lovely convenient snack for the rest of the day
Nokri (Marisa): copyright me right now
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg
Nokri (Marisa): i know right i just solved so many problems
Bill: She’s not clicking in Dishwasher’s art either. Rip Weiss.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Saber!
