Nokri (Marisa): My images either aren’t posting or they aren’t showing up for me aaahhh
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): GOTEM
Nokri (Marisa): So helpful
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: YEAH I used that it cool
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh shir what app is that
Nokri (Marisa): It’s just called Measure
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Thank youuuu
Andrew: I need that
Andrew: I use too much freehand in my designs
Nokri (Marisa): The app is mainly for just measuring how big stuff is, probably not good for designs
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Someone be that guy who yells “play freebird”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _dont actually that’s just a good meme_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I think Eric learned a part of freebird just for that actually
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _GOOD MAN_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yo this is how much my posts are estimated to be worth????
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whoaaaa??
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Whoa
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ethan texts me: is anyone running your rwby shoot at rtx this year?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): me: please dont volunteer please dont volunteeer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): FUCK HE VOLUNTEERED
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oof
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Are you going this year?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): No right? So what he means take it over?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): he means run it this year i guess>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _he acknowledged its mine tho, good_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh huh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i told him to put it at 2 pm and he listened
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wow
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wtf <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): *it's the 25th let me in*
Nokri (Marisa): I'M IN
Nokri (Marisa): IT'S OPEN
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): HACKED
Nokri (Marisa): hnnng ok
i regret but i'm in
Nokri (Marisa): gotta work hard now
go to sleep so i can finish my work early and keep costuming
Nokri (Marisa): i'm glad i didn't give up at 12:01 and refreshed constantly until it opened at 12:03 ^u^
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Go mawisa!
Nokri (Marisa): i requested a time between 10:30 and 11:30, preferably between 10:30 and 11:00. i probably should've gone for a later time slot (~3:00) so i could wear something else in the morning but i'm just too nervous about this costume. aaaaaaaaaa.
Nokri (Marisa): <@!141729881779077121> here's the link if you wanna sign up, it usually fills up within the first day but idk how many people sit at their computer desperately refreshing like i do
https://www.animenext.org/events/hall-cosplay-costume-contest
Andrew: ohhhh
Andrew: im so nervous
Nokri (Marisa): i'm still sitting here like <:woah:543194447345876998>
Andrew: Im putting in for it
Andrew: If not just for the experience
Nokri (Marisa): i checked 500 times but i'm still paranoid i made a typo on my email
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH DO IT
Nokri (Marisa): are you gonna do the walk-on too?
Andrew: what is thgat
Nokri (Marisa): it's when you go on stage during the masquerade and just walk across for a few seconds
Andrew: Maybe?
Andrew: Also we could have enterd as a group
Nokri (Marisa): that's usually for if you made the costumes together
Andrew: Ooooh
Andrew: lol
Nokri (Marisa): like, one person does the wigs and another does the armor and they collaborate on the fabric
Andrew: ohhhhhh
Andrew: got it
Andrew: Also, i had hjelp with my sewing should i put yes with assistance?
Nokri (Marisa): yee~ it's usually nothing to do with series or i would've recommended it too
Nokri (Marisa): yeah it's best to do that
Nokri (Marisa): they ask you a lot about the construction of the outfit so it's best to be upfront with everything
Andrew: im fine with that
Andrew: does the other person have to be there?
Andrew: shes not going to the con
Andrew: she helped me sew the cloak and gloves
Nokri (Marisa): i don't think so? my roommate from the last animenext i went to entered and had help from her grandmother who wasn't at the con
Nokri (Marisa): they only have to be there if they made a majority of the outfit, like if they made the pants and shirt and shoes too
Andrew: question
Andrew: What was not handmade was the wig, pants and shirt
Andrew: although the shirt and pants i trrimmed with gold
Andrew: oh and boots
Andrew: *since theyre covers  i lined with fur and wore shoes underneath
Nokri (Marisa): but you styled the wig right? very very few people actually make their base wig
Andrew: i havent yet but i will
Andrew: Is that enough to enter?
Andrew: enough percentage?
Nokri (Marisa): if you feel you made a significant portion of the outfit, then yeah!
Nokri (Marisa): you should focus on explaining the parts you did because that's what they're interested in
Andrew: Ikm just super nervous cuz i dont know how hardcore this will be
Andrew: thats good advice
Nokri (Marisa): it's usually pretty chill? katsucon was the first time i ever had an issue with the contest
Andrew: Im envisioning the room filled with hand sewn fully decked out cosplays and armors
Nokri (Marisa): it is super nerve wracking but everyone is very very nice. usually when entering a contest you think "oh god everyone is gonna be cut-throat and snarky" but usually the people are super nice and chill and we just like to talk about sewing
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH THAT'S IT it's pretty intimidating not gonna lie but it's also really cool
Nokri (Marisa): remember there are also different levels
Andrew: Im imagining the whole "embarassed in front of class" cliche
Nokri (Marisa): there's usually no reason or rhyme to who gets judged when. a total beginner could go immediately after a 10-time champion
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YOU CAN DO IT!!!
Andrew: Im not expecting to win, just want the experience
Nokri (Marisa): kiiinda? animenext's contest is one of the only contests i know where you're judged in front of others, unless they've changed it last year. but you're not really judged in front of others because everyone is too nervous to pay attention to anyone else
Nokri (Marisa): usually you go into a private room with the judges but at animenext they just send you to the other side of a big room, unless they changed it
Andrew: Itll be good for my self esteem hopefully?
Andrew: Do they say liek a "grade" or anything when tyheyre done with you?
Nokri (Marisa): yo. shoutout to the disney girls at otakon like 6 years ago. you can only enter japanese-originating material into their contest and the disney princesses were like "we're from kingdom hearts" and the judges were like "ok!"
Nokri (Marisa): n o p e, no feedback.
sometimes there are feedback panels? but i actually haven't seen that on a schedule in several years, i don't think they were very popular, and also the judges see hundreds of costumes so it's hard for them to remember every little detail. if you see them out and about and they're free, and you happen to be wearing your costume, they're usually good to give advice
Nokri (Marisa): i can give you a run-down of how the contest goes if you want, just give me a minute because i'm still shaking from adrenaline and i need to brush my teeth
Andrew: ok
Andrew: Are you walking in the walk on?
Nokri (Marisa): Ye! Flora and Meg are also in it (flora I think the walk on, Meg is in the actual masquerade)
I can tell you about that too, it’s basically sitting in the dark for a few hours with a small food platter
Andrew: lol
Andrew: well i cant wait to hear
Andrew: take your time
Andrew: ima submit the application
Nokri (Marisa): What time are you aiming for?
Andrew: prob around the same as you
Andrew: My plan is naofumi morning/ryoma for FE then change and do amsquerade
Andrew: ifff i can manage?
Andrew: They said you can be drressed up friday to do walk on?
Andrew: how does that workm
Nokri (Marisa): Ye!
Have you ever been to a con masquerade? 
I’ll explain how the Friday thing works when I’m back at my computer
Andrew: ok
Andrew: and just for some skits
Andrew: never saw walk ons
Nokri (Marisa): oki! i return!
Nokri (Marisa): so animenext usually has a best of friday and a best of saturday, that's why they differentiate. other cons don't really have that, just a best of division.
Nokri (Marisa): you can enter the judging on friday and then just wear your costume again for the saturday masquerade
Andrew: I may do that?
Andrew: im worried about sat costumes
Nokri (Marisa): :0
Andrew: what time is the massq usually start?
Nokri (Marisa): i'm trying to find a video of some walk-ons but i don't wanna use previous animenext ones because i'm in those 👀
Andrew: loool
Nokri (Marisa): lemme check something
Andrew: im prob gonna wear it on friday too so it would be easy since i have no plans
Nokri (Marisa): ok so judging ends at 3pm on saturday, so i'd say the masquerade is gonna start around 5?
Andrew: then do walk on sat
Andrew: thats good
Andrew: i gotta do FE 3-4
Andrew: i have time to change
Nokri (Marisa): im tryna find a schedule for it
usually you have to line up an hour or 30 minutes before the masquerade starts though
Nokri (Marisa): found the schedule, last year the masq started at 5 yeah
Nokri (Marisa): so line-up is probably 4 or 4:30
Andrew: even the walk ons have to be in line early?
Andrew: i mean i think i can manage
Nokri (Marisa): yeah because you have to be seated behind the stage
Nokri (Marisa): or in front of the stage if they changed it?
Andrew: *ill be doing a lot of running*
Nokri (Marisa): some cons have the walk-ons off to the side of the stage but animenext usually has us in the green room
Andrew: I can move Fe to the 1-2 time slot if neeeded
Andrew: since that wont conflict with rwby
Nokri (Marisa): can you move the whole photoshoot this late?
Nokri (Marisa): is there another photoshoot in that spot from 1 to 2?
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i don't mean to be a debby downer i just wanna make sure things go smoothly~~
Andrew: on the spreadsheet (closest to official record) only hour 2 of MHA
Nokri (Marisa): here's a recent example of walk-ons!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaB4Nz8aNLA
Nokri (Marisa): for walk-ons you basically just walk out on stage, strike a pose in the center, and then walk off. they'll have us lined up and one person will be ushering people on the stage when their name is called.
Andrew: I have faith i can do FEE then change and lineup
Andrew: so ill do a judging time friday daytime
Nokri (Marisa): oo you didn't submit it yet?
Andrew: no
Andrew: was waiting on your advice
Nokri (Marisa): smart idea i panicked and just went with the first thing
Andrew: first choice fri 330 second sat 1100
Andrew: ohh nickname
Andrew: do you ahvbe Kaseicosplay?
Nokri (Marisa): for judging, you show up at your scheduled time. be in your costume. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
also bring reference materials because the judges don't know every show. they're usually big disney fans but their anime knowledge is a little lacking. each judge *usually* has a specialty. idk if they've been doing that in recent years but that's how it traditionally goes.
Nokri (Marisa): i was gonna but then decided against it because they butcher the names. I was gonna go with Mars but ehhhh.
Andrew: ~~brand recognitiono of Metmercury~~~
Andrew: i think i will put it
Nokri (Marisa): by specialty i mean one judge is very particular about wigs, another is particular about costume trims and seams, another is particular about armor and props, etc. 
that easy to pronounce 👍
Andrew: hope i get armor/props?
Andrew: def im most proud of that
Nokri (Marisa): you go up to the room and give them your name and if it's your assigned time they'll let you in. then you sit nervously in a chair until they call you
Nokri (Marisa): OH you don't meet with just one judge! you meet the whole panel at once aaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): so like, ~5 judges at the same time
Andrew: the intimidation
Nokri (Marisa): sitting in the chairs is good for meeting new friends because everyone is freaking out and trying to find a distraction
Andrew: submitted
Nokri (Marisa): ~~did you get an email because it said they didn't do automatic emails *but just in case what if i missed an email*~~
Andrew: omhg
Andrew: in that video the guy says "Briguett-ey" for Brigitte
Andrew: oof
Nokri (Marisa): so they'll call your name and you go up to the judges
panel of several people each with a specialty. they take notes and have papers that are like a rubric, i think it's usually out of 10 points for each category? category is stuff like overall craftsmanship, resemblance to character, creativity
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH SEE THEY REALLY MESS UP EVERY NAME
Nokri (Marisa): you're in charge of explaining your costume to the judges. give them the reference materials and have at it. they recommend going from top to bottom or bottom to top because otherwise people get all jumbled up and lose track of what they've explained
Andrew: ~~i love public speaking~~
Andrew: just nerd out about it\
Nokri (Marisa): they might ask clarifying questions here and there, but usually they save any questions for after the explanation. with permission they may also get up and touch you to look at the outfit
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH!!!
Nokri (Marisa): nerd out about your costume and gush over it
Nokri (Marisa): then they'll be like "Ok thanks for coming bye" and that's it
you walk out feeling scared and dazed and hazy
Andrew: sounds right
Nokri (Marisa): they may also confirm stuff with you, like double-check "are you entering this as a walk-on?" and whatnot
Nokri (Marisa): the check-in person usually does that
Andrew: is there nerves in green room
Nokri (Marisa): oh yeah big time
Andrew: or is everryone like
Andrew: noones judging
Andrew: so all chill
Nokri (Marisa): no one's judging but also nerves are sky high
Andrew: *forgetting its walking in front of hundreds of peopls*
Nokri (Marisa): but it's fine
yeah
Nokri (Marisa): the girl next to me had a button fall off her costume and had to take off her pants to repair it while we were back stage and she still won first place, it was more amusing that she was fine taking her pants off than anything
Nokri (Marisa): flora is a godsend she lent me so much sock glue
Andrew: ill prob sit there quiet
Andrew: internally screaming
Nokri (Marisa): it's kind of hard to hear people talk yeah
Nokri (Marisa): we have to keep things at a whisper because there are people with microphones around, but also we're immediately next to the stage speakers so the volume is loud
Nokri (Marisa): OH you can also write notes if you want! I'm gonna do that, make a little booklet about how i make raphtalia because i know i'm gonna forget stuff
Nokri (Marisa): the judges can then look over it as part of your references if you so choose
Andrew: by references, like pictures and notes?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah! mostly pictures because they don't have time to read over a lot of notes
Nokri (Marisa): judging is very strict on time, like 10 minutes max
Andrew: so be early
Andrew: and be ready
Nokri (Marisa): nah just be on time
yeah be ready
Nokri (Marisa): if you get the 10:00-10:30 time slot, be there at like 9:55 but know that you might not get judged until 10:20
Nokri (Marisa): or 10:13 or 10:38. they just keep things rolling
Nokri (Marisa): if one person doesn't take the whole 10 minutes they go immediately to the next person
Nokri (Marisa): deliberation is done after all the costumes are seen OH ALSO
Nokri (Marisa): THEY TAKE YOUR PICTURE
Nokri (Marisa): i forgot about that, it's important
Andrew: no problems
Nokri (Marisa): when you check in before you go in front of the judges they take your picture, because the judges see a lot of people and can't remember everything. everyone has an assigned number to make things easier, so they can be like "#10 was good, what did everyone think?" and they can bring up the picture while deciding later

it's not a fancy photoshoot picture, it's like the most rushed hall pic ever in front of a white sheet
Nokri (Marisa): i think that's it owo
sorry for the wall of text. i just like knowing every tiny detail of what i'm getting into before it happens so i tend to over explain things.
if you have any more questions i can write another 50 paragraphs but you're probably good
Andrew: I got a handle i think thank you very much
Andrew: I will await the email
Nokri (Marisa): time to refresh gmail
Nokri (Marisa): constantly
Andrew: hotmail for me
Andrew: do you think i got in in time
Nokri (Marisa): yeah you're probably fine
Bill: I’m not catching up on this but I’m glad you guys are being good frendos.
Andrew: tldr im in hall costume contest
Andrew: I have my judging either Fri 330-4 or Sat 1030-11 and im walking in the masquerade
Nokri (Marisa): I got the confirmation email woo. My time is 10:30
We only get 5 minutes of judging time yikes they must’ve had a lot of entries
Nokri (Marisa): I can shoot any time after 11 then
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I did a Toga closet test last night when I couldn’t sleep
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m kinda feelin it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Your physics student cosplay looks great
Andrew: My time is Friday 330 to 4
Andrew: So I'm good Saturday
Bill: <@!351785752197201920> <@!351471675843411978> <@!350855105123319808> y’all still doing a sleep and I gotta go ~~find some bread to settle my stomach~~ start driving to meet Anna and Leanna (oh that confusing). Check out is noon.
Bill: They so cute.
Bill: Keycard in front of the modern art if you need it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aww ok! Sorry we missed you 😭
Bill: Nbd.
Bill: I didn’t want to wake you.
Bill: Rest In Peace my diet and looking attractive but that bacon egg and cheese bagel has done wonders for Erik’s drummer banging on my head. XD
Bill: Y’all need to see Erik’s band tho. He’s AMAZIN.
Bill: That was your first show Erik? I wouldn’t have guessed.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i saw jess rockin out on insta
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): very lit
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I def wanna go next time
Aldus Larian (Jess): It was lit y'all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i wanna go next time too
Bill: Jeremy (the singer) asked about the photos too.
Bill: 🥰
Bill: I’m a gravity shot groupie now. Imma throw dis fine ass at that banging b*ass*ist. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Jessica came together pretty good so as long as Leanna’s wog magic got the wog to fit my face shape better... it quality cosplay.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): do ya got MERCH ERIK
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _i wanna get a tshirt_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _because i support you but also your band name is cool_
Nokri (Marisa): I hope they have slap bracelets
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): marisa new merch manager, look at these cool ideas
Nokri (Marisa): No I can’t be trusted for that, they let me design stuff for Zenkaikon and it never sold <:pew:543202259085950996> 
Hand sanitizer: sounds good in a group meeting, no one ever buys it <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): Slap bracelets tho. Consider it.
Bill: https://m.facebook.com/GravityShotBand/
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i was gonna say why did this format so weird
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but its _mobile_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mobile on desktop be weird
Bill: Wow lol. If I remember correctly in one of those Bakugo uraraka team up ship fics, they called a combo attack gravity shit.
Nokri (Marisa): I missed the “fic” part of that and was wracking my brain trying to remember when that had happened <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): Erik when are you selling slap bracelets
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): If you remove the "m." In the link it'll be normal on desktop
Nokri (Marisa): And toothpick holders
Bill: Gravity Slap.
Nokri (Marisa): That’s what the toothpick holder is for
Aldus Larian (Jess): They slap <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oooh i can bring noah to one of your upcoming shows
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and he can GEEK OUT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its only about 1 hour 45 from rutgers nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh man i came up with an anext line up in the clarity of 1 am last night but didnt write it down and forgot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): five wits wigs takes applications for sponsorships 😮
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _i have to have previously made a wig review tho oh baby thats tonights plan then_
Bill: Wow.
Bill: I put contacts on in the back of my car and did it perfectly.
Bill: I never do it first try both eyes.
Bill: Certainly not standing outside over my bow case.
Bill: This is different.
Bill: Cute.
Bill: Also weird.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: I feel like I’m. Too old? To be here? Like this is a high school club I’m just at for some reason?
Bill: OH WONDERFUL CREEPY HAZEL.
Bill: Or idk, being in cosplay without others is anxiety. One of those two things. Leanna get here faster XD
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): IM HERE HOLD ON
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I had to park far ish
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Lmao
Bill: Cap to the rescue owo
Aldus Larian (Jess): U cosplayin biru?
Bill: Jessica Jones.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aw ye!
Bill: They’re cap and Bucky.
Bill: Lol why do think I wore leather yesterday?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Your jacket? Idk you wear a leather jacket alot bra
Bill: True.
Bill: Spotted
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow Bill wears leather jacket bras <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im just imagining a leather jacket but crop top and with a plunging neckline
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): or a bra but each cup is like a mini leather jacket
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sign me up
Bill: Georgia has been beaten to dunkin donuts cosplay.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think she was allready beaten
Bill: I’ve been spotted 3 times as Jones, included in 2 “can I get a picture of you three” shots, and called Aizawa once.
Bill: This is pretty good.
Bill: Aaaaah it’s weird ditto guy.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh good
Bill: I have not taken a single photo!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yay for getting recognized!
Nokri (Marisa): I need hairspray for my tail and amazon doesn’t have the got2b freeze spray <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): I have learned glue does not work the same way <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Cvs!
Nokri (Marisa): But that’s not at my house
Nokri (Marisa): This is.... getting... there? <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
It’s getting to the point I throw it out and remake it but everything is covered in hair <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Oh cute
Nokri (Marisa): Put aside all your furry feelings and if I should quit while I’m ahead lemme know
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Screams I have three cans of got2b if only I could football throw one to you
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://smile.amazon.com/GOT-2B-Glued-Blasting-Freeze/dp/B01BH8BO9E/
Andrew: i actually need some myself
Andrew: gonna pick it up tonight
Nokri (Marisa): I would be so impressed if you could throw it like that
Nokri (Marisa): $16 is too expensive, it’s like $5 in the store 🙀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is why I was surprised you wanted to get it from Amazon
Bill: Loooool someone entered the contest as a kid of pidge and shiro and they have skit they just. Started doing.
Bill: What a trip.
Bill: Weird awkward clap woow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wow thats awkward as hell
Bill: Kids.
Bill: May. Need a short hair wig for Jones. Long hair, even in the bun, gets in my face while shooting.
Bill: America’s ass and Bucky won judges choice!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WOOO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i would guess voltron got 1st?
Bill: Creativity and accuracy were the other categories.
Bill: They were. Meh.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): One of my fav Pyrrha’s is doing Raven for RTX and just posted about needing a Yang 😭😭😭
