Andrew: NEXTs autograph policy stinkls
Nokri (Marisa): really? how so?
Nokri (Marisa): did they change it last year because i never had an issue with it
Andrew: Its not draconian ort anything but they limit everyone to one item
Andrew: im just reading the policies now
Andrew: and they probably soundd worse in writing but i swear it was looser b efore
Nokri (Marisa): all cons only allow one item unless the guest is super unpopular
you can get another autograph but you have to wait in line again
Andrew: zenkai allowed 3
Andrew: and it also says jonny y Bosch will be there but hjes not in the lineup
Andrew: rip
Andrew: i want him to sign the Geass series i ordered
Andrew: Also 15min prior lineup time
Nokri (Marisa): what??? who was signing multiple items at zenkai? we definitely have a one item per person policy unless you pay extra
Bill: Okay so. John Marisa and Andrew for promised never land.
Andrew: I got three from Monica
Bill: I don’t want to bet on Thursday.
Andrew: they said three items per person
Nokri (Marisa): OH monica was the one odd person out lol
Nokri (Marisa): everyone else was one item only
Andrew: it was the same for the guy she was with
Nokri (Marisa): website only has her as allowing 3 autographs so maybe he was just a cool dude
https://zenkaikon.com/events/autograph-sessions
Andrew: micalea was one but literally everything with her was a charge
Andrew: maybe so
Andrew: friday or sunday look like bets so far
Andrew: <@!184437198865563648>
Nokri (Marisa): idk if i can join neverland at anext because i'd only be able to do it at night or before leaving on sunday
Andrew: I can take or leave Neverland
Nokri (Marisa): you should do it!!
Andrew: john replied saying he doesnt wanna do photos so i guess rip
Andrew: ill bring norman in case just cuz its easy to bring
Andrew: i need to apply to cosplay chess still i remmbered
Andrew: as naofumi
Andrew: and add naofumi on to the feud gasme application cuz now i got pics of him
Nokri (Marisa): o i'd like to enter but don't know my schedule darn
you need pics to enter cosplay chess? makes sense but also odd
Andrew: *maybe this will be the year i do karaoke*
Nokri (Marisa): LETS
KARAOKE
Nokri (Marisa): i never got to serenade jess
Andrew: i would be very very not good
Bill: With the mystic messenger theme?
Andrew: tho i have a couple songs to choose from
Bill: Very very not good is not bad.
Andrew: do i do an attempt at japanese version
Andrew: i feel confident in some of them
Andrew: as for english, i got a couple
Nokri (Marisa): ye mysmes
Nokri (Marisa): go for jp
Andrew: ~~shield hero op as naofumi~~
Andrew: Ill consider it. Gotta make a list of stuff id want to sing.
Andrew: what about timing for our shoot ?
Nokri (Marisa): wont know until after the 25th
Andrew: ok
Andrew: forgot that
Bill: Bought Kaminari and Fatgum!
Andrew: when will they arrive
Bill: The thursday of Next apparently.
Andrew: perfect
Nokri (Marisa): I found my necomimi <:woah:543194447345876998> the cat ears that move according to your emotions
Mine are really old and possibly broken but I’m gonna try and use them for Raphtalia since you can switch out the ears on them
Nokri (Marisa): Might make my head look bulky though. I used to use it for Jade and Yuki so we’ll see.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oo find out if they work!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): You: feels fine
The ears: flop down
Elfriede Faun (Tom): "What is it.. what do you see?"
Nokri (Marisa): The batteries corroded and messed with it, I’m trying to clean it out but some parts rusted and broke off. 
It could be fixed in theory since it gets sparks of life, but the motors are really loud. I remember my friend almost got kicked out of math class several times because of how loud her cat ears were. So maybe a no-go.
Nokri (Marisa): BUT YEAJ they’re so cool they would flop down or jump up depending on heart rate
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh wow there that loud? Dammn
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah! I remember seeing ads for them!
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah it might be hard to hear over the ears 🥁 
Also she’d wear them during tests <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): They were before their time <:rip:369476083248267274>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I remember being at Otakon when they came out!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I tried them on and my mom was like HUH
Nokri (Marisa): They should totally remake them with more modern tools, they could be smaller /less bulky and quieter
Nokri (Marisa): YOOOO my bobbin ran out at a perfect time for once. Bless.
Nokri (Marisa): First one needle fell off
Then the other one fell off three times
Then one needle fell off and the other straight up bROKE HELP
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> you want to do rwby when at otakon? Sat or fri?
Bill: Monica asked.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Uhhh Otakon is probably RWBY/something else Friday, something Saturday, a lazy thing Sunday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Speakin of, I need to buy my Spidergwen suit that’s probably Sunday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But those “something” are Todoroki and thor
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Whichever one I’m more proud of I probably want Saturday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have a slight feeling I’ll be more proud of thor
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I don’t know for sure
Bill: I was partial to Saturday cause everyone’ll have badges, I’m fine with Friday if we push it a couple hours.
Bill: Sound good? 3 or 4?
Bill: Don’t want a badge nightmare like last year.
Bill: ~~not that we put through the official groups thing but~~
Bill: At the least we have a day.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 3 or 4 what
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): For RWBY shoot?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Are we running one?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh I actually don’t know what I’m wearing Saturday of AnimeNEXT ahaaa
Bill: People want us to.
Bill: Guess we’ll talk later.
Bill: Erik suggested seeing Detective Pikachu. 💛
Nokri (Marisa): Raphtalia progress is so slow and bad it’s making me very frustrated <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): AH I JUST REALIZED IF I PAINT SWORD I CAN USE NEW SWORD TOMORROW
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Time 2 work
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Work mawisa you can do it! I motivate you and you motivate me!
Nokri (Marisa): WOO I have to make my sword too but I don’t have the proper tools to cut it ;u;
I’m gonna make a chest plate pattern instead! GO GEORGIA GO!
