Nokri (Marisa): I FORGOT SAMURAI DAN IS GONNA BE AT COLOSSAL EAST
it's been years i wonder if he remember me
i wonder if jillian is gonna go with him
Nokri (Marisa): SHE IS
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Etsy advertising me the real shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Eeveelution squad when
Nokri (Marisa): finninyan is cosplaying edelgard for katsu!
eeveelution squad when
Nokri (Marisa): are we gonna be fancy eeveelutions like "armored medieval dnd mage eeveelutions" or "magical girl coffee shop high school AU eeveelutions" or
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Why not both!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Nokri (Marisa): we don't want to infringe on another group's ideas but maybe we can alter it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Who would wanna be who
Nokri (Marisa): i'm fine with any evolution, i already have an eevee costume
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like I would lean towards D&D class eevees if anything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _give me barbarian sylveon_
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): those are based on these but barbarian sylveon can be a reality
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *flame mage Flareon* <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Nokri (Marisa): i have fire and water poi if the flareon and vaporeon wanna borrow them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): poi?
Nokri (Marisa): yee lemme find a picture
Nokri (Marisa): These
Nokri (Marisa): they're used in bellydancing routines and whatnot, cassie used to host poi meetups at conventions but they used light up poi and i don't have them ;u;
sylveon could get a rainbow one though!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ooooh
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Leafeon my baby
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I have 3 really strong ones in pogo all named Seshi
Nokri (Marisa): my favorite thing about editing pictures is having no idea what i'm doing and the pics turn out so different anyway
Nokri (Marisa): bang
Nokri (Marisa): to
Nokri (Marisa): bang
Aldus Larian (Jess): yaaaas that looks so good
Nokri (Marisa): she was such a fantastic cosplayer
Bill: I wonder if I’m ever going to see a Hazel shoot besides Rebecca’s.
Nokri (Marisa): What about Flora’s? And I have pictures from that same day but the lighting where we shot was wonky, later when Flora was doing it was way better
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Floras mini shoot and Rebecca’s then.
Nokri (Marisa): there's two shoots! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> did you do one with zeikani? two or three shoots is the max a person needs for a costume, what else could you do
Bill: I can get. However many shoots I want. Of the same costume. Assuming I get photos back. Because I want them.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah you can, i'm not saying you can't.
but they aren't 100% necessary. i can't think of a costume i've done that's had more than 2 shoots
Bill: I’m not talking about a need. I’m talking about a want. I did shoots, I want to see the results of them. Necessary is irrelevant, cosplay is an entirely irrelevant thing.
Nokri (Marisa): oh ok.
were you being passive aggressive to me then? that ro person sounds like they're having a hard time, they didn't explicitly say they weren't going to give your pictures back, did they? just that they needed a break
Nokri (Marisa): i want to see some of my paid shoots from katsu but i've cut them as losses because obviously i'm not getting them back
Bill: I had assumed you were doing other shoots in your backlog, which is nothing to be passive aggressive over. Zeikani is consistently overwhelmed all the time. The entire point for me getting shoots with other people is to see their style and take on the costume, so “only 2 or 3” isn’t why I got them in the first place.
Nokri (Marisa): the shots from that weekend didn't come out very well for me, i can tweak them all i want but they're still not something i could ever be proud of
did you hire that person?
Nokri (Marisa): like pay with cold hard cash or favors of an unspoken nature
Nokri (Marisa): i wish i had those katsu photos ;u;
Nokri (Marisa): that's the only shoot i did of emma and i'm not going to wear her for the next 9 months or so
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@301927856240459777>  if you paid then I think you could ask
Nokri (Marisa): it was a free shoot, but i tipped her because i felt guilty, but my friend who also did a shoot with her and didn't tip got their pictures back, but i don't want to stir up drama
Nokri (Marisa): it took all of 5 minutes so maybe she just didn't get a good picture
Nokri (Marisa): last time i messaged a guy about not getting pictures back after a $50 photoshoot he insisted he did send me the pictures, and kept saying "i'll send them again tonight" and never did after months of asking
Nokri (Marisa): he sounded super annoyed at me every time so ;u;
