Bill: ooooh we can do video with my go pro at Kotori.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't know what to cosplay to kotori 😭
Bill: not Hiyori.
Bill: Are you for sure going? Cause there was that whole 'can't buy badges at the door thing'
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Uhhhh pretty sure yea why not hoyori? I'd do seven but his wig looks like trash and I hate it
Bill: I feel like you always do Hiyori at day cons.
Bill: if you are, get the badges.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea cuz she's pretty easy but actually we just talked about we're not gonna go to save the money and stress
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oh wow Tyler unfollowed me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Not Brandon tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Tyler never seemed to like me though, and if Meg doesn’t like me (as I suspect), she and Tyler are close so that’s not too surprising
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOA
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i only ever unfollowed sakura san but i refollowedd her cuz nye and im in her bhna shoot friday
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Tyler kind of a jerk tho so I ain’t surprised
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Whenever I talked to him at cons he usually makes fun of some girl and I’m like .........ok
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): youch
Bill: Coulda swore we decided he was the nice one though.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): idk ive never really talked to either
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): brandon seems shy, that doesnt mean hes not nice
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah Tyler would say a girls ugly or she’s a whore or whatever
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He only likes who he likes
Bill: Ah. Oof.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Guess I’m ugly or a whore now if anyone asks Tyler about me /shrug
Bill: Don’t think like that.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I mean I don’t care what they think so
Bill: Anyway we’ll never hang with them so who cares. We don’t have strong enough livers.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): big yikes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hard pass as the kids say
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It’s a shame tho cause Danielle is really nice
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And Tyler and Brandon have really successful jobs
Bill: ~~she was pretty good in bumblebee~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Honestly I’d only really wanna be friends with Danielle lmao
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t party, Meg probably hates me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So that crew ain’t for me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): tom and i are betting one of them allready has liver cirrhosis <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Probably
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And I don’t particularly judge them for the party lifestyle cause they’re still successful people
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~meg and Hal seem like wannabes though~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea but it still dangerous
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): all the financial success in the world wont matter if you die at 40 cuz your liver fails
Bill: Meg lost a lot of weight right? She’s probably living the life she wanted when she was young.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah she used to be chunkier apparently
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): She shared a photo a while ago, she prob dropped like 50 pounds
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So you’re likely right
Bill: I don’t fault her for wanting her run at being popular and attractive.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what a mood
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i can def understand that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im doing that too <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): You’re not a jerk or a loser tho Jess, you’re just popular and attractive <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I... I am?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye statistically speaking 100% of aurii members think so
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So it is law
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yo my dad had partial scerosis by like 25 because of drinking like that, he corrected it but there gonna be dead in 10 years if they don't chill
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Damn
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And that’s without the adverse effects of smoking weed too
Bill: I can literally make friends by saying “you can be friends with Jess too”, your popular.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you can?!
Bill: ~~I joke about this all the time, I assume people put up with my personality once they realize they can hang out with you~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Im not that cool tho. I threw up on thursday off cee thats not coo
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Scott said he was really excited to meet you cause he follows you, remmeberrrrr
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): You have a _fan_
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): untill he sees me puke at katsu <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: You and Tom are like, everyone’s favorite couple. Memes, in sync, cosplay, fandom love... your the perfect nerd couple.
Bill: Not to mention you’re both attractive.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is today boast jess's confidence day?
Bill: Tell you basic facts I’ve been saying for years say maybe. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: https://www.instagram.com/p/BseD9yKDNH3/ Shigatsudreams did the thing you did.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye there’s fanart of it so I’m not super shocked
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG THEYU STOLE YOUR IDEAJNDIADNB
Bill: that's the Ethan tier response I was fishing for.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ONLY ONE PERSON CAN PUT HANDS ON A DEAD PERSON
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~it was sarcastin tho~~
Bill: ~~I don't actually want you to be Ethan~~
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> go tell Anna if her partner bails and she needs Katsu room we're here.
Bill: I haven't actually met her so it'd be weird for me to say it.
Bill: I did the thing.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oh you did
Bill: ~~Leanna doesn’t get anyone else~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): SWEET I like Anna she’s kewl
Bill: That was next question, I haven’t met her but I like her via discord so as long as she isn’t going to burn the room down I’m fine with actually sending her deets.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): She helped clean up after the party so she’s good in my book
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): What does cost come to with her plus her boy?
Bill: Dunno off top of head.
Bill: ~~You really a stickler for anyone who helps you clean~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Because it shows thoughtfulness and that’s a good trait
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Duhhhh
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So current tally is: Me, Bill, Tom, Jess, Marisa, Dave, Tristan and then possible Scott, Anna, and her boy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Did Anna like CONFIRM confirm or are we like her back up plan
Bill: I think she’s looking to confirm.
Bill: Scott’s not a given yet?
Bill: I’ve been counting him as in.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He has to check rates for flights, so he’s not confirmed for a particular number of days
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Which is why I haven’t fully counted him yet lol
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But he’s pretty much a given to be in our room
Bill: Cause if he's not around, that's one person Leanna has to convince her friend to accept with Leanna knowing, our then 7 plus Leanna's 3 (assuming they didn't find more people) and Anna and her boyfriend... full room.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Idk I’m already judgin Leanna’s 3 👀
Bill: I get them wanting to know someone, or at least have Leanna know them. Im the same way, I never would added Scott if it weren’t such a crap situation.
Bill: Rather than judge them, we need to meet them and hang a bit so they’ll be comfortable with us next year and we can assimilate next year, Katsu or Mag.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
