N🆗ri (Marisa): he's dying his real hair? at the con? that sounds like a questionable idea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like I'm cool with him like walking around with is or whatever but he's not gonna fit into the shoot 😬
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah
N🆗ri (Marisa): saeran/mc/ray/jumin everyone's fave ot4
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea totally 😂
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOF I do t know how to feel about this
N🆗ri (Marisa): biru if you can get him to do jumin at a time when i can do jaehee we could do that
N🆗ri (Marisa): https://www.katsucon.org/photo-ops/large-group-meetup-coordination/meetup-coordination-schedule/
N🆗ri (Marisa): dang a magus bride meetup. hhhhhhh
and homestuck at the same time as animal crossing
N🆗ri (Marisa): i like how animal crossing meetup is longer than rwby's
N🆗ri (Marisa): TWO homestuck meetups ON THE SAME DAY bless
Bill: Sorry, guess I should have said something.
N🆗ri (Marisa): is ok!
N🆗ri (Marisa): katsu totally knows what they're doin. 2 official homestuck meetups on sunday i am living
N🆗ri (Marisa): saturday i'm just gonna be plopped in front of the gazebo i guess
Bill: Play along in BNE <@!301927856240459777>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ugh idk what to say
Bill: I got it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't wanna push him away 😭 I'd love to do like 707 with him or regular MC
Bill: Just answer my question to Marisa.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i can cosplay jaehee before cosplaying ray. should i do that?
N🆗ri (Marisa): i don't wanna mention something and throw off your clever scheme
Bill: We’ve established he won’t technically be part of the group. You guys are in the clear.
Bill: I’ve continued my suggestion of Jumin and moved it towards solos instead.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There is a meme of jumin being saerans fav tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So memes?
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah lol isn't that basically canon
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
N🆗ri (Marisa): what time is the shoot on sunday?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Of you tell ray you like jumin best he's pretty much like "completely understandable"
Bill: ~~I personally don’t think it matters and he wouldn’t be in all your shots but~~ 

This way it perfectly clear you guys don’t technically match tho.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Juran is the real ship
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye
Bill: Sorry I went add him without saying anything.
N🆗ri (Marisa): naw u were bein a chill bro
Bill: Marisa there’s no time set. I have nothing actually scheduled Sunday except a shoot for persona with Georgia and Justin.
Bill: We’ll be there all day.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I could technically pack other MC and switch my outfit whole Marisa and Tom do undermemes
Bill: He’s not staying all day Sunday. Just so your thing.
N🆗ri (Marisa): jaehee is literally my work uniform from last year, i can put it on in less than a minute.
all my costumes sunday would need drastic makeup changes 🤔 
i could do jaehee > ray > ralsei or ray > jaehee > ralsei (idk how long erik will be there for so im putting ralsei last to be safe)
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Don't worry about yet marisa
Bill: are you that uncomfortable doing unmatching canon photos? He’s not going to care.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): As long as they are in addition to canon photos no 😂
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Cuz I got ideas
Bill: ~~when do I only take photos of the whole group only~~
Bill: ~~never~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Shit I need to find that STUPID BOTtLE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I have a perfect elixer bottle. I've had it for YEARS but I post it
N🆗ri (Marisa): o that's good because i have material to make the elixir so no bottle
pls jess i will rely on you for our salvation
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It came in a stained glass kit but it was pretty so I kept it the way it was and never painted it
N🆗ri (Marisa): i am thankful for vacuum seal bags yes i am
N🆗ri (Marisa): i could fit 5 costumes in my school thanks to those backbag <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
N🆗ri (Marisa): that original sentence was all kinds of backwards and grammatically incorrect
N🆗ri (Marisa): I might look for a photographer for Emma if no one’s free Saturday afternoon-pre-evening. I gotta see when the masquerade is though
Bill: I think I’m too busy.
Bill: Ask Rebecca.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ooo that’s a good idea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Where the fuck is this stupid bottle <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
N🆗ri (Marisa): You gotta look for something else to find it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Probably 😂
Bill: Well you’re out Erik now.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Rip
Bill: Well that was a buzzkill. Now I’m bothered by it.
N🆗ri (Marisa): did he fully back out of it? is that why
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He backed out?
Bill: No I don’t know anything more than said in channel. But he was excited to do it and then we had to point out all these non canon things.
N🆗ri (Marisa): naw it was fine
N🆗ri (Marisa): he seemed happy i was doing jaehee? if u just wanna do solos though that works
N🆗ri (Marisa): and jess said she'd do other mc
Bill: I’ll do *literally everything*.
Bill: It was never an issue to get the canon ray and MC shots.
N🆗ri (Marisa): jumin sobbing in the background that mc didn't choose him
Bill: I’ve never cared about duplicates or coordinations that aren’t quite right before and I don’t like it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮? I'm not sure what younmean
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Are you upset cuz I had smol issue? I am sorry.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I get stuck in a certain idea or vision and then I was worried that he would get left out
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah jumin has very little interactions with anything mint eye/magenta-related so it would be hard to fit him into the existing shoot idea we had. but we never said it was impossible? and we can plan around it with other costumes? no one did anything wrong or bad :0
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I didn't mean to say he couldn't be in it but more like he might not have a place? I don't mean that in a mean way
Bill: That makes a difference. I just felt wrong saying no just because. I don’t like not involving friends where we can I guess.
