Kaio Vermino (Lee): Link no work:c
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I realised that 😂 that why I delete but then I lost the post. I am failing
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok let's try again
https://www.narcity.com/things-to-do/us/ga/this-georgia-escape-room-traps-you-in-a-serial-killers-cabin-and-its-intense
Kaio Vermino (Lee): WOW LETS GO DIE
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoo! Who wants to go die?
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): georgia's very own escape room wow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): All mine
Nokri (Marisa): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OOF
Bill: There's cosplay ice skating at that morristown comic con.
Bill: Wat.
Bill: I mean, it's in an ice rink which is why but.
Bill: It's only open till 5 but I'll be half way there are getting a haircut... Maybe I'll just pop in for the hell of it.
Nokri (Marisa): [scrolls through thousands of cosplay photos] i have nothing to post on instagram
Nokri (Marisa): OH biru can i post that raphtalia preview you posted a while back
Bill: which?
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: YE
Nokri (Marisa): bless
Andrew: Lookin good
Andrew: Ive been thinking of using my twitter i made like 5 years ago again
Nokri (Marisa): tweet! tweet!
Nokri (Marisa): tweet!
Nokri (Marisa): i want to post to facebook but i've gained almost 100 likes in the last week and i don't know why and i want to see how long i can keep gaining random people
Nokri (Marisa): i've gained 10 likes in the last 24 hours. no one likes any posts, they just like the page.
Nokri (Marisa): and they're real people not bots <:woah:543194447345876998>
Andrew: I mean, take it? Maybe they saw youa nd will look through later.
Andrew: My page will be pretty much for my cosplay. Just gotta actually start using it.
Nokri (Marisa): it's very this
Nokri (Marisa): oo i haven't used archive in a looong time. i could post to that and worldcos
Andrew: What arre those?
Nokri (Marisa): cosplay-centric social media sites
Nokri (Marisa): worldcos and cure used to be separate but then worldcos took over cure so they're the same site now
