Nokri (Marisa): This is It. The only cosplay photo I need.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YES
Nokri (Marisa): oh!! oh snap flora took a picture of my kagura :0
Tikur (Kurtis): AMAZING
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yes!
Bill: Oh.
Bill: Dan's photographer for his photo retreat pulled out due to a friend attempting to commit suicide (friend of the photographer).
Aldus Larian (Jess): on noes
Bill: the retreat is in two days.
Aldus Larian (Jess): D:
Bill: You might guess why he brought this up to me.
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz he wants to know if u can do it!
Bill: yup. But I has. A job. And this thing is Wednesday to Saturday.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeet
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yo that blows fan
Bill: I mean. It's definitely one of those 'yolo' life opportunities, and I could *theoretically* do it. But the 7th is my birthday, Mom booked a massage for me then as a present, I'd either have to work from the place (theoretically possible) or take off, and I know jack shit about crit role...
Bill: I know I need to get out more and take opportunities but like, this would be *a bit* irresponsible.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaa
Bill: I've done irresponsible before. But those times was for one of you.
Bill: Is... different. I think I can't beat myself up (lol) for skipping the opportunity given *career* and all that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): its 3 days so
Bill: Cosplay retreat is a cool idea tho.
Bill: I'd want to plan one if I wasn't such a mess these days.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> would you be interested in doing if I told Dan your info? It's supposed to be a fully paid 3 night retreat in a NY "log mansion". I know Dan and Lanie are going, and Lanie iirc is in the south jersey area to potentially carpool...
Bill: but that's a three night trip with pretty much strangers which is like 😬
Nokri (Marisa): <:woah:543194447345876998>
i would be interested and am thankful u thought of me, but i don't think they'd be comfortable with me around probably and i don't wanna cause 'em trouble
Nokri (Marisa): also i have regular unskippable doctor's appointments on wednesday evenings
Bill: You have no idea who they are or what they'd be comfortable with... and that's a confusing answer. Would you want me to recommend you if he asks for a recommendation? You and Zeikani are the only photographers I'd give a recommendation for. He knows Zeikani so I'm guessing he already asked.
Bill: Ah, then I think you'd have to get there yourself.
Nokri (Marisa): ye exactly, i have no idea who they are and what they'd be comfortable with <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Well, rule number 1 always applies, and if you were uncomfortable I wouldn't even give them your name.
Bill: Which I'm leaning I won't? That's the vibe I'm getting from you?
Nokri (Marisa): it's this week? i also have a meeting with the mayor after the doctors
Nokri (Marisa): you can give them my name for conventions <:pew:543202259085950996> but i don't think they'd enjoy me being around for a whole weekend
Bill: Yeah it's this week.
Bill: I'm sure they would. But I'm not forcing the issue.
Nokri (Marisa): lanie is the girl who came to our room at otakon ya? i've only ever met her that one time, and i barely know dan at all. i'm not saying they're bad people at all but it's also a scary thought to go on a retreat with people you don't know
Nokri (Marisa): what if they're axe murderers
Bill: ENTIRELY justified.
Bill: That's why I was asking.
Bill: Unless you were *really* chill with strangers from all your con rooms before us, I would never expect you to be comfy with it tbh.
Bill: I wanted to ask, cause paid vacation for you, but trust me I expected you to find it too much.
Nokri (Marisa): i don't mind strangers if it's a public setting, or a con room that i'm in control of
Nokri (Marisa): i don't think it's a me thing, just a girl thing
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i wouldnt want you going alone either
Aldus Larian (Jess): is it just dan and laine? or other people too?
Nokri (Marisa): aurii roadtrip
Bill: other people. They have a full crit role group afaik.
Bill: It's crit role themed.
Nokri (Marisa): ooo yeah that's scary
Nokri (Marisa): what if they're a cult
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i wouldnt do it wither tbh
Bill: Like I said, totally justified. Just thinking of you.
Bill: (for the record I would recommend you for photos too Jess but I know you have work and don't really do cosplay photos outside of friends)
Nokri (Marisa): every girl i shot at otakon had a friend with her, no one came to the shoot alone even though we were in a public area with a high security presence. i figured they would come with friends, girls just don't go around meeting people alone
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo i not good enough for dat
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i have work too ;u;~~
Bill: *I was just thinking of you*
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Bill: <@!334090409389195266> <@!301927856240459777> <@!325788935865368578>
Bill: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/21629342?s=51 <- 375 for a cabin that sleeps 12?
Nokri (Marisa): how haunted is it
Bill: Has 5 star reviews. Let’s go do THAT for a weekend in the fall.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~Xiao Long/Rose shoot?~~
Bill: Valid.
Aldus Larian (Jess): No pool or hot tub 0/10
Bill: Dan said there are *two* private lakes.
Aldus Larian (Jess): No pool or hot tub 0/10
Nokri (Marisa): which pool turns you into a girl and which one turns you into a cat
Bill: You no come then.
