Nokri (Marisa): today's acosta event must be special because look at the photographer registration line. wow.
Bill: I am making a weekend of visiting Marisa to also see Jen and Jeremy, more of Andrew Marisa (allllissssssonnnnn???). Either going down Friday night or Saturday, saying over. My thought is to spend Saturday doing Waterworks ( <@!245270932602486784> ) and Shofuso house photo shoots. Who’d want to do that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I gotta see what work looks like otherwise I’m prob ok
Nokri (Marisa): Hewwo yes pwease photoshoots if they aren’t too expensive
Nokri (Marisa): I was just gonna ask if anyone was going to nezumicon also? That looks neat
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea its right by my house
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and i recommended it for annas birthday thing
Nokri (Marisa): Is only an hour away from me and it’s $5 and starts at noon. Looks really good
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): dogs are allowed
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 😄
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so we can bring our furry friends
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): If I don’t have anything to do I’ll probably go 🚶
Bill: My intention would be to invite everyone to meet up with Jen and Jeremy as well Saturday night, or if the three of us were planning friday, friday. IE, you'd be able to stay over where ever I do so you're local to photoshoots/RFA Presents Marisa is Best Girl.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): who is jen and jeremy
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): o3o
Bill: Friends of mine from college.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ooooooo
Bill: i realize you and Marisa don't know them, everyone one else has met them at one point or another.
Bill: Marisa lives a few towns over from Rowan, Jen lives in the same town.
Bill: So going in that direction is a good reason to see them.
Nokri (Marisa): wow doxx much
Bill: if it's for ordering pizza purposes I'd doxx you to anyone here.
Bill: So photoshoot interest, and interest in rooming in South Jersey.
Aldus Larian (Jess): For what day
Nokri (Marisa): It depends how expensive and how long the photoshoot is because we have to make all the party food too
Bill: Saturday would be the photoshoots. If there's alot going on Saturday with that, I'd see about meeting Jen and Jeremy Friday to lighten load, or if people want to join us (probably at a happy hour somewhere) I'd plan for Saturday.
Bill: I'm trying to figure out the best time to tell Jen and Jeremy rn.
Nokri (Marisa): right now go
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisa party weekend?
Bill: yeah.
Nokri (Marisa): I cancelled the post party movie because you guys have a long drive
Bill: There is no cost for either location (actually iirc Shofuso is what, 8 bucks to walk it? They don't charge for photoshoots when I checked but I'd call before hand to check) so just travel expenses.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Haha my schedule makes me wanna die
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Next 6 Saturdays are booked
Nokri (Marisa): You can cancel my party to have more free time
Nokri (Marisa): My parties were legendary in high school but that’s because we had water balloons
Aldus Larian (Jess): Water baloooooons
Nokri (Marisa): Ye it was like the movies where people would talk about it for weeks except all the people talking about it were nerds
Nokri (Marisa): And like one girl on the softball team
Andrew: <@!301927856240459777> someones going as Filo for Next
Bill: Sounds like Georgia and Marisa are the only ones for the saturday before Marisacon shooting at japanese garden/waterworks? Need to know if interest is just for shooting, or also the crash locally too, both Georgia and anyone else interested.
Bill: I need an idea so I can plan with Jen and Jeremy.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I'm interested but I dont have a definite answer yet
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Gotta make sure I'm not double booking myself
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): honestly the only things i remember signing up for among the flurry of finals commotion is marisas party and jess' party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): everything is up in the air at least til thursday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but its starting to feel like summer is getting overwhelming with the events planed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and that only counts like... june right now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so i know at least for myself i have no answers on a lot of things til later cause obvious reasons; but im worried im overbooking myself cause i feel like we have something new scheduled every weekend
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): love yall but a ho needs her me time
Bill: if it's any comfort, the other plan talked about what making use of Erik's show to be half way to that train yard. It's not a drive I want to make unless we have a good group to make it worth it, and I don't think anyone really wanted to that weekend. The plan is scrapped, and odds are you can't even come to Erik's show cause it's 9:30 in a bar so you're in the clear there.
Bill: other plan from me anyway.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my brain right now is something something laser tag, something something show, something something photoshoot
Bill: then forget about everything till Thursday.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): will dump the mental recycling bin til thursday 👌
Bill: especially since you aren't doing laser tag, you have work...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah but cause you keep needing to ask for headcounts i keep thinking "did i respond to that"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and then im like oh yeah work but i keep forgetting
Bill: I'll remember for you.
Bill: That said, it was on your calendar <@!351471675843411978> but you didn't mark going, you and Tom are in for laser tag?
Nokri (Marisa): I’m only partially in because I really really want to, but also I don’t really have a lot of traditional outfits for the shofuso house and we have a lot of preparations to make the day before the party so it depends how long it is
Nokri (Marisa): Full catering mode activated
Bill: that's fine. I'm going down saturday no matter what.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I honestly don't know
Bill: Please discuss before tomorrow... they’re calling me for a head count.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Where is it again?
Bill: Fireball mountain.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok so 2 hrs away
Bill: Yeah.
Bill: For 2pm, so it’s not an early morning.
Aldus Larian (Jess): And how long will we be there?
Bill: Till 4.
Bill: Is there some... better way I can plan things or something? If we plan far in advance it seems like everyone  forgets about the entire thing, and if I plan short notice it stresses people out. It’s frustrating.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's not your fault it just most of us are prettysbusy people and our presense is requested at many things, on top of family stuff, managing a house a house or apartment, other friends, work, school, relationships, and watlntong a little time to ourselves, it gets to be alot
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I'd say one thing I would request is that if you plan something far in advance to maybe do a reminder at some point in the middle
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Cause i know I forgot about fireball until you asked for headcounts and was like " oh fuck I hope I didnt plan anything over that"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Luckily I didnt so I'll be going
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But idk about others
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But yea it's not your fault, plans when you have a whole group of friends as well as a life outside them tend to get all jumbled up and shit happens.
Bill: Mmkay.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres a sweet spot between planning too early and too lste too
Bill: I know I get lonely easily so I’m always trying to make plans... and I have less to balance, no girlfriend and I live with my family still. I know that puts me in a better position to make plans, but sometimes it’s frustrating when everyone else forgets about it. I also only try to have deeper friendships rather than high level ones... Which is probably an attempt to fill a void...
Bill: ...I’m go shower and clear my head.
Bill: Thank.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I homestly did not realise how much was coming up until l the other day
Bill: Yeah. It’s fine, I’m not guilt tripping you or anything.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like with the laser tag thing I want to go, but I have a bridal shower the next day so now my whole weekend will be burned. I'm not really that good at laser tag so sometimes I get butthurt and end up not having a good time?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): same deal here, wouldve loved to go to laser tag but gotta work most saturdays
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and as for the rest of summer, i cant burn too many weekends cause i have rocket club
Aldus Larian (Jess): What did younwant to do the day before marisa party now?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I ha e a dentist appointment at 10 but i ciukd do something if it later i guess? Dont really want to spemd money on a hitel or anything tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): The day after eriks bands thing i have dnd but untill the afternoon
Bill: It fine with laser tag. We should have enough for the 10 people minimum they asked for with the plus ones. If you’ll burn out cause it skip it.
Bill: People wanted to shoot at the Japanese house in from Sakura Sunday, and Georgia spotted a place on the drive that looked good for Pyrrha. My thought was to go down Saturday, shoot those places, and stay over (I’d pick up the room) into Sunday and go to Marisa’s party from there. Saturday night I’m making plans to see Jen and Jeremy, and I’m going early regardless of shooting to see them.
Bill: If you don’t know right now it’s fine.
Bill: And you have prior plans.
Bill: I’m making a weekend of being in south jersey to see college friends other than Marisa and Andrew, and was thinking I’d invite you guys to come.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i mean that sounds cool
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think im weary with the private shoot thing after chestnut hill
Bill: Not a large group. Aurii only, and even at that I don’t think more than 3 or 4 people can use shofuso at the same time.
Aldus Larian (Jess): meaning you could only bring 2-3 others period or we'd need to stay outside?
Bill: I have to call the place and confirm what they meant meant online, but my impression is they don’t want a group of 20 love live people trying to line up for shots, or 6 photographers shooting the same person.
Bill: The shooting takes place during regular tour hours.
Bill: Or visiting hours I should say.
Bill: So people doing photos can’t be an annoyance to other guests.
Bill: That’s the core of it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i just dont know exactly what that means for people going. dunno what id wear either. i prob already ahve enough yukata 2b stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just want to see the place lol
Bill: The authentic Japanese house setting would be worth it for more photos. It’s really nice.
Bill: Could also come to see it though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): and youd prob wanna leave earlier than 11:00 am
Bill: Saturday? Probably. I considered going down Friday night to ease the driving Saturday. Leaning against that now.
Bill: But I don’t know cause I don’t know who wants to do what, what their variables are for if they can... etc.
Bill: Which is why I started asking.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the thing i would be most interested in is staying somewhere the night after eriks thing
Bill: I figured that...
Bill: Different weekend.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i know
Aldus Larian (Jess): but its all in the next 3 weeks lol
Bill: Yeah. Which is why I’m talking about them.
Bill: I’m going to do stay somewhere going out to Erik’s, not driving back. I have nothing else for that weekend, the plan I mentioned before is scrapped.
Aldus Larian (Jess): which plan?
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres been like 6 different plans discussed
Bill: Train graveyard and Hershey.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo ok
Bill: If you don’t recall that’s fine.
Aldus Larian (Jess): no i do
Bill: All I need to figure out is pre Marisa now. Erik’s thing is a given if I’m going out there, and laser tag sounds like a no from you two and that’s everyone I needed answers from.
Bill: You can think about pre Marisa, I’m putting  the details for that off until later.
Aldus Larian (Jess): given for what? hotel or?
Aldus Larian (Jess): or just going?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ill ask tom again later, hes heading out for mothers day stuff is is sleep rn so ill ask when hes more alive
Bill: Yes hotel.
Andrew: A lot of text to follow, but when are youd own here/what is plannned?
Bill: Saturday before Marisa’s party, nothing as of yet.
Andrew: Ill plan for time off then.
Andrew: Try to be open.
Aldus Larian (Jess): am feel stressed
Bill: Just decide what you want for yourselves.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanna go to the beach
Andrew: Beach party
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> I'mma get this for you, and it's for cosplay so you can't complain.
Bill: We can match cause I have one, because I am trash panda.
Nokri (Marisa): Wow two shirts for yourself!!
