Kaio Vermino (Leanna): It's ok she also asked me what pyrrha wig I used and I had to tell her I never actually did pyrrha I just borrowed Georgia's once
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And she was shook
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): She seems to be super scatter brained too xD
Bill: That’s okay with me.
Bill: She has good intentions so I never mind.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea exactly
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): She just provably didnt even think to ask you until today
Bill: Yup. I found it funny.
Bill: Leanna my Twitter has been telling me about notifications all day cause of your post damn.
Bill: Is this normal twitter post or like unusually popular.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Sorry fam
Bill: Not a problem, I’m curious about the reach tho.
Bill: Answer.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): The more people who retweet it the more likes it gets
Bill: Hmm.
Bill: God, to be able to do all my posting from my computer.
Bill: ~~my followers on Instagram don’t give a shit about me anyway, they follow for Georgia~~
Bill: Non mutuals of course.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Also it has to be retweeted without comment
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Otherwise that starts a new chain of likes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.instagram.com/p/BxWSq2JjvQg/?igshid=tmpl6opaq3wf
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Leanna's kryptonite
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh my God
Nokri (Marisa): those did not look like uraraka boots at first glance
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): They look like dildos
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): HELP I LEGIT RHOUGHT YOU SENT UP SEX TOYS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Dildos for your vagina belt
Nokri (Marisa): entered the channel like "hey this isn't nsfw"
Bill: ^
Bill: Yeah definitely sex toys.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): SEE
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): AHHHH WHAT A TRASH DESIGN
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Someone save her
Nokri (Marisa): literally any other angle would've been better
that had to be on purpose
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.instagram.com/p/Bu7tsY_jM1z/?igshid=11si207dajacx
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): shinyyy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *fresh off the printer*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): That's a dildo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Stupid ass boots
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I want to see them actually being worn because they are solid plastic and that *can't* be comfortable
Nokri (Marisa): looks like peridot's leg enhancer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah i wouldnt have been a fan of cosplaying urarakas hero suit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i actually like the character and her hero suit is the construction difficulty im probably seeking, but it look dumb
Nokri (Marisa): must be hard to walk in because you wouldn't be able to move your foot? which is crucial for walking? so you'd have to wobble even if you could bend your kenes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): all the bending has to come from the knee i assume
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i live for how much her hero suit infuriates leanna
Elfriede Faun (Tom): it is mad dumb
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _vagine line_
Nokri (Marisa): ye but they'll be walking funny. when you walk your foot doesn't stay at the same angle, it goes up and down (heel touches the ground before your toes). how you gonna move that in unmovable plastic.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): VAH Heen
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Sakurasan could like barley move in those
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i felt bad for her
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ITA SO DUMB
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Like shes not my favorite character obviously. But her suit is the dumbest thing
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Vagina line and dildo boots
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): FUUUUUCKING URARAKAAAAAA
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Someone please help the fashion disaster
Nokri (Marisa): >quirk depends on touching things
>big ol' bracelets that prevent you from reaching into small spots
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): GIANT BOOTS THAT MAKE YOU CLUMSY
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): AND CANT WALK NORMAL
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): hhhhhh
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yessss <:rise:557579163511554050>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wow those are some great sex toys
Andrew: 
Bill: Timberlands come today for Jones/me.
Bill: Hoooopefully they fit, cause they don't carry my size in the stores I checekd.
Bill: Also have another BNHA uni coming in, with hopefully more shoulder mobility.
Bill: wow.
Bill: What a trip.
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> Someone shared Corin in a facebook group of cosplayers from RWBY.
Bill: https://www.facebook.com/groups/388664067924194/permalink/1118934544897139/
Aldus Larian (Jess): eyyy guess who missed ota mailing deadline
Bill: oof
Bill: Forgot?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeet
Bill: They might extend the deadline?
Bill: I think they have thursday pick up too.
Bill: All these Twitter notifications for your post Leanna is kinda neat. Like you tagged me on insta too, but I don’t see all the likes and mentions you get. Twitter making me feel... not more credited, but like... acknowledged? By your following, I know you do.
Bill: Cause they notify for every person tagged in the original tweet, not the poster.
Bill: Too bad I can’t modify my cross post solution to be twitter based cause *someone (cough Instagram)* doesn’t have a web posting interface.
Andrew: Loool
Bill: Mmkay... got the 1x benga uniform from ez. 

1. Ez is a different make from amazon, unlike what we guessed
2. Pants still a wee bit big even, but very normal for a slacks look
3. I am so not a 1x top <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I can get the jacket on but my mobility is even worse than the Amazon one. XD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof
Bill: Good experiment, future things should definitely be custom ordered for the damn pants size of these cosplays.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Didn't want to go custom?
Bill: I actually just wanted to see if I could wear the 1x, cause Hazel and Barry were a little on the big side at 2x.
Bill: And the uniform was on sale <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: But alas. No such luck.
Bill: <@!350855105123319808> When you come here this weekend you should try on the smaller one. You’d have to find the god awful green pants yourself but.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Goodwill <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Find those green old man slacks
Bill: Am I low budget Mirio, wet Bakugo, or low budget Kaminari? You decide.
Bill: Wow shit tho this failed Mirio wog is actually pretty close to Kaminari.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not Bakugo because you're actually wearing a tie like a model student
Bill: Rip.
Bill: Bakugo rage.
Bill: Dumb Kaminari
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Kaminari def xD just add the black lightning bolt
Bill: I might.
Bill: Actually.
Bill: But also FUCK
Bill: There’s another character I can do with a generic blond wig.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Basically.
Bill: I guess I’m glad I didn’t yeet this wig.
Bill: 
Bill: Not that I’ll ever try enough to make Jaune’s armor. But.
Bill: ~~this wig looks better than Hal’s ever did~~
Bill: *I try to let by gones be bygones but his wig ALWAYS showed his hair god damn*
Bill: “He’s been like this since Pyrrha died”

“The sweatshirt smells”

“Nora has a hose ready. Help him”
Bill: See that? No hair.
Bill: Snrk. I might not be able to resist meming crying for Instagram if I had that print of Pyrrha still.
Bill: ~~hella meta tho~~
Bill: I think I came up with a far better one.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which of hals wigs?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): cause i got his second one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THAT was a better one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the first one was bad tho ye
Bill: Somewhat better? I could always see his hair in photos.
Bill: I guess if I need a casual rwby I could do Jaune. I’ll leave the shoot stuff to Erik, but Jaunes less effort than Hazel and didn’t look too bad.
Bill: And Kaminari? Till Mirio wog is ready?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ye!
Bill: If I can figure out how to make the lightning bolt.
Bill: ~~I’d have fun acting like Bakugo but can’t actually pretend that blond wig is Bakugo~~
Bill: ...~~oh no I’m kinda liking that~~
Bill: ~~but maybe. Maybe hero suit~~
Bill: .... mmmmmmMMMMM I like they yelly angry part but PROPS.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it fun tho
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): do it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 😮
Bill: Mmm it not.
Bill: Look at what happened when I tried to do a wig.
Bill: I’m not a handy person.
Bill: Oh look at that you can buy with armor from ez.
Bill: I get an extra paycheck this month.
