Bill: @everyone us up north are gathering for leaving at 10 from here and getting to Sakura Sunday at 12.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I'll aim to get there around then too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Made it back home
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yay!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh,  and going back to respectful footwear while wearing a yukata, I'm guessing Crocs would probably not be a good idea? 😅
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Dont people wear sneakers with yukata in Japan? <@301927856240459777>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah we were discussing at dinner and decided sneakers would probably be okay
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but then on the way home I was thinking about how I'm wearing Kiri and was wondering if I could wear my Crocs
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Are crocs not close enough to harajuku? Idk what the rules are xD sorry I'm not really helpful but I personally dont see a reason crocs wouldnt be ok if sneakers are ok
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But I know nothing so def ask mars
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yeee sneakers be good
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t see crocs being any worse than sneakers lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol thanks for the input y'all
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Please wear Crocs
Andrew: Well be there to meet you guys
Bill: More like 1 now.
Andrew: Were almost there now so well see you
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Rollin out now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I found my dad's geta but they're waaaaaaay too small
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also they're apparently winter geta
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I'd ve even TOLLER
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can't even get my toes in all the way 😂
Glonk: Lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg I’ve gone to two gas stations on my gps and both haven’t actually been there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I wasted like 20 mins
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My arrival time is 12:45 now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's ok I'm gonna be late too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Gotta do makeup and contacts when I get there
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ETA 12:32
Aldus Larian (Jess): We'll prob get there around 1:00
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea same
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ooo gotta stop at a rest stop for money
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Good thing I have no shame
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Money acquired
Andrew: Is it worth getting a yukata from a shop here
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What’s the deal with parking?
Andrew: Its 10 dollars
Andrew: It should be at the main center
Andrew: Mann*
Andrew: 4800 states drive
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Thank
Andrew: Let me know when yall here
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hell is city driving omg
Andrew: You still in the city?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye ten mins away apparently
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Just follow the signs for event parking. Parking is $10. Just got here
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Traffic is pretty bad. Lots of asshole Philly drivers trying to cut around people
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ahhh kids begging for money by the philly zoo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I didn’t have to pay to park, some policeman directed me to park down some side road
Andrew: Lucky
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And he said he liked my dress
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh boi a used condom on the sidewalk
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This is why cities suck
Bill: Lucky you.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But yeah I guess if you enter the side by the two big pillars with statues on them they’re funneling people down a side street
Bill: We’re here too.
Bill: Somewhere.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Did you pass the pillars
Bill: We’re...
Bill: And need to get to the horticulture spot across the map.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Uhhh Idk where I am
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh fuck
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Bill: So we’ll meet you there.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wait am i at the right spot?
Bill: You need to go the horticulture center. If you were able to park you should be fine?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Bill: Yeah that’s where it is.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nothing is sending, I hate Philly 😭
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I should get back in my car and drive...?
Bill: There’s paid parking by us if you want to move with a shuttle from the lot to the festival.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I should walk?
Bill: If you’re okay walking.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I am lost and confuse plz halp
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s like a 20 minute walk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have no clue where I'm going
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The policeman told me to park where I did so I guess I’m walking
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): There's so many Asian people and I feel like I'm appropriating lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I hear music so I'm following that
Bill: I think you’re fine parking legally there.
Bill: The walk part is the question.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah I would rather park closer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I guess there’s no parking if they’re directing people
Bill: Nope.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I just don’t like being alone and kinda lost
Bill: Do you want to drive over to us?
Bill: We’re here still.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hrrrrnnnggg so many normies I geel weird
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *feel
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like I’m stuck parking there cause the po po said to
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ll just keep walking
Bill: Move if you want to.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ll just walk it’s fine
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s a lot of normies ahhh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I just don’t like feeling disoriented
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think I just walked past the please touch museum?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Bill: Yeah.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): AHA A COSPLAYER
Bill: We’ll be together shortly. I’ll walk you back your car tonight.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ve never been so happy to see a power ranger
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): People are staring ahhh
Andrew: Let me know when you're all inside
Andrew: Were near the gate
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh no i think I see a line
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m by the ticket area
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): DEKU SPOTTED
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Y’all my pink ass sticking out real bad
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I see a gazebo?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I also hear drums
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I see more cosplayers and a lady stopped me to ask if I’m cosplaying
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): H-Hewwo world
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My instincts draw me to the gazebo idk where y’all are
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sakura Sunday I am in you
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mmmm there’s a weeb talking to himself
Bill: We’re by the main gate.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I? thing that’s where I am?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Andrew: Were at sakura car
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh yeah I don’t recognize that at all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m goin to the gazebo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So many doggies
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@184437198865563648> I see you
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Look to your left
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s another Deku
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh another Uraraka too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Should I go towards the music
Bill: Share location.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Found a Denki too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And a kingdom hearts cosplayer whoa
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): a PYRRHA???
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ITS THE PYRRHA AND BLAKE FROM ZENKAI
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh wait I see the statue of the green guy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): HAZEL IS HERE FUCK ME
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s this big fountain
Bill: Long?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): NO HAZEL DON'T FUCK YOU
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@351785752197201920> and <@351471675843411978> where be you?
Aldus Larian (Jess): We're in the horticulture building learning board ganes
Aldus Larian (Jess): We're commin out now
Bill: We’re by the Japanese house. Hang a left coming up to the Subaru booth at the end of the pool.
Bill: Gotta get photos of you guys.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok we have posters we wanted to get so we'll go do that first
