Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _i did not_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _the mouth has to be open_
Bill: Nooooope definitely Ahegao.
Bill: It cute. But. Ahegao.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Bill plz, you know I keep “georgia” and “sexualized” very much out of the public eye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If it actually looks that bad I would prefer if you deleted it tbh
Bill: Yeah it's not going in a public album.
Bill: I'll share it to you, that's all.
Bill: It's memey is all. You know I'd never do anything to hurt you or your rep.
Bill: And Lightroom sync wigged out.
Bill: I literally just complimented it this afternoon.
Bill: Fucking.
Bill: thiiiink I fixed it.
Bill: What is this cryptid shit I found.
Bill: I don't remember that one at all.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A GODDAMN SQUARE TABLE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): CHILIS TAKE NOTES
Bill: chilis, take notes from chilis.
Bill: my phone export catalog isn't date sorting for some reason so I've got like, chatterbox mixed with Katsucon.
Bill: https://petapixel.com/2019/04/17/actress-pranks-lewd-insta-perverts-with-fake-cleavage-photo/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh is that the one she they dressed up a guy's ass to look like tits?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YEAH
Bill: YUP
Bill: *Erik do a bellabooty*
Bill: Well. I guess.
Bill: Then it would *actually be* bellabooty.
Bill: neeeeeever mind.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): alright i aint even hiding my cpac joke cosplay
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which color is closest to the dunkin logo lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): The lighter
Aldus Larian (Jess): Or neon pink
Bill: Yeah.
Bill: Lighter.
Bill: What are you making for it?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like a year ago i made a plan to do a dunkin donuts gjinka when hal did his ultra caramel frappe cosplay and meg did starbucks girl
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): erik was actually in on the group to cosplay the dragonfruit drink i believe?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): obviously that fell apart, it was supposed to be sunday of this years zenkai lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but i still like the idea
Bill: Yeah I remember the concept.
Bill: I mean what's your design for it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i have orange from my yang socks already
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but im just gonna split the colors pink and orange down the middle and alternating
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and a white dunkin shirt probably
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ae/fe/e3/aefee3ecc0480fba499f6da370f3e26d.jpg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): alright whos doin this version
Bill: Well, first you'd need someone ripped.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and if dunkin donuts joke cosplay falls through im gonna just wear star probably
Bill: Don't forget to fix the zipper.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WOAHHHH WHAT
Elfriede Faun (Tom): DONUT NIPS
Bill: He's like an extra ripped marshall from Lets PLay.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao yea
Bill: https://www.facebook.com/media/set?set=a.2293662400850524&type=3&sfns=mo I’m terribly unimpressed!
Bill: Backdrop photos suck.
Bill: I think I'm going to change how I do my photo storage...
Bill: The external hard drive isn't something I can do *forever* after all.
Bill: I think I'll get a smaller SSD to export photos onto and do selections from, and once I go thin down to my edit pool for the given shoot, I can transition the raw files to the NAS drive. It'll be a little slower to access, but I already use cloud sync via my tablet which doesn't access the raw files anyway, only copies made to store in the cloud... So the process has more steps, and might slow down export time a bit, but other than that no issues... I'll get additional safety from using the NAS as my main storage drive, cause that has data lose protection and the SSD will be safer than the HDDs I've been using...
Bill: I just won't be able to bring my old files with me to Georgia's or something to edit on my laptop. I'd need to use tablet or copy them back to the external.
Bill: Or if I don't copy them off the SSD until I finish the edits, that could work... Assuming I don't backlog myself TOO much.
Bill: Q2 2018 photos were only half the size of the drive though, and that's con season.
Bill: oh right...
Bill: hmm.
Bill: There's lightroom cc for my mac as well, which would use the synced files rather than the actual files in lightroom classic...
Bill: Hahaha lol posting a bunch of filter selfies on my conference call lost me a follower.
Bill: It's my face isn't it.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.instagram.com/p/Bj--8QTFo-l/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=vverihpnxhim
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@351785752197201920> reference for Link. He used an Arda Inigo (like Leanna suggested)
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Eyyyyy
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'll save that thanks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no prob
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Rebecca might not be able to stay over until Sunday so I might be off the hook with driving her*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *but probably not*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): FUCK ME MAN THATS SO COOL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg someone already fuckig tagged me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Bill: Is cute.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's awesome
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): new concept: coffee wars battle armor cosplays
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~i'm offically joining in quadrant Quickcheck~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg that would be awesome
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): gotta find a Canadian to represent Tim Horton's
Bill: The canadians in my office don't care enough.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I would like to also change my team to crappy diner coffee because even though it's crappy, there's just something about it being served in those smol thicc diner mugs that makes it the best coffee
Bill: Woop I'd definitely do starbucks so.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OwO?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Thoughts anyone?
Bill: Suffer.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): suffer by hanging with ethan or
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!386874959009415170> <@!334090409389195266> thoughts
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im tempted to say yes because less time with ethan but also kinda awkward about it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i asked him if he would rather go to rocky
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if hes a bitch about it were goin to color me mine
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I don't really care honestly
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and actually I never factored travel time since it's a Friday during rush hour so my normally 2 hour drive to your area will probably be more like 2.5-3sh 😬
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so whatever we end up doing, I probably won't be there until 7-7:30 anyway
Dizzy: Biru says just tell him no already...
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I'm up for anything. But less time with Ethan sounds like 😘 👌
Bill: That filter is shitty damn.
Bill: It never triggers at the right time.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): do we wanna do rocky horror then?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats at midnight tho is the only warning
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so its like midnight to 2:30
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tangentially related idk what to wear for my dunkin shirt
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.amazon.com/HABIBEE-Suspender-Strong-Adjustable-Braces/dp/B012FY7DBW/ref=sr_1_16?keywords=dark+pink+suspenders&qid=1555623567&s=gateway&sr=8-16
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i like these suspenders and bowtie
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i can borrow kieras uniform hat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i have one orange and one pink thigh high
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i have shoes i can paint one orange and pink
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): now do i want pink shorts and an orange button up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): or orange shorts and a white tshirt
Bill: Go look at Mac’s gay DM photos, same energy.
Bill: She literally just posed one.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): + 1 orange and 1 pink sock and shoe
Bill: It’ll do.
Bill: Sure you aren’t going to feel like you’re not in cosplay?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): nah im gonna get a donut box
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the whole 9 yards
