Bill: Leanna got shared by echoblaze.cos . Interesting.
Leanna: Wot
Bill: 
Erik: Yoooo she's super neat
Bill: She's a Yang cosplayer from like, Ohio or something.
Erik: Colorado
Erik: Close
Bill: Steampunk flavor and that's legit as fuck.
Leanna: Oh shit shes the yang steampunk girl
Bill: Entirely the reason I follow her.
Erik: She's really cool. I talk to her sometimes
Erik: She wants to try to make it out to Katsu next year
Erik: I told her my cost effective Katsu strategy
Bill: She seems awesome. Yet another famous instagram person I'll know through ~~Georgia~~ others but I mean. Cool to see cosplay in person.
Erik: She just did a purge like we all did and went down to less than 700 followers lol
Bill: Oh really?
Erik: So not as super famous, but she still stands out because her steampunk Yang is fucking dope and not easy to forget
Bill: ~~You mean, you only want to shoot with attractive cosplayers for free?~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): LOL
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wow rude
Erik: I told her if we're ever at a con together I want to do a steampunk Tai with her
Bill: DO IT
Bill: I'd shoot that.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh yeah I follow echogirl as well
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah her steam punk is sweet
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'm not a fan of echogirl after what she did to zen
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Caught you in my MM trap,no escape
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~he baited us~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): now we're trapped in this apartment with a bomb. it really was that easy. unknown'd.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Also don't check in any of the cabinets
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Not allowed
Erik: If you just stay ~~in the cage~~ at Jumin's apartment, then you don't need to worry about the bomb
Erik: https://www.instagram.com/p/BuUAAKihd4g/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=19pyaigjoj7d3
Erik: That's how you do a large group photo
Erik: ~~still a clusterfuck but at least you can actually see everyone~~
Glonk: Does anyone have a use for a white top hat?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): not currently but could find one...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): also justin just booked a room for saikoucon
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im surprised hes goin
Bill: saw that. He called it a "big" con.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): depending on how internships go, i could be convinced to tag along
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): no plans yet, just food for thought
Bill: Is that you saying you'd want to invite us if you were to go, or...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): well i didnt think of inviting
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but like
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): if anyone was on the fence about it or anything
Bill: I wanna pit Kamistry and Ryan against each other in some kind of thot off.
Bill: I don't think the con center would survive.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It wouldnt dear god
Aldus Larian (Jess): So like weird question but when you are in a group shoot, multiple people can post the same photo right? Ll
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye I always thought so
Bill: Ye why not.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok coo
Erik: yea
Erik: like literally everyone *but* me posted the same photo from our Darling mech shoot
Erik: I usually try to space it out from when others post it because... they've already seen it most likely
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeeee well the last person posted this pic like 2 days ago? So I'mma do it
Erik: also on the topic of posting, posting in the evening seems to get me more engagement? Or maybe it's just because the first several hours after posting I'm asleep
Aldus Larian (Jess): I can't figure out optimal post time for the life of me
Aldus Larian (Jess): I just do it on lunch usually 😂
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): 
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): This is what I use
Bill: #science
Aldus Larian (Jess): that sounds like effort, translating all those times to eastern
Erik: add one hour
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): rip me
Bill: I need to return photos, I miss being tagged.
Erik: better get a post ready for 4pm
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭  but i allready posted today
Erik: *~searches unposted tlt_wm photo~*
N🆗ri (Marisa): time to line up a post oh no
Erik: Ooh actually I was on your site earlier and completely forgot that I hadn't saved the Kiri photos from ANYC
Erik: And lowkey forgot about them
Aldus Larian (Jess): insta killed my last poast reach so bad, i think cuz it was a "video"
Bill: *lol*
Erik: Even though I look at one every day
N🆗ri (Marisa): BUT IT WAS A COOL VIDEO
Aldus Larian (Jess): I KNOW
Aldus Larian (Jess): but insta killed it 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): it got like 1/3 the likes my pics do
Bill: I wonder what kind of traffic I have right now.
Bill: ~~also I need to work on people posting pictures I took != friendship woo~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): ur gonna have so much friendship from katsu pictures
N🆗ri (Marisa): at least 5 friendship
Bill: *apparently Katsu killed my website usage?*
Bill: idk, I have no idea how to read these charts.
Aldus Larian (Jess): biru, youve taken almost half the pics on my instgram
N🆗ri (Marisa): look like mountains
Bill: ~~half?~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Bill: I would have guessed higher.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i post alot of selfies too
Aldus Larian (Jess): the point is baring myself, youve taken most of the pics on there
Bill: I follow. You lost me on the point though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): welp rip
Bill: is it the friendship thing?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea
N🆗ri (Marisa): i've gotten a lot of likes from adult men on my facebook page this week which is weird because i haven't used it in months
Bill: What I mean is separating a post tag (which is just because you shared one of my images) from actual friendship. Cause I have actual friendship, obviously, love ya. I shouldn't think because someone doesn't share images it matters in terms of the real friendship.
Bill: Which ties into some of the thoughts I've had on shoots... I've definitely been like 'people will ask me for shoots and that'll make us friends' but sitting around waiting for that is kinda dumb and doesn't work outside close friends so... Photoshoots facilitate making friends, but aren't like, a metric for friends.
Leanna: 6am on friday
Leanna: why
Bill: hey you. No deleting messages.
Bill: We don't have to convince you out of that do we?
Bill: It was hard enough with Marisa.
Leanna: i hecked up
Leanna: i was like 15 messages scrolled up
Leanna: and then when i sent it
Leanna: i was like
Leanna: OH SHIT WHATS HAPPENING
Bill: that fine. I hate that discord gives you message deleting.
Erik: editing is a blessing though honestly
Bill: typos are fun.
Erik: I *hate* typos
Aldus Larian (Jess): opps
Bill: Typos make lols.
Aldus Larian (Jess): im a walking typo
Aldus Larian (Jess): my keyboard at work is shit, my phone autofills wrong half the time, im pretty sure im dylslexic
Bill: my phone can be pretty bad too.
Bill: and when my hands are cold they just. don't move well and hit the wrong buttons.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i know im probably obnoxious as fuck~~
Bill: Absolutely not.
Bill: if you were ever killed a replaced by an alien, I'd be able to tell it's you in 2 to 4 hours of chatting because they wouldn't sound like you.
Bill: It's like that time I sent a sarahah to someone and I didn't want to be recognized, so I typed like a valley girl.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~you mean cuz they dont look like an idiot who cant spell anything~~
Bill: Your typing has character to it, everyone's does. I always use periods, which probably makes me sound curt and rude all the time!
Bill: You CAN spell, your *phone* can't.
Aldus Larian (Jess): its not my phonw
Aldus Larian (Jess): most of the time its the clunkiness of my work keyboard
Aldus Larian (Jess): combined with me rushing
Bill: *which still has nothing to do with your intelligence*
Aldus Larian (Jess): I can type intelligently when i take better care... but i worry i give off the wrong impression when im just trying to keep up with a conversation
Bill: you don't. Typos are natural.
Bill: You don't use *text shorthand*, which is what will actually make you sound dumb.
Bill: like u c?
N🆗ri (Marisa): no u
Andrew: Look at me. Between my phone and me rushing I never get things right typing
Andrew: And now my autocorrect has incorrect spellings saved
Bill: Do I want to do any gorup shoots other than rwby....
Bill: There's no resident evil, unfortunately...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): you could make oneeee
Bill: It's an option.
