Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye prob! I think I'm going to compromise with myself and do like a watered down version now and build more on later
Bill: It’s also kinda like you’ll be reducing the cost of the con you wear him at, so think of it like an advance on the Katsu budget.
Nokri (Marisa): i know good muscle hacks if u need muscle
Nokri (Marisa): 💪
Aldus Larian (Jess): id prob wear him at zenkai since their theme is DnD this year
Aldus Larian (Jess): well next year
Aldus Larian (Jess): iI cobbled together a cape, i have purple contacts and grey body paint, just sais i could borrow a simitar so i just need to pick up another one at the ren fair
Bill: So ye you reducing what you’ll spend at Zenkai.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i mean the problem was more "do we have enough money for me to do this right now wihtouth threatening any bills"
El🆓de Faun (Tom): hes actually not muscley! he an elf boi
El🆓de Faun (Tom): he slim boi
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok I got enough stuff to make do but not enough to break the bank <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Bill: woo
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hope my parents are ready to see me crossdress
Bill: If you don't wear a binder, will they really be able to tell? I don't know what his outfit looks like.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean I'mma tell them he's a boi
Aldus Larian (Jess): And I'm gonna wear my binder too
Nokri (Marisa): mom...... dad............. i'm elf boi
Aldus Larian (Jess): They know I crossplay they just haven't seen it in person
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I always feel like girls crossdressing isn't as seen as weird as boys crossdressing, but I guess maybe it can be?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah I feel the same way
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah girls cross is more accepted just like in normal society
Nokri (Marisa): Otakon sending out their feedback survey *this* late in hopes people will forget the bad stuff that happened <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: How’d the Dani shoot look, btw?
Nokri (Marisa): FABRASTIC I LOVE IT ITS GRETA
Bill: But actually. Cause white balance on some of those is rough.
Nokri (Marisa): Is a lot better than the Holo shoot over the weekend
Nokri (Marisa): White balance issues are a Mood this week
Bill: That photo has a lot more issues than white balance but saying I’m better than some other dude ain’t helping me improve.
Nokri (Marisa): My photos are the ones with white balance issues
Nokri (Marisa): From Otakon
Bill: me too!
Nokri (Marisa): I’d say from a cosplayer perspective, cosplayers care less about the technical aspect of photography and more on the aesthetic aspect. I think the Dani photos are fantastic. But the most common issue in your photos is the cosplayer not being aware of problems such as their wig being too unruly or something being out of place, or the pose not working. Things that they need someone else to tell them that they can’t see themselves during the shoot. Maybe it’s a double chin that could’ve been avoided by changing the angle of the head, or under eye shadows that are super prominent and unflattering, or they forgot their badge is visible. It’s totally natural stuff for people ordinarily but cosplayers wanna be anime and look almost inhuman.
Bill: Mhmm. People don't wanna look orange tho. XD
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: I've been in a rut with con shoots I think. Not a lot of inspiration, I haven't been directing posing well, half assing where based on light limitations... Most of the photos are just *blah*.
Nokri (Marisa): I think you’re combining cosplay photography with model photography when they’re incredibly different. That was the issue over the weekend, all the photographers were used to shooting with models and didn’t know how to shoot cosplayers. Sometimes it works but most of the time it doesn’t.
Bill: Some cosplayers have difficulty posing themselves though.
Bill: And sometimes the pose that looks good on a camera isn't something people will do naturally, so you gotta direct em.
Nokri (Marisa): Ya but you can still tell it’s a “model” pose and not a “cosplay” pose
The difference is a person looking like they’re dressed up and posing vs. the idea an anime character is being portrayed in 3D
Bill: Mmm... I dunno if most people think of themselves as an 'anime character in 3D'. They want to embody the character, but that doesn't mean they aren't dressed up and posing to look good.
Nokri (Marisa): If people are cosplaying and want a photoshoot, they want to be anime
Bill: I disagree. I think that's you in a nutshell, but not everyone goes into it for that.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Mmmmm I agree with mars
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I wanna look fake
Aldus Larian (Jess): ☝
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Like I wanna look as much like 3d anime as possible. Or 3d cartoon character
Nokri (Marisa): If someone isn’t cosplaying, then it’s fine not to be anime. But cosplay is called 2.5D for a reason
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Unless it's like a cosplay from a live action show
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But then I want cinematic photos
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea for coaply, I wanna look animu
Bill: Oke... I'm missing how that's different than looking good in a photo though.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh no it still looks good. But it's not a realistic looking good
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Like it straight up would look hella weird if I was out of cosplay
Nokri (Marisa): It also portrays the ~spirit~ of the show
Like, if you’re in a t-shirt and jeans with a wig, someone should still be able to go “oh that’s from ___ show!” at a glance

Ye it’d look out of place in the “real” world
Aldus Larian (Jess): basically as close to source material as possible. like not to wear i have 16 beauty filters on but the lighting and colors and stuff
Bill: I bump saturation alot for cosplay stuff, really try and get the key colors of the cosplay popping which is for a little more 'anime' look. 

But like... location wise a location that looks good for a cosplay shoot is probably a good one for regular photos. Like the stairs at ota are great for Saber, but also would look good for a normal person.

As far as posing I'm sure it'd be weird for a normie to be like, trying to wield a sword or fist fight but, they wouldn't do that.
Nokri (Marisa): People fist fight and hold swords all the time :3c
Nokri (Marisa): I guess the key is to make it look less like “guy holding sword” and more like “chosen hero preparing to depart for combat”
Nokri (Marisa): It’s hard to describe in words
Bill: See, that's just telling the story of the picture to me.
Bill: Which is the same in every photo, even the ones without people.
Bill: I don't really consider "Yang punching her way through a door" different than "Squirrel is startled when poaching a bird feed" or "Person is turning around in a spooky corridor". They say all good pictures tell a story like that.
Nokri (Marisa): Like this Junko. The background is pretty bad, it’s typical Comiket backdrop, but she looks Anime™
Nokri (Marisa): Whereas this image doesn’t have that same feel. It’s a good photo in theory but it’s lacking
Bill: See, if those photos were out of costumes, the bottom would still be missing something.
Nokri (Marisa): I have some really embarrassing pictures of myself that demonstrate the same principle, all taken at the same time in the same spot, but it’s basically the same stuff as above
Nokri (Marisa): If the photos were out of costume then the bottom one would be fine
Nokri (Marisa): We’re talking about just cosplay photography
Bill: I don't think it's *anime* that's missing. The bottom is flat lit, I think at a weird focal length, head on... All things that make a photo bad. Meanwhile, the top one has backlight through the hair, a 3/4ths pose, triangles in the stance...
Nokri (Marisa): this doesn't have it. the leggings are gross and stretched out, face looks too realistic. it's un-anime
Nokri (Marisa): this is better. got more emotion, the bad part of the costume is hidden. it's got more Anime™
Nokri (Marisa): ~~bad example, i meant to use a different pose but chose the wrong file and went with it, but the opinion still stands~~
Nokri (Marisa): in cosplay the outfit is the most important part
Nokri (Marisa): you want the photo to highlight the outfit in a good way, and a good outfit can balance out a bad face like in the second image
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea costume and props are most important, if its just my face thats basically unusable as a cosplay photo
Bill: yeee but that's a given. We haven't talked about just doing face shots. I happen to like portraits but I try and avoid them in cosplay.
Bill: I still hold it's not only an anime thing for those samples.
Nokri (Marisa): it's a bunch of different factors that lead to it looking anime. when i hesitate to post pictures from you, it's because i feel i look gross, or like with the corn shoot my wig was all over the place and awful and i had no idea. sometimes the shots are *too* high quality in a way, you can see every little detail and flaw on a person's face when anime is smooth and flawless
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i gave you a compliment and u hated it so i try critique like u ask and u also hate it, i dunno what to do. ;u;~~
Bill: Nah you're fine. I don't hate either thing. I know you though, and when asked you'd rather say 'everything is great I love it' than actually give your opinion. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): ***you tricked me***
Bill: Nor am I expecting you to post every photo ever. No one likes every photo they get back, I'm not in other people's heads enough to know how to hide everything they're insecure about.
Nokri (Marisa): everyone is insecure about everything <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: I smooth photos more and more too. Especially since I switched to the d500. Some shots are like, say hello to the interior of your pores sharp.
Aldus Larian (Jess): things people are going to worry about are different for each person. i know im conscious about my dark undereyes alot, i have to edit them almost everytime.
Aldus Larian (Jess): fill light helps though. i just have deep set eyes and my wig always cast a shadow making them worse
Aldus Larian (Jess): some pic i just cant post because there not continuity in the context like this pic is really nice but without the book in it i just look like a dead body:
https://www.flickr.com/photos/thelittlethingswemiss/48052120898/in/album-72157709056241513/
Aldus Larian (Jess): alot of the nier pics from katsu have the same issue cuz the sword is cropped to the hilt
Bill: Ye, I knew that about the Katsu set. It was too cold to focus properly on framing and I was rushing to get everyone inside...
Bill: That shoot was a mess.
Bill: You got the book in the shot in the next one in the gallery though, so I’m guessing I cropped (or the shot was shot that way) without the book for variety.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the angles different tho
Bill: Mm true.
Bill: I figured out the trick to which way to angle the shot to get it to look good at Otakon.
Bill: I don’t remember the trick though.
Bill: Which is where a lot of off shots have come from.
Bill: https://www.reddit.com/r/photography/comments/cz70fe/an_overview_of_darktable_free_alternative_to/
Bill: <@!334090409389195266> so your OC shoot Thursday?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): OH YEA FUCK I FORGOT TO SAY THAT
Bill: Skimming BNE.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): we were talking about photos in here and i didnt want to interrupt
Bill: I like it. Good plan.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): but then i forgot lmao
Kaio Vermino (Lee): YEET THANK YOU im excite
Bill: Me too, no need to rush or anything.
Bill: I like Thursday for actually giving a shit with my camera.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): yea! ive never done a shoot on thursday but i imagine it will be less crowded in the arcade for photos too
Bill: Hopefully. If not I’ll... shine flashes at them till they move or something.
Bill: XD
Kaio Vermino (Lee): its a perfect plan
Bill: Then it’s kiribaku Friday and nothing Saturday (not shooting rwby, someone is borrowing gear for MM). I feel like I’m forgetting something Friday.
Nokri (Marisa): I FOUND A PIC
Nokri (Marisa): Hashtag blessed
Nokri (Marisa): Oh mag is in the picture too! the touhou guy
Bill: You really liked that shot huh.
Nokri (Marisa): i wanted to see myself being picked up :3C
Bill: I got a weird angle but one more?
Nokri (Marisa): WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Nokri (Marisa): WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YEAH
Bill: Liked being swept off your feet eh? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Didn’t know you were a bee shipper.
Nokri (Marisa): you've been hiding this GEM
Nokri (Marisa): for some reason people really really like picking me up as blake
i just want photo evidence of it so i can see how much of a strain i put on the person holding me
Nokri (Marisa): if they are damaged or hurt i want to compensate them
Bill: You weigh nothing so.
Nokri (Marisa): i weigh at least 3 tons
Bill: Imma tell Anna to lift you at CCE. :3
Nokri (Marisa): can she handle it? proceed with caution i don't want to hurt her
Nokri (Marisa): what it feels like being picked up
~~and then someone who picked me up once told me i let myself be picked up wrong? like i do something wrong when i get picked up?? sorry i'm not perfect for picking up idk what a person is supposed to do~~ but this is the mood
Bill: Where do you find these people.
Nokri (Marisa): anime cons
Bill: Even at anime cons.
Nokri (Marisa): one was that sean guy from kotoricon, one was a girl at katsucon, one was a guy in the NaNo line at otakon, that yang from otakon, lots!
