Bill: http://www.aurii.us/aurii_library/world-guide-index.html The world guide is now a split grouping of pages. Hopefully this makes it easier to read. Callora is a work in progress. (Callora is being fleshed out as four primary political/regional groups, the nations I was originally going to split it into. Callora, Torshan, Dwyr, and Rocnas are the primary city-states in the Calloran League and smaller city-states are grouped with them so I don't need to write two dozen city-states.)
Bill: @everyone The party opening is a thing. There will be a variety of hooks in the party which the group can start grabbing at, but the TLDR is 

A. Getting involved with Calloran internal politics 
B. Getting involved with the direct war effort
C. Treasure hunting/looking for lost ~~weapons~~ secrets

The prior two will have you getting involved from the Laeran side of things. It's not to make Afina a main character, but to be involved in international affairs you need to be acting with a nation. This can either take the form of your characters allying with a well intentioned subgroup (Laera is not acting as a high level political power, more of a small force trying to push everyone in the right directions), representatives of their home organization, or even with the intent to report back to their home nation on what Laera is up to. I say this just to keep in mind that by the end of the party, everyone should have a reason to work together for the greater purpose of keeping Callora united/winning the war against Dreca/finding shit. 

I want to finish the sections I have left for Callora, but after that I've outlined the party to get it started. As I understand it people want to play but don't want to do sheets right away and I guess we can do that. The absolute minimum you'd need is the approaches, and most of you have those from the first season so copy pasta. Given that, when to get started after I finish my world building is up for discussion.
Bill: (I'd like to finish the Callora writing tonight on the train, but we'll see what happens)
Bill: New story is two fold. King Afrin wants to keep Callora together, because Callora is strong together and the other political parties have forgotten that. So he’ll send the group to either prevent the other groups from doing espionage, to do espionage, or to talk to nobles and convince them they’re dumb (probably through sub quests and duels).

The other half is missions against the advancing Dreca to keep them from invading Callora before they can be reunited to fight back.

@everyone intending to play, I need to know if this sound interesting or if I need to scrap it.
