Bill: Stashing ooc; this way we have somewhere to talking gaming but the ooc channel will remain Aurii exclusive.
Aldus (Jess): like role playing gaming or?
Bill: yeah. We have raids-owo for video games.
Bill: which need a more relevant name, tbh.
Aldus (Jess): well we dont really talk about dnd style games much but shouldn't the channel go it he "mistakes" section if anything since its not relevent to the game which the server was started for?
Aldus (Jess): actually now that im thinking about it why are shitposts and tity-pics not "mistakes"
Bill: Mistakes is sort of the hobbies category I guess.
Bill: Which would mean this goes there.
Bill: Both Mistakes and Out of Character are for out of character conversation, Mistakes just got separated out as the hobbies.
Bill: I put it where ooc was cause it's like a placeholder, but it can go in mistakes.
Aldus (Jess): i would say "mistates" would be tity pics and shit posts, Hobbies would be everything we do for fun and then general could be on its own
Bill: Mistakes was called such because anime is a mistake was the original anime channel.
Aldus (Jess): i know, but no reason it cant be made more relevant
Bill: This is a temporary thing, if we're going to rehash the server it can wait for when we start up the game channels again.
Aldus (Jess): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ its your server, i just wanted to give organization suggestions
Bill: Ye, just don't want to move everything around and move it again later.
Bill: ~~and this channel only exists because I want to serious poke at the idea of doing a BNHA game in BESM~~
Aldus (Jess): hmm
Bill: I really have wanted to run BESM for a decade, and BNHA would play well in the system... so it's a tryout of BESM, getting to fuck around in BNHA setting, we can make use of some character creation tricks from other games that may inspire more connections in Aurii between PCs, and I debating trying this as an online game (Discord video call, probs).
Bill: Plus, making your own quirks.
Bill: ~~I might mangle canon a bit but yolo~~
Afina (Georgia): The heck is this
Bill: read.
Aldus (Jess): https://i.pinimg.com/originals/92/fb/e5/92fbe53be1b3b29aa72a440675ef79b1.jpg
Afina (Georgia): I still don’t get it
Bill: It's like ooc.
Bill: But for not Aurii.
Bill: While Aurii is suspended.
Afina (Georgia): Nani isn’t that just general
Bill: Not for conversations specifically about rpgs.
Bill: Like the aforementioned me wanting to do a BNHA thing.
Afina (Georgia): Isn’t that raids owo?
Bill: non video games.
Afina (Georgia): Ehhhhhh
Afina (Georgia): Whatever stirs your pasta
Bill: right. Saw my @ in cons right?
Afina (Georgia): Ye I’m just in class right now which is my only “goof off on discord” time til 3 pm Friday
Afina (Georgia): Ironically
Afina (Georgia): Cause midterms
Bill: lol.
Bill: I know, just making sure.
Bill: Didn't want it lost in the backlog.
Bill: I wanna brainstorm BNHA rpg ideas, so if anyone wants to hop in voice...
