Nokri (Marisa): Everything is rainy and sweaty so why is the line so long
Nokri (Marisa): COSPLAY PARTY
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: COSPLAY PARTY
Nokri (Marisa): Dedicated to ny’all
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Also there was a SUPER convincing Aizawa cosplayer just wandering around the woman’s changing room looking lost it was quite funny
Nokri (Marisa): are you all hungover. are you feeling the consequences of the alcohol i saw on instagram and you regretting the Drink™. are you abstinence for life now.
Aldus (Jess): I'm not! 🙌 ~~which is kinda surprising~~
Nokri (Marisa): jess has received the cosplay kami-sama blessing and is Spared™
Aldus (Jess): How was the rest of your day at Acosta?
Nokri (Marisa): lots o' rain. rose and i managed to grab some rainy pictures in an uncrowded spot right before being kicked out of that spot by staff <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> ~~they didn't have 'no entry' signs up how were we supposed to know we couldn't go there. the boundaries are weird.~~

we ran into a cosplayer we've met before and chatted for a bit. some SUPER WEIRD photographer took our pictures.
Aldus (Jess): Oh no! 😮
Nokri (Marisa): usually when photogs want our pictures they'll be like "just you" or "just her" or "together" and take a few pictures.
we had a full on chise/saber photoshoot with this guy asking for the most yuri-esque poses.
Aldus (Jess): 😬
Nokri (Marisa): he didn't speak he would like mime it, and at one point he was miming something really complex and I'm like "oh you want us to... do a lap pillow pose?" and he's like "oh you DO understand!! yeah do that." and then continued miming. lap pillow while holding hands and then he gave us two love live dolls and had us make the dolls kiss each other.
we stuck around for the story but after the pictures the dude started getting weird and we left. but he said he'd send us the pics tomorrow <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): how was animoonext what went down i saw spilled cereal
Nokri (Marisa): any big plans for today
Nokri (Marisa): correction: dude was already weird but he was getting weirder. we thought for a minute he was telling rose to lift her skirt but he was telling her to be more confident and wear shorter skirts. which was still mega creepy.
Aldus (Jess): Ommggg oh yea! Billy threw cearal at Georgia and it spilled opps
Aldus (Jess): Omg that so creepy! Nooooo
Nokri (Marisa): I T WAS A RESULT OF VIOLENCE?
Nokri (Marisa): i thought it was because half asleep stuffing your face with food HOW DID THIS FIGHT OCCUR
Nokri (Marisa): pains was nice though! we met him before. AND DISNEY DUDE he recognized me it was swag i gave him chocolate
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): are you mystic messing today
Aldus (Jess): Yea! I wanna get ready but not every one is up and too early to put on a binder!
Nokri (Marisa): whisper "get woke" repeatedly until all are woke
Nokri (Marisa): play the mystic mess theme song *really loudly*
"I JUST GOT YOUR MESSAGES" as you try to quietly get dressed
Aldus (Jess): Lmao what a great idea! 😂 Tom needs to get up so he can help out my tattoo on
Nokri (Marisa): ooo are you drawing it on or is it on transfer paper?
Nokri (Marisa): if it's on paper just kind of lay the sheet over his face
Nokri (Marisa): ~~me during the call earlier: who are you people. only tom and jess are in cosplay only they are recognizable who are the rest of you.~~
Aldus (Jess): It's temporary tatoo paper.
Nokri (Marisa): *put it on his face*
Aldus (Jess): Oh lmao Dave, Georgia, Hal, and our friends Justin and Rayna
Aldus (Jess): ~~omg an Instagram post of mine reached 100 likes in 12 hours wut~~
Nokri (Marisa): fame ⭐
Aldus (Jess): Prop check didn't want to approve my wand yesterday cuz I made it out of a shower curtain rod 😬 I pinky promised the man I wouldn't whack anyone with it
Nokri (Marisa): wot
Nokri (Marisa): ooooooooo metal? is that why
Aldus (Jess): Yeeeeeee lol I didn't think about that at all
Aldus (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): that's a lil harsh. usually they're on the lookout for live steel, small-ish pieces like that tend to be fine but i guess rules are becoming stricter
Nokri (Marisa): WOAH KAWAII
Aldus (Jess): It so thin
Nokri (Marisa): yeah that's usually fine! could he tell it was metal by touching it?
Aldus (Jess): They asked me what it was made if and I am honest ™
Nokri (Marisa): das very good. probably why he trusted you. good trust. 👍
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Nice pictures 👌 sorry about creeper
Nokri (Marisa): arigato tomu is ok you did not send the crepper
unless u did in which case <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): how was being a magical girl
Nokri (Marisa): you guys should buy one of the $300 grab bags in the dealers hall
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: It was a great experience 👌
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: I recommend it to everyone
