Bill: > me: we should get more photographers in BNE, I can’t shoot everyone
> Hunter, a photographer joins
> me, an adult: they’re mine, all mine
Afina (Georgia): me, three years ago: why don't i know any photographers?
Afina (Georgia): me, now: friends friends friends
Bill: You're the hot commodity tho ~~I'mma just lose my place in BNE and be forgotten about~~.
Afina (Georgia): billiam no thats silly
Bill: you may think so.
Afina (Georgia): theyre not replacing you because your friendship is not replaceable
Bill: uh huh.
Bill: ,...
Afina (Georgia): some days im like damn
Afina (Georgia): there are so many hot pyrrhas in the world
Afina (Georgia): and i am an awkward noodle
Afina (Georgia): everyone will someday see this and like them more
Afina (Georgia): but thats not true because people dont think that way
Afina (Georgia): and people enjoy me for my cosplay, but also my ✨ sparkling personality ✨
Bill: What’s a sparkling personality like.
Afina (Georgia): its a metaphor
Afina (Georgia): what im really saying is that people enjoy you for you
Bill: Sure. On another day I’d agree with you.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): My staff application for Zenkai was given to safety even though dizzy said I had a guaranteed cosplay spot. 😿
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): I would’ve reapplied for exhibits as my second choice but that’s filled up I think
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): They already filled the cosplay spot because they had less openings then they thought. Dizzy confirmed I would’ve been guaranteed but she had less openings than she thought and she already filled it. 😭
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): they sent her 3 applications and mine wasn't one of them. i don't think i can do safety i'm one of the most unimposing people and i won't be able to cosplay
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): what costumes can be worn with a t-shirt over them
Bill: Dizzy sucks.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): NO dizzy is great it's not her fault. she didn't get my application. it's whoever is in charge of staff apps that messed up. dizzy even said she'd message kiwi to ensure i get a spot in safety so i'm not tossed over to AMVs and stuck in a room all day.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): well i might be stuck in a room all day in safety. it depends. but at least it'll be a public room not full of people sitting around in the dark.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): i'm just shell shocked because i didn't think I wouldn't get the cosplay position. i figured we were more organized than this, especially since i sent my app months ago. maybe i sent it too early? even though the form had been publicly available for a while?
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): and exhibits is full so i can't get my old job there hhhh
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): pros: maybe i'll get a radio? doubtful but maybe.
Bill: It sucks cause you can't hang out with us.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): cons: i am physically incapable of shouting so if someone pulls a gun or starts something i can't yell at them
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): ya i can I only have to work 24-26 hours over the weekend <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): i asked dizzy if i could enter the hcc if i'm not working cosplay and she didn't respond so i assume that's a ye *because nothing says otherwise* <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): oh fudge. i mentioned i wanted to see the masquerade and then dizzy said she'd talk to kiwi. they might place me at main event security. yelling at lines and checking badges all day ehjkmnbvc
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): also high chance of being dealer security because BoJo's the head of that
Bill: This all sucks.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): yeah we can't have a group of all aces running the 18+ events again
Elfriede (Tom): :/
Afina (Georgia): i thought we meant discord dizzy this whole time
Afina (Georgia): HUH
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): *dizzy how could you*
Aldus (Jess): Oh no! Maybe someone will drop?
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): dizzy lizzy! she's in charge of zenkai's cosplay exhibit and the founder of the cosplay exhibition!
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): maybe but it's doubtful. only in the most extraordinary of circumstances can you drop
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): https://www.facebook.com/DizzyLizzyCostuming/
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): that dizzy
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): i'm feelin' sad.
but they do the staff schedule around the same time as the public schedule so if there's any events or times i should take off for let me know. maybe i can make the ball this year. assuming safety takes me, (~~what if they don't oh noo~~) there shouldn't be any events i'm forced to work? unless i'm put in main events safety or something but if anything the chances are high of being placed in dealer's safety. i think. meaning i'll primarily be working when the dealer's hall is opening.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): dizzy reminded me to send in an application and i told her i already did, that should've tipped her off that something was wrong etaysdtjkyjhgf
Bill: ~~why don't you not have them take you?~~
Bill: Take a year off and go back next year, and spend this year hanging with us.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): oh the cosplay spot was filled by another returning staffer, so it's not like anyone new is joining. maybe she did get my application and only had one spot to fill and gave it to the veteran worker.
but then i wouldn't get a free room and free food $$$$
honestly i don't think i'd know how to enjoy zenkaikon not as a staffer 🤔 I've staffed it since before they moved to this location. i might accidentally wind up walking into the staff suite or confusing myself, and people would probably make me help out anyway.
Bill: I *guesssss*
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): i can still hang out. the con is longer than 9 hours a day
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): i doubt y'all'd want me around constantly, y'all need a marisa break
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): if i'm safety i likely won't be bound to the cosplay area like last year. it depends on what duty i'm doing but safety are generally more free roaming
Bill: We want you around constantly, yes.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): until the 90th time i dab and do finger guns to point at something. then it's just regret all around.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): do you think they'd fire me if i dabbed to show people directions
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): if i start working at 7 though and go all day, i could be free after 4 or 5pm.
or i could schedule 1-2 hours breaks in between working and work on and off
the schedule is very flexible depending on where i'm put
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): i just have to fulfill 24~+ hours
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): oh no. everyone is going to talk to kiwi. but they're not telling me what they're gonna talk to kiwi *about*. why this.
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): ok i spoke with BoJo, she said security is super simple. if I'm on her team I'll just be stationed outside the dealer's hall. if I'm on ilene's team (where a lot of younger staffers get sent) i'll be patrolling the con. I *will* get a cool radio.
Elfriede (Tom): THEY GON GET THIS STRAIGT?
Elfriede (Tom): NO ALL MARISA ALL THE TIME
Elfriede (Tom): NO SPACES
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): basically i won't be confined to the cosplay building and i'll have freedom and a cool radio and I can cosplay as long as I wear the staff t-shirt over it when i'm on duty <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus (Jess): All mawisa all da time!
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): [does the worm for 24 hours straight]
Aldus (Jess): Yea!
Nok nok who's there (Marisa): aside from big rushes like the friday dealer's line I should have a lot of free time while on duty. assumedly. that's assumedly a real world.
Bill: How far are you from chestnut hill <@!245270932602486784> ?
Afina (Georgia): Just barely over an hour
Bill: That's way more managable to do in a night.
Bill: If you were going to go just for the night... I may have a proposition for you.
Afina (Georgia): owo?
Bill: Like I said to Erik, I wouldn't want to go if I have to drive back. If you were going to head home afterwards, I could come by you in the afternoon, bum a ride to the crawl, and would probably have to crash at your house. It's... alright, entirely in my benefit, but if you *happen* to be doing all the things that make the plan work...
Nokia 3310 (Marisa): by crawl you couldn't possibly ever mean the *bar* crawl
Bill: leeemme know, cause I needed plans that weekend.
Elfriede (Tom): He's actually just gonna crawl really aggressively
Nokia 3310 (Marisa): get some knee pads or your pants will stain by crawling on the grass
Nokia 3310 (Marisa): unless you're goin for that grass-stained pants look
Nokia 3310 (Marisa): bringing it back in fashion
Nokia 3310 (Marisa): OR you could wear this
Bill: I’m not one of the ghili guys.
Bill: https://www.facebook.com/events/552352055190142/ ~~brought to you by the drunk wizards~~
Aldus (Jess): they should wait a year
Bill: Ah, 2020.
Bill: Hunter wigging our in DMs? He’s justified but I know you need to study.
Bill: OH.
Bill: He meant PHYSICS.
Bill: Not Snow and Mist.
