Bill: HA. That's a price drop. Guess people didn't want to pay 180 dollars.
Nokri (Marisa): shocking since inoue has a big following don't they
Bill: Seems like it. I've heard stories that she's kinda a bitch to work worth tho.
Bill: and imo she ain't all that.
Aldus (Jess): Well 180 was for katsu wasn't it?
Nokri (Marisa): idea: a boudoir shoot but it's fully clothed with way more clothes than you'd usually wear.
i had this idea when thinking of ray poses
Nokri (Marisa): Omg this year’s Otakon badges are totally a ripoff of voltron
Nokri (Marisa): And like 40 other shows
Nokri (Marisa): But voltron came to mind first
Aldus (Jess): OMG yes
Nokri (Marisa): 
Afina (Georgia🍀): _100 for 30 minutes, whoa I wanna make 200 dollars an hour_
Afina (Georgia🍀): I don't even make 200 dollars a DAY wow orz I should've been a photographer
Afina (Georgia🍀): Someone go back in time and tell 12 y/o not to cosplay but photograph instead
Aldus (Jess): I mean you don't make that everyday tho, and there's still many more hours that go into editing. You may make a couple thousand in a second weekend. And then not make anything for the next month or more
Bill: Hashtag freelancing.
Bill: Also inoue is a photoshop person, that takes a lot of time in post. I get away with few minutes edits because I do global adjustments and only adjust the the light.
Aldus (Jess): Like they might have another job, or might do different types of photos. You usually end up shooting all weekend and editing all week. Winters are typically slow. It's possible to make another of money of course but it's not any less pressure then any other job. And it alot of cases it's alot more pressure, esspcially if you work with photos of people as opposed to product photography
Bill: Any contact work is like that.
Bill: *contract
Aldus (Jess): Yup
Bill: Con photography specifically is at best extra pocket money. Wouldn’t even call it a part time job, Since you have to pay to be there.
Aldus (Jess): Yea. It really depends on how much they do and how much they make, technically if you make more than $400 on the side after expenses it's supposed to be claimed on your taxes
Afina (Georgia🍀): I wonder how many people actually do that 🤔
Aldus (Jess): Lol probably not very many 😂
Afina (Georgia🍀): Unless photography is your job, I think most people don't
Afina (Georgia🍀): Cause it's just a side job/hobby thing
Aldus (Jess): Yea you can still technically get audited, but it's not likely you will unless the government noticed you making BANK with no explain
Afina (Georgia🍀): Imagine getting audited cause you made 401 dollars and didn't declare it lol
Bill: 60 is a pretty average price for photos, usually 30-60 minutes.
Bill: At 5 shoots that’s only 300 a day.
Bill: I think I’d be aiming to break even, not go positive if I charged.
Bill: I do wonder how much people would pay sometimes though. Because natural light and light editing in post I don’t always have consistent con photo quality but...
Bill: Can’t help but wonder.
Bill: 
Bill: Facebook: *choose a side*
