Nokri (Marisa): Biru with the Jumin stickers
He fite that route the most but really he likes Jumin wow

What’s the secret I gotta know
Bill: I fite?
Bill: We’ve basically established I’m Jumin so...
Aldus (Jess): Hey biru, can I some money? Wanna give me job? Or maybe a spare private island you have lying around?
Bill: ~~I tried to get you a new job~~
Nokri (Marisa): Biru can I pet your cat and also have several thousand dollars too
Nokri (Marisa): Jumin would be that gif 
“It’s only a banana. How much can it cost, $10?”
Aldus (Jess): Biru can I have a job at the company which you own
Aldus (Jess): I have a new product I wanna sell can you let me use your Amazon level distribution service to ship it?
Nokri (Marisa): WAIT JUMIN IS A HORRIBLE PHOTOGRAPHER BIRU Are you saying *youre not a photog???????*
Nokri (Marisa): This is like the best shot he’s taken right
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): There it is jumins work of art
Elfriede (Tom): he jjust is SO excited about his cat
Nokri (Marisa): his phone camera wasn't working so he had to take a selfie picture but didn't move his head in time
Elfriede (Tom): how do i order more than one ticket from zenkai >w>
Elfriede (Tom): hmmm
Elfriede (Tom): oo
Elfriede (Tom): found the button
Elfriede (Tom): it small and almos the same color as the background
Elfriede (Tom): maybe ill put that were under 18 again so they ask us for a gaurdian
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): gotta have those signed papers if you're under 18, can't allow you to be wandering off now
Elfriede (Tom): Jess was like: were.... uhh ... were married.
Nokri (Marisa): did you put you were under 18
Elfriede (Tom): yeah...
Nokri (Marisa): "teenage marriage smh"
Elfriede (Tom): i checkked the button by accident i guess
Elfriede (Tom): last time
Elfriede (Tom): they let us through anyways cuz we were clearly not 18
Nokri (Marisa): ur at least 19
Elfriede (Tom): at least 2
Elfriede (Tom): i have sent zenkai dah muns for dah cheap tickets
Nokri (Marisa): welcome to zenkai inc. pls enjoy your stay
Elfriede (Tom): hmm
Elfriede (Tom): i could have sworn i bought collosal tickets already...
Elfriede (Tom): but i cant find them
Elfriede (Tom): FOUND THEM
Elfriede (Tom): EMAIL PLZ
Elfriede (Tom): it hid them
Elfriede (Tom): i almost bought them again
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~i still havent bought mine thats a problem for future georgia to handle~~
Afina (Georgia🍀): i have bought my katsu ticket tho
Elfriede (Tom): priorities
Nokri (Marisa): i still can't believe how early katsu's early bird ended. it makes sense but i am salty.
Elfriede (Tom): oh wow its over?
Elfriede (Tom): i have not bought those
Afina (Georgia🍀): i bought mine at animenext lmao
Nokri (Marisa): it ended in june
maybe if they have a boot at cce you can get discounted tickets since theyre cheaper at cons!
Afina (Georgia🍀): yeee it was 45 at anext
Elfriede (Tom): oof
Elfriede (Tom): oh wow thats nice
Afina (Georgia🍀): yeee
Afina (Georgia🍀): o wow ok so otakon confirmed for next year, its 20 mins from my internship LMAO
Afina (Georgia🍀): NASA internship is at the goddard space center, which is 20 mins from the walter e washington con center
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~thats on the assumption i get the internship~~
Nokri (Marisa): SPACE COSPLAY
Nokri (Marisa): Bring back 17776 we can cosplay football satellites
Bill: We all crashing at your place then right Georgia. 😏
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): the story of how rwby started
Bill: I didn't think he managed a Hal face.
Bill: Me: *Wow, I know what I'm doing.*
Me: *Who says I'm amateur*
Me: *Oh right.*
Me:*I do.*
Nokri (Marisa): that's a macaroni face
Bill: 
Bill: *Mawisa censored the shoot photos!!!
Nokri (Marisa): w
Nokri (Marisa): what were you doing that had to be censored
Nokri (Marisa): don't tell me i don't want to know
Nokri (Marisa): rhetorical question
Bill: Nothing actually. Flash hadn't recharged.
Aldus (Jess): Why is my chin the strangest thing in existence
Bill: Surprisingly consistent numbers.
Nokri (Marisa): 1
Bill: Meanwhile I took 128 last year lol.
Bill: I just don't do Hall shots anymore.
Nokri (Marisa): oooo. i think i was averaging 4000 or so pictures per con before i left (that's everything so like 3-4 pics of the same thing, hall shots and meetups). it's just not worth taking as many pictures at big events in japan because of how differently it's done, i barely took two hundred at comiket.
Nokri (Marisa): over all 3 days
Bill: tldr japan cosplay sucks for some reason.
Bill: I can hit 4000 on a full con weekend, raw count. It's been declining as I do more private than group shoots.
Nokri (Marisa): it's good, they have a ton more resources here for it. i bought ranka's seikan hikou outfit for $20 today ~~but it's missing the sleeeeeves ahhh I gotta make those tomorrow~~
but photography is just meh. you can see in my mari pics there's always people in the background, and you have to line up to get a picture
Bill: right, cosplay *photography* sucks.
Nokri (Marisa): yee. the act itself is super easy. 
they have stores just for wigs, just for makeup, just for props, it's great. lashinbang still has that fake violin too hnnng
Nokri (Marisa): looking at hand placements for violin stuff doesn't help so i'm just gonna figure out the mystic mess theme by ear on my violin when i'm at home and hope there's enough time to practice it a decent amount before katsu
Nokri (Marisa): uugh i dunno what to bring to katsucon there are so many options
definitely ray
i really really want katarina so def her especially for the ball
Bill: yasss Katarina.
Aldus (Jess): Ray 💖
Aldus (Jess): Which song are you learning?
Aldus (Jess): You probs told me this already but my memory is garbage
Nokri (Marisa): i might do the mystic mess theme, i'm better with fast songs because i'm too impatient oops
Nokri (Marisa): i did that taiko game with buri today and easy mode was too lame so i went for hard oops
Nokri (Marisa): i have literally never played violin before so something with a melody that i'm used to will be easiest
Aldus (Jess): Like the "Mysterious messages"? Song?
Nokri (Marisa): yee. the "I JUST GOT YOUR MESSAGES" thing
Nokri (Marisa): oo this
maybe this will help a bit
i can use this for my flute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGI2JnsZFxo
Aldus (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): ohh i have to do akko too right?
Aldus (Jess): 😮 are u in a group?
Nokri (Marisa): biru said andru was gonna cosplay andrew
Nokri (Marisa): is that still happenin do you know what day that'll be
Nokri (Marisa): it's no problem if it is that's why i'm askin' now
Nokri (Marisa): i could probably do katarina and akko on the same day because brunettes
Aldus (Jess): I only know I'mma try to do suit saeran. That's my only plan for katsy so far 😅
Nokri (Marisa): SUIT SAERAN WOO
Nokri (Marisa): black suit?
Nokri (Marisa): i should find out if meg and flora are doing fire emblems
Bill: I highly doubt Andrew has thought about Katsu.
Aldus (Jess): I was thinking yea and then you as ray and Tom as unknown
Nokri (Marisa): that should occupy his every thought
Nokri (Marisa): WOOO
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Aldus (Jess): And we can get coo pics <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus (Jess): You and me can fight ✊
Nokri (Marisa): yay but also aww
Nokri (Marisa): ARM WRESTLING
Nokri (Marisa): oo saeran and ray are kind of like monokuma and monomi. at a photoshoot once a monokuma got really into it and literally pulled my wig off i was like "i appreciate ur enthusiam but pls don't literally fight me"
Elfriede (Tom): Oo ye that sounds hard to play
Nokri (Marisa): i'll try and figure it out somehow yolo
Aldus (Jess): I promise I won't actually fight you
Aldus (Jess): Actually that's smart for packing cuz Tom could probably wear the suit to the formal. 🤔  gotta see where the chain attachs tho
Nokri (Marisa): this'll be me at katsu lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rh_718Eaz14
Aldus (Jess): ~~are you being sarcastic~~
Nokri (Marisa): ~~no i'm gonna suck i've literally never played violin <:lenny:395307171539189760> ~~
if i'm really bad i'll just pose with the violin, but i intend to practice before the con. maybe i won't be able to do the whole song oops
Nokri (Marisa): i played mary has a little lamb maybe
Aldus (Jess): You can do it!
Nokri (Marisa): i can bring my flute if you really want musical accompanyment i can def play flute
Nokri (Marisa): harmonica ray
Aldus (Jess): Lmfao
Aldus (Jess): Whenever I hear harmonical I imaging like a bunch of bearded dudes around a campfire hearing beans out of a car.
Nokri (Marisa): that's it that's katsucon
Aldus (Jess): And then just insert ray into that scene
Nokri (Marisa): holding a little flower
Nokri (Marisa): that's the after ending
Nokri (Marisa): rfa camping dlc when
Aldus (Jess): OMG lmfao
Aldus (Jess): I'm litterally cracking up 😂
Nokri (Marisa): jumin's never seen a can before
Nokri (Marisa): "don't you feed your cat?"
"yes. the chef buys fish from her at the port every day."
Nokri (Marisa): seven makes yoosung paranoid about bears
jumin is like "that's ridiculous. assistant kang, print out a report on bear attacks."
jaehee is like "with what computer there is no printer here"
Elfriede (Tom): WHAT BABE
Nokri (Marisa): the babe with the power
Aldus (Jess): What did I miss?
Elfriede (Tom): Bearded dude hurling beans out of a car I suppose <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): What no not out a car they are around a camo fore
Aldus (Jess): Oh shit I can't spell
Aldus (Jess): It's supposed to say eating beans out of a can
Elfriede (Tom): No no leave itt
Aldus (Jess): 😭
Elfriede (Tom): Out of a car sounds that much more redneck
Aldus (Jess): Jumin would be be guy who agrees to go camping and pulls up in the state of the art mobile home while the rest of the members bring tents and smores
Nokri (Marisa): he misunderstands the point of camping and has resort villas built on the spot ahead of time
Elfriede (Tom): Man baby powers go
Aldus (Jess): Probably
Aldus (Jess): did we go to CCE firday last year?
Aldus (Jess): or thursday?
Elfriede (Tom): I think Fri? I don't remember
Bill: Friday.
Aldus (Jess): ooo ok that makes more sence
Aldus (Jess): i was remembering wanting to cosplay the day we got there but i couldnt fathom why i wanted to cosplay on a thursday XD
Aldus (Jess): going down thursday will be nice so we can get some water park time without cosplay
Bill: mhmm.
Elfriede (Tom): Ye
