Elfriede (Tom): That is amazing ❤
Elfriede (Tom): <@!228287793099440128>
Dave: i try sometimes
Aldus (Jess): <@!184437198865563648>  sheraton room block opens monday at noon now
Bill: I saw, thanks for the update.
Bill: Not sure if I like that more or less.
Bill: I'm also going to still call Sunday morning and see if I can get away with it.
Aldus (Jess): at least they didnt make it a day earlier XD
Bill: TRU
Nokri (Marisa): there's a cosplay event at tokyo dome city this weekend i'm considering going to. but maybe not. i overheard some girls at school talking about going to kamakura and i might steal their plans.
Aldus (Jess): what kamakura? 😮
Nokri (Marisa): oo it's south of tokyo. i went there once, it's got a famous hiking route and lots of old temples, and enoshima is a nearby island
one of the most famous things there is this buddha but there are way bigger buddha elsewhere in the country
Aldus (Jess): WHOA thats really cool
Aldus (Jess): omw
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH COME WITH ME
if u come we can do both tdc and kamakura <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus (Jess): i wish
Aldus (Jess): that would be sweet
Elfriede (Tom): OH IVE SEEN THAT
Elfriede (Tom): How I saw it was funny tho
Elfriede (Tom): I was randomly.clicking around Japan in Google Earth looking for.photo hotspots
Nokri (Marisa): YOOO
tom's already been to kamakura
Nokri (Marisa): did you find any good hotspots
Nokri (Marisa): i've been trying to think of places in jersey that would make good photoshoot locations but idk man
Bill: I've got a map of those.
Nokri (Marisa): that one quaker house but unless you're one of the trained reenactors they don't let u touch the stuffs
oo what's on the map
Bill: http://www.thelittlethingswemiss.us/article/2018/02/27/photoshoot-map.html
Nokri (Marisa): eyy
Nokri (Marisa): fancy color coding
Nokri (Marisa): *because what are we, animals?*
Nokri (Marisa): why those churches in particular?
Bill: Haven't been to most of them. Not sure where you're talking about.
Bill: Color coding is for knowing which charge and which dont.
Nokri (Marisa): there was a church but it was way south like down the shore. then i clicked on a park and thought it was a church because of the preview image.
Nokri (Marisa): i could probably ask sofia to get us borrow her restaurant before it opens thursday of animenext or at some time people are around atlantic city/margate
Nokri (Marisa): assuming they have no events
Bill: Ooooh, I remember that. I saw it from the taxi when I was in AC January. I thought it looked cool is all.
Nokri (Marisa): ooo
Nokri (Marisa): rowan used to have a bunch of retro stuff around, didn't it. or did it get torn down.
Nokri (Marisa): look biru it's you
also you're yoga apparently
Bill: There's Williamstown down the road from Rowan.
Bill: I own it.
Nokri (Marisa): wow that's amazing
so many photoshoots to do there
Nokri (Marisa): what did tommy and elizabeth do
Aldus (Jess): ~~cant belive tom stole jumins cat wtf~~
Nokri (Marisa): the historical section of haddonfield always has a really nice christmas setup. like peddler's village but it's actually a residential-y area and the whole street is lit up
Nokri (Marisa): ~~actually, wouldn't bunce make a really good photoshoot location~~
Bill: For what?
Nokri (Marisa): a photoshoot <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: like, what kind of characters.
Nokri (Marisa): academic characters, european/fantasy world characters, old fashioned or roman-esque characters
Nokri (Marisa): characters that'd sit in a park
Bill: Bunce has that god awful trapazoid desks, that'd look weird for japanese styles class. Big windows would help though. 

Fantasy... maybe the main steps? ditto for old fashion and roman. I dunno if there's much outside the steps for the old time feel. It's a old building, but the interior has been pretty modern.
Nokri (Marisa): o i didn't think we'd be allowed inside. *the trapezoid desks*. ah memories.
ye the main steps are basically where the party's at yehaw
Bill: You don't still have your rowan ID?
Nokri (Marisa): i do
Bill: Me and Andoru do, we can sneak on easy peasy.
Nokri (Marisa): do those still work
Bill: probably not, but a security guy won't complain.
Bill: Also, until we start to look like 30 year olds no one will question us around a college. It's college.
Bill: Like, anytime we went to princeton no one even stopped to look at us.
Nokri (Marisa): nothing unusual about nerds in costume
Bill: Every college has an anime club after all.
Nokri (Marisa): show up at the archeological dig for cosplay
Nokri (Marisa): miraculous ladybug shoot at the egyptology section of penn's museum
hide behind the sarcophagus
ladybug shoving adrien inside a priceless artifact
Bill: Kurtis DID cosplay Jurassic park.
Bill: MOOD
Nokri (Marisa): if y'all ever come to wildwood it's got stuff. arcades. amusement parks. beach.
Nokri (Marisa): an aquarium would be cool. they let cosplayers into the aquarium on acosta days.
Nokri (Marisa): also i know ur favorite retro place is shutting down ye? but wildwood is super retro and there's one place called the Doo Wop Experience
Nokri (Marisa): oh there's also an airplane museum with lots of military planes
Bill: Blue Chatterbox!
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): omg a few years ago during the kite festival they had a life-sized Toothless kite flying around to promote the httyd movie. a hiccup cosplay would've been perfect
Bill: Speaking of locations.
Bill: https://www.onlyinyourstate.com/new-jersey/best-fall-foliage-nj/ <@!245270932602486784>
Afina (Georgia): Fuck yeah fall
Bill: Half of those are by you, and high point near us.
Aldus (Jess): IVE BEEN TO THE DOO WOP PLACE
Aldus (Jess): many moons ago
Aldus (Jess): i was like 7
Aldus (Jess): ~~and weighed 900 pounds~~
