Bill: You could @ her.
Bill: I don’t think she looks at this anymore.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): @_@
Bill: Oof Katsu costs.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Only five people in room?
Bill: I'm estimating 4 people staying 4 nights, and 5 people staying 3.'
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): O so 9 people in two rooms? Nine can fit in one room <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): I can’t math
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Seven
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Wait
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Nine
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): MATH SUCKS
Bill: 9 people, two rooms, we don't sardine pack Marisa.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): That’s weird
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): How do you have four people in a room for a con that’s so empty 🙀
Bill: The sussex locals don't travel there and the rest of the Rowan bois don't either.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Who they?
Bill: Locals are Justin and Rayna. Rowan bois are John and Aaron.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): (who they)
Aldus (Jess): justin is our mine and toms friend from college, rayna is his gf, and also our friend
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): (I’m just pulling legs here and not being serious) bUT 9 people in a room is hardly sardine packing. 11 maybe. But nine is fine.
Bill: Wait.
Bill: You were never serious about putting 9 people in a room?
Bill: Like, in the past.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): No that’s real. Nine is the average usually.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): That’s why I’m shocked
Aldus (Jess): mawisa i room pack master, i am room pack bb ~~i hate room packing and get really overwhelmed with everyones stuff everywhere~~
Aldus (Jess): ~~or room last year was 7 people and that was like my max~~
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Jess that just means we need *more room packing*
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Plus we’ll have a balcony. That can fit like three more people.
Aldus (Jess): 😭
Bill: I won't put 7 in unless three people are sharing a single bed.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): How many did Courtney’s room have for Otakon? All I remember about that is the annoying aldus cosplayer
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): How about four to a bed
Aldus (Jess): lmao
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Courtney’s room had 7 or 8 maybe per room
Bill: Not the time we were there.
Bill: 6 a piece.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): orly
should have combined for 12 to a room smh
Bill: alright I bought my tickets to everything. Geekdom ANYC and Katsu.
