Nokri (Marisa): imagine anime wrestling but the attendees are allowed to just enter willy nilly and beat each other up in a free for all
Nokri (Marisa): WOAH how did we miss THIS trainwreck???
Nokri (Marisa): reportedly, a group called Geeks 5 Ever had some panels scheduled, but they were unable to make it to the convention and cancelled several weeks prior. There was a miscommunication somewhere and the panels were never taken off the schedule. So somehow, a dude in full nazi attire took over the fanfiction panel by pretending to be in charge of it and made all sorts of horrible jokes and did the stuff in the above image.

whatever staff member who was notified first handled it totally wrongly by saying they couldn't do anything about it. they might've been new, or a gopher, or a different department but even if they didn't know what to do they didn't get the training necessary to contact the right people who *could* stop it.

the guy wasn't even kicked out of the con, just asked to change.
Nokri (Marisa): also after this, journalists started doing investigations into anime matsuri and found it was run by a bunch of people with sexual assault charges. what a goldmine.
Aldus (Jess): What the fuck
Nokri (Marisa): this was months ago how did it manage to fly under the radar
Aldus (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Elfriede (Tom): Woww2w
Elfriede (Tom): Registered for katsu
Aldus (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Maybe I’ll do my ticket buying in Armonk.
Bill: The fuck is it about Texas?
Nokri (Marisa): the hats
Nokri (Marisa): con: friend is making me go to a chiba cosplay event on the same day as the telecom cosplay event
pro: more people will go to the telecom event so maybe acosta will be less crowded? the chiba center has a lot of nice backdrops which would be great to use if it's not crowded.
Nokri (Marisa): on archive there are 111 people saying they're going to telecom and 60 saying theyre going to chiba a! so that's neat i guess
Nokri (Marisa): come and pose inside the **c o l o r f u l b o x e s**
Aldus (Jess): texas has affordable living
Aldus (Jess): also i wanna take pics in da boxes!
Nokri (Marisa): 707 in a box
Aldus (Jess): PLZ
Aldus (Jess): im already half ready
Nokri (Marisa): tickets are on sale until thursday u have time
Aldus (Jess): 
Aldus (Jess): OMW
Nokri (Marisa): i have artistic inspiration and bedtime in 6 minutes what do i draw
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH YOU'RE READY
Nokri (Marisa): I'M BUYING A RED WIG WE CAN SHARE IT
Aldus (Jess): YEA WHOOO
Aldus (Jess): halfway to work i was like "im wearing half a cosplay, neat"
