Elfriede (Tom) ♍: They are still going but nah
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Other side of dah. Big.room and it's a like too lit to waltz over
Nokri (Marisa): Selfie stick shot with Elias and his chises in the waaaay background because the selfie stick is like 30 feet in the air
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Hahaha yesssss
Nokri (Marisa): Can someone provide deets on the fire alarm
Nokri (Marisa): Did the rave catch on fire
Nokri (Marisa): acosta opens at 10 and i'll probably be ready to leave the changing room by like 10:20 or 10:30 but it depends on if the people around me are done and i'm able to get out
but that's like 9:30pm your time so if anyone is free at 10:00pm or later your time we can international cosplay party
Bill: Will do. Though plans rave, so the party might just be everyone frantically waving at the screen.
Nokri (Marisa): that's still a party <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> <:weiss_dab:453322434100068373>
Bill: You right
Nokri (Marisa): i lied in bne i'm not going to bed yet i'm wild an untameable i'm gonna watch ice cream videos on youtube
Aldus (Jess): 🎉 party!
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Dave and I are up, if the other room is awake.
Aldus (Jess): I'm up, Justin and Rayna are up, Georgia is semi up, and Tom is still sleeping
Nokri (Marisa): get woke tom
Aldus (Jess): I'm in the bathroom tho
Nokri (Marisa): are your rooms connected
Nokri (Marisa): y'all it's like 9am why isn't everyone up and at 'em
Aldus (Jess): Yea they connect
Aldus (Jess): How early you wake up at cons Mawisa?
Nokri (Marisa): omg biru you have to burst through the door while playing that song
[muffled music on the other side of the door]
some BODY ONCE TOLD ME
[biru comes crashing in]
Nokri (Marisa): depends. if i'm scheduled to work, around 7 or 7:30. if not maybe like 8? 8:30 at the absolute latest there's a con to go to
Aldus (Jess): Georgias alarm is Mr brighside I wonder how many more times I'll hear the first line if the sing this morning
Aldus (Jess): 😮😮
Aldus (Jess): Whoa
Nokri (Marisa): does she keep hitting snooze :3c
Aldus (Jess): Ye
Nokri (Marisa): at cons you should only get like 5 or 6 hours of sleep
Nokri (Marisa): and then you take a day off after the con to hibernate
Nokri (Marisa): i had an 8am class once the day after a con. it sucked.
Nokri (Marisa): when biru crashed through the door to smash mouth please record it
Bill: That part isn’t happening.
Nokri (Marisa): yet.
Nokri (Marisa): dave if biru doesn't do it you have to
Nokri (Marisa): you must be the one
Dave: I don't have a physical body to open things...
Nokri (Marisa): that's ok we can work this out.
time it with biru so that at exactly the right point in the music he flings open the door and you go parading through
Nokri (Marisa): jess the next time georgia wakes up please whisper "hewwo" very gently at her. i wish to say greetings but also it's early and i don't want to disturb the fine balance between wake and sleep.
Nokri (Marisa): i will pay you in gifts sometime in the next year
Bill: Yeah they aren’t like, awake awake.
Nokri (Marisa): that's why it ought to be whispered softly. they should question whether they actually heard it or if it was a dream.
Nokri (Marisa): maybe this whole chat is a dream.
Bill: Nah, I got up at 8:20.
Nokri (Marisa): biru knows how to con
Nokri (Marisa): they should call you biru the conman
Bill: The current popular term seems to be Con Dad. (Though Jess says absolutely not Con *Daddy*.)
Aldus (Jess): Oh she's up now!
Nokri (Marisa): w o k e
Aldus (Jess): Everyone up up now Sept Tom
Nokri (Marisa): time to bust out the whipped cream
Aldus (Jess): NVM he up Justin gave him his hammer
Nokri (Marisa): woke x2
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> pretty sure steam dumpling is over here.
Bill: What the fuuuuuccccckkkkk is with shoot runners trying to direct shoots todayyyyy?
Atalantia Enneka (Allison): Anyone else on line for a JYB autograph? Lol

I'm a lonely soul
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: I'd love one but ehhhh didn't head over, too busy TwT
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Oo and muneys
Atalantia Enneka (Allison): Ah I feel it
