Nokri (Marisa): has this been posted
Nokri (Marisa): o someone did a super cute beach akko
Nokri (Marisa): and there was a **double engagement** at the cells at work photoshoot? where two couples proposed at the same time. con proposals gettin out of hand
Bill: Oh, I think I saw that Akko. Tres kawaii.
Nokri (Marisa): tfw ur the first cosplayer to arrive at an event
Bill: Katsu at 7am.
Bill: > attempts to get rooms transferred to the room block for next 2 hours early.
Nokri (Marisa): how's that workin' for ya
Bill: Group reservations chick *definitely* has had a few people call her already.
Bill: "Nope, wait till 12, thanks, bye"
Bill: Now to try central.
Bill: *woooow*
Bill: Central reservations is hanging up as soon as I get the person.
Nokri (Marisa): wot
Nokri (Marisa): did you even say anything or did the person just hang up?
Bill: The hold music stops, dial tone, then hang up.
Bill: =/
Bill: Called in house reservations again to ask about it, and they said nothing is wrong. Sounds like the same woman too, whiiiich means unless I can get through to central I have to deal with her later and she sounds like a hardass.
Aldus (Jess): oof
Bill: Marriott merger ain't coming in clutch either.
Bill: so we wait.
Bill: sigh.
Bill: Anyone desk jobbing, watch for the block code to go up on Next's social media. I can try and do it online if I get stuck in a queue on the phone.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm organizing kitkats but i'm good at refreshing stuff
Aldus (Jess): i have notifications on
Bill: as it gets closer refresh the page every so often.
Bill: I hate most SNS notifications. They have too many hidden stipulations, they stop if you get too many at once, or they only notify to your tablet and not your computer, etc.
Bill: If I want spam, I want *spam*.
Nokri (Marisa): u guys want some alcoholic kitkats
i've eaten most of what i collected because my sister only wants one of each but I'm not eating any of the ones with alcohol so i have many alcoholic kitkats
Bill: course!
Nokri (Marisa): oki. they're mostly rum raisin that's super popular for some reason.
Nokri (Marisa): and sake
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Aldus (Jess): that sound tasty
Nokri (Marisa): the one i'm holding is rum raisin, almond, and cranberries. fancy kitkat. the choclate berry almond one is pretty good so i assume this is like that
Bill: Tried central again, still hangs up on you.
Nokri (Marisa): time to file a complaint
Bill: With any luck it'll trip other people up so we get our rooms without issue.
Bill: and yet another con with a shitshow for booking.
Bill: start watching for that damn code.
Bill: Why does Next want me to hate it *so* much.
Nokri (Marisa): if u get a ping from me here don't even read it just go go go
Nokri (Marisa): unless there's a code involved then i'll include that unless you saw it already then just gog og o go
Bill: Got through too soon.
Bill: This is annoying as hell.
Bill: *How do you line up early for a phone call*
Bill: Mawisa use your connections to get us rooms earlyyyy
Nokri (Marisa): ええーーーーーーーーーーーーー
i can get you uhhhh the budget graph of how much money zenkai keeps in reserve in case something goes horribly wrong
not rooms tho rip
Aldus (Jess): lmao
Nokri (Marisa): it is funny seeing a hotel bedroom turned into a buffet because that's how staff gets their sustenance
Nokri (Marisa): the green thing on animenext's banner is making me really uncomfortable especially because it has a fork
Nokri (Marisa): WHY IS IT SO DIFFERENT ON FACEBOOK
Nokri (Marisa): are they different creatures
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): OH NO
Aldus (Jess): thats horrifying
Nokri (Marisa): it reminds me of ranka's cell phone
Nokri (Marisa): <@!184437198865563648> it's up
Nokri (Marisa): More
Sheraton room block for 2019 is taking reservations NOW! https://www.starwoodmeeting.com/Book/animenext2019 … 

Booking by phone? Call 888-627-7212 and ask to book for AnimeNEXT 2019
Aldus (Jess): mawisa beat me
Nokri (Marisa): sorry you can punch me in revenge i'll brace myself for it and cover myself in foam armor with a hard outer shell to protect me and even if it makes things worse when i tumble down at least it'll give me a false sense of security
Bill: alright, I booked twice.
Bill: Tried to do deluxe, that didn't fire.
Bill: And the first one some how didn't require an *email* so I have no idea what the confirmation number is.
Nokri (Marisa): it'll come to you in a dream
Aldus (Jess): oof thats weird, at least u got it tho
Bill: > calls 
> hey, don't transfer me to the central reservations line which keeps hanging up on me
> OK, sorry about that, hold on
> *90% sure I just got transferred to central res*
Nokri (Marisa): he's got it
yeah baby he's got it

sounds fishy
Bill: we're set.
Bill: 249 with taxes.
Bill: Same as last year.
Aldus (Jess): WHOS ON DA LIST
Bill: what list?
Nokri (Marisa): the hit list
Nokri (Marisa): tell us
Aldus (Jess): da guest lst
Bill: Dunno. Usually suspects I assume.
Bill: Suddenly feel like I should have booked a third though.
Aldus (Jess): it sold out allready 😭
Elfriede (Tom): Which con dis for?
Aldus (Jess): next
Bill: Next.
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao
Bill: Yeah, everything but Kings.
Bill: Though techically I just released two rooms so...
Bill: Three *is* sort of overkill tho.
Bill: ~~Even if I did it for Zenkai~~
Aldus (Jess): ok so we have:
2 rooms for Katsu
3 for Zenkia
2 for Next and 
hopefully 1 big one for CCE?
Bill: and 2 rooms for Ota.
Aldus (Jess): THATS THE OTHER ONE
Aldus (Jess): i knew tere was one more
Bill: Suite king rooms though, with a sofabed.
Bill: *They moved the damn opening date*
Aldus (Jess): yeaaaa thats right
Bill: Once CCE is booked we're lit for next year.
Aldus (Jess): so king could hold like 3 people? and 2 on the sofa, so 10 peeps?
Bill: suite. can probably hold the usual 6.
Nokri (Marisa): i can fit under a table
Aldus (Jess): yea if they slepe on floor i guess
Nokri (Marisa): dibs on under the table at next
Aldus (Jess): mawisa no
Nokri (Marisa): but it's roomier than most underneath hotel desks do u wanna fight for it
Bill: King suite should suppose air mattress, king, and sofa. That’s 6. I think Jakes room was the same type.
Aldus (Jess): nah jakes was like a penthouse
Aldus (Jess): cuz it had like 2 separate bedrooms
Nokri (Marisa): omg the desk is an actual table you could fit like 3 people under there
Nokri (Marisa): in a king
Aldus (Jess): what hotel are we at for ota?
Nokri (Marisa): the renaissance? i think? is that right
Bill: I’ll check when I get back.
Bill: Embassy suites?
Bill: Hilton.
Nokri (Marisa): oh embassy i think i looked in the yeah that's totally what i said
Nokri (Marisa): oo it has a pool
Aldus (Jess): 👀
Nokri (Marisa): and a gym omg we can recreate that anime song on a treadmill
Nokri (Marisa): catch me in the gym at 3am with a gopro trying to recreate this but with the original character
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0xPiguIBvc
Bill: Embassy suites con center ye.
Aldus (Jess): dis weird shapy boi?
https://embassysuites3.hilton.com/resources/media/es/WASCCES/en_US/img/hotel/roomtypeimages/main/ES_3dplan001_386x310_FitToBoxSmallDimension_Center.jpg
Bill: don't... think so?
Bill: maybe.
Bill: Otakon's portal sucks.
Bill: The Jessies got to the Sheraton as well.
Aldus (Jess): o we gonna be on same floor again
Bill: lol
Bill: That'd be something.
Bill: Next has a limited RWBY fam presence tho.
Bill: Tried Kalahari again. This girl told me that the contract isn't finalized for group rates.
Bill: Maybe CCE is trying to get more discounts for the sunday trouble?
