Nokri (Marisa): Hoo boy what’s happening with momokun this time
Nokri (Marisa): oh people are saying she's a molester now
Bill: Yeee. I saw some of that shitshow.
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah that
Nokri (Marisa): oo reportedly she lost a bunch of sponsorships and AnimeExpo revoked her badge and dealer booth
Aldus (Jess): yea some people came forward about her touching them inappropriately like pulling up their skirts stuff like that. one of her friends nanabear i think it was? quit cosplay for a because of momo  making her feel uncomfortable. momo is blaming it on her ADHD, and people have said that momo gets ADHD meds and sells them
Aldus (Jess): how much is true? i have no idea
Nokri (Marisa): oooooooooooooooooh noooooooooooo
there was a picture on instagram of a dragon maid swimsuit shoot where momokun is literally pulling the other girl's swimsuit bottom. one of the commenters said "the entire shoot is like this they're both messing with each other" and saying it's mutual but they didn't provide sauce for that so the molestation accusation seems right on the money atm

I know she's done a ton of bad stuff in the past
Aldus (Jess): yea shes got a BAD record. the drug sales thing is the thing im like hmmmm on just cuz ive one seen one person mention it
Aldus (Jess): ill see if i can find the nanabear statement
Aldus (Jess): https://scontent-lga3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/36927765_1765634516824921_1849624547876143104_n.jpg?_nc_cat=0&oh=9127876e00446aca9171f5d20b2c819e&oe=5BE4A287
Nokri (Marisa): THAT'S HORRIBLE
Aldus (Jess): yea so overall shes a shit person
Nokri (Marisa): all the people that defend her are just "you're just angry because she's fat"
and when people say "why can't you guys appreciate non-horrible plus-sized cosplayers" the white knights start the harassment
Elfriede (Tom): Oof
Aldus (Jess): lmao that has nothing to do with it
Aldus (Jess): like wtf so if she was skinny then the community would let her get away with it or???
Aldus (Jess): glad her animeexpo badge got revoked
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah I don’t get how they’re praising her for loving her body when she encourages people to get liposuction
Aldus (Jess): YUPPP
Aldus (Jess): and then telling her "friend" shed look better with lipo like fuck you
Elfriede (Tom): Also how she took lipo and said she didnt
Nokri (Marisa): And it’s not a secret that she has it her body type is impossible naturally. Her stomach is flatter than mine
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): is this what fame does to people
Elfriede (Tom): 😱
Aldus (Jess): yea that body is like impossible
Nokri (Marisa): Assemble voltron around Georgia she must be protec
Aldus (Jess): YES
Afina (Georgia🍀): 😇
