Afina (Georgia🍀): Alright Hal and I are daytripping Saturday of Otakon
Bill: Yeah we’re not doing it from the looks of it.
Aldus (Jess): I don't think so ☹️ I want too I a sense but it'll be really expensive ugh I'm still conflicted
Bill: As do I... and I realize there’s a city day for IBM Thursday and getting out of that is more sketch than I’d like...
Aldus (Jess): Ah yeah. Ughhh 😭
Bill: So it’d have to be a Friday morning, which is cheaper but rougher cause of the distance...
Bill: I’m usually the enabler around here but I need like, a co enabler on this one.
Bill: Sigh.
Aldus (Jess): Like I wanna go one min and the next I dont and then I do and sizbuabfkjr
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~day trip~~
Bill: I think you’ll manage to have fun without us though Georgia.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Yeah I somehow managed with RTX
Aldus (Jess): It's a 6+ hr drive
Bill: That’s a 4 hour one way day trip stupid.
Bill: “Somehow”
Afina (Georgia🍀): I'll still be counting the days til CCE tho 😭
Aldus (Jess): Oh I though it was 6 opps probably is with traffic
Aldus (Jess): I'll make you a deal, get Marisa there and I'll go 😂
Bill: Yeah, plus the extra time to where I start.
Bill: Doing the weekend doesn’t bug me, and springing the case is doable.
Bill: It’s the trip versus time there. Leaving Friday morning early, driving to get there in the afternoon has us with half of Friday, Saturday, and half of Sunday.
Bill: Which... honestly isn’t terrible.
Aldus (Jess): What time would we leave Friday morning
Bill: Depending on dead I feel Friday. But cons have a way of energizing.
Bill: Piss early.
Aldus (Jess): Like 3? 4?
Aldus (Jess): I want to go. But it's a terrible decision
Elfriede (Tom): It is doable but a terrible decision financially
Aldus (Jess): Ye
Elfriede (Tom): Plus we've done alot of cons this year
Elfriede (Tom): For us anywayd
Aldus (Jess): Ugh my heart says yolo and mm and my brain say you dumb ass
Elfriede (Tom): And while I'm like YEAH CON I'm also not attached at all for any reason to go to ota
Elfriede (Tom): Like I wouldn't be hype but I'm sure I'd have a good time
Bill: No, actually... it’s actually flat four hours from me.
Bill: So 7 would have us there lunch time.
Aldus (Jess): With no traffic yea
Afina (Georgia🍀): >w>
Afina (Georgia🍀): I gotta figure out what to wear
Bill: Maps includes traffic, but true, I didn’t have it set for morning commute.
Bill: Still, 7 isn’t that bad. Hell, better than my work commute.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Lmao tru
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~grinds out A2 in three days~~
Bill: Most events we’d do Friday will be past noon.
Bill: And we’d save 200 bucks by not staying over Thursday.
Bill: More, including parking cost.
Bill: It’d be way more worth it than liberty city anime con. That’s for sure.
Bill: >.>
Aldus (Jess): are you volunteering to drive?
Bill: Yeah.
Aldus (Jess): what hotel?>
Bill: Not even with the fact I usually do, I owe Tom for Katsu.
Bill: I thought I found a room in the Henley park hotel. Right nearby.
Bill: It’s not a chain, but good enough reviews to try it.
Bill: I’d have to call to be 100 sure.
Bill: 100%.
Bill: Don’t want to book and find out it a king.
Bill: >.>
Bill: Do I?
Aldus (Jess): from Home (101 Signal Hill Trail)
to The Henley Park Hotel, 926 Massachusetts Ave NW, Washington, DC 20001


3 h 50 min - 5 h 10 min
Bill: Mhmm.
Bill: As long as I’m not alone in the car I can do a long trip.
Aldus (Jess): watch i go, and i cant even get in the MM panel
Bill: You WILL have to wait on line forever.
Bill: Lineacon.
Aldus (Jess): wonder how early
Aldus (Jess): wonder how much autographs are 🤔
Aldus (Jess): im so undecided
Aldus (Jess): im like 60% on going toms like 40
Bill: The listing was off for that hotel. They have no two bed rooms, though they have a suite for 20 more with a sofa bed/sofa.
Aldus (Jess): well just all sleep together
Aldus (Jess): tfw no MM photoshoot
Aldus (Jess): would have to wear cosplay down there too
Bill: Might be able to do the connecting hotel, for 300 a night.
Aldus (Jess): eh 3 mins isnt bad
Aldus (Jess): its  3 min walk
Aldus (Jess): hmmm badge pick up too
Bill: No, but given room availability.
Aldus (Jess): there still rooms in the concenter?
Aldus (Jess): how?
Aldus (Jess): cancellations?
Bill: Ota doesn’t buy everything.
Bill: And the original block rate would have been lower, likely.
Aldus (Jess): ooooo ok so still 2 hundred per person per night?
Bill: The con center is 300 a night.
Bill: The other one was...
Bill: 229 for the suite, 199 for 1 bed.
Bill: Actually 179.
Aldus (Jess): but concenter would be be same price as you originally gave for the other place
Aldus (Jess): for 2 beds?
Bill: No.
Aldus (Jess): does the con center have 2 bed or 1?
Bill: 1 for the 300. I need to drive home from the station, give me 10.
Bill: Otakon has this retarded booking portal. Worse than Katsu.
Aldus (Jess): voice call when get home?
Bill: Yeah <@!351471675843411978>
Aldus (Jess): hold on
Aldus (Jess): gotta figure out whats going on
Aldus (Jess): nvm jared just called tom well have to hold off
Bill: I could hear you fine though...
Aldus (Jess): i couldnt hear you and i need toms input
Aldus (Jess): just hold off for now i didnt realise they were gonna start a game
Afina (Georgia🍀): <@!184437198865563648> did you get the confirmation email for RWBY shoot too or just me?
Aldus (Jess): he say no
Afina (Georgia🍀): Okay I'll forward it to him
Afina (Georgia🍀): My phone is in weird times cause I'm in Texas
Afina (Georgia🍀): So I'll confirm shoot times when I'm back in jersey lol
Bill: is there an issue with it?
Afina (Georgia🍀): Nah I just can't tell what the confirmed time is cause my phone is in a different time zone
Afina (Georgia🍀): I won't forward it if you don't wanna, I just figured you'd like to take a peep at it
Bill: it's fine, you can.
