Elfriede of commitment?: <@!301927856240459777> how far are you :3
Elfriede of commitment?: oh, delta rune is an anagram  of UNDERTALE
Elfriede of commitment?: toby you sly debil
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Just meeting the prince, but imma try and get further today or if I can’t I’ll just watch let’s plays of it
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): SUSIE NEEDS TO CHILL
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): gotta get ready for school now but i just passed the checker light up floor and i'm at the forest entrance
Elfriede of commitment?: YE RALSEI
Elfriede of commitment?: Whom name is an anagram of Asriel. So.many anagramss
Elfriede of commitment?: Oh good we're near each other then!
Elfriede of commitment?: I'm only a lil further
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): soft and good boy
Elfriede of commitment?: YE
Elfriede of commitment?: I can't tell if this is supposed to be an AU or the same world
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 🤔 
Given some quotes and things thatve happened I think an AU?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I don’t think anyone knows tho
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): More questions than answers
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): “It recovered... something. Not HP. Just... something.” Mood.
Elfriede of commitment?: Lmaooo
Elfriede of commitment?: Yeeee
Elfriede of commitment?: The log
Elfriede of commitment?: Or stump.salsa
Elfriede of commitment?: It feels like an auto ye, esp since toriel says your brother is away at college and his name is Asriel
Elfriede of commitment?: I think this might only be chapter 1 of the game tbh
Elfriede of commitment?: I love how you have to manage Susie when she's in your party
Elfriede of commitment?: Like stop her from killing people
Bill: RWBY Combat Ready shipped.
Bill: We're going to have to go to Recess and play.
Elfriede of commitment?: Pffft
Bill: Course I have no tracking number so?
Bill: ?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Yeah this is just part one and the Asriel thing stumped me too. 
Susie pls
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Oooo I Do Not like how they talked about that jelly donut
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Tom did you get to the Sweet Boy who needs help
Elfriede of commitment?: I'm at the bake sale still I think
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Oooo gotcha
Elfriede of commitment?: THE THEME RECURRING BAKE SALES FILLS YOU WITH LIGHT
Bill: <@!351785752197201920> (fix your fucking naaaammmmeeeee) http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2018-11-02/umineko-when-they-cry-game-gets-kickstarter-for-english-dub/.138974
Bill: Maybe we'll finally understand the plot if we play the game!
I do what I want(tm): Possibly
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): wow i'm surprised none of the big youtubers have played deltarune yet. it took a long time for them to do undertale but i figured if they already played that they would jump on deltarune
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): tom this is for you
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oo the conspiracy theorists have some really good intel and connections though as to where deltarune fits in
I do what I want(tm): Omgg yess
I do what I want(tm): Omg it's that vine
I do what I want(tm): IS THAT A WEED
I do what I want(tm): I love fluffy boi
I do what I want(tm): I can't figure out where he's supposed to be but I love him
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): a good boi ™
I do what I want(tm): Concentrated good boi
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he has such a smol "voice"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i know they arnt voices but
I do what I want(tm): It his voixccceeee
I do what I want(tm): It's like animal crossing
I do what I want(tm): Like I can hear the sans sounds and know it's him
I do what I want(tm): Uhhh uhhhhuhhuhh uhhhhh uh
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Animalese
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Bill: https://twitter.com/PlayOverwatch/status/1058436526005137408
