Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Chengu landed, running over to the nearest table to grab napkins to start handing to nearby guests. He looked over towards the center of the ballroom and noticed that people were being forced towards the heavier clouds of mist… by Laeran guards!

*That can’t be right…* Chengu thought to himself. He focused his golden eyes on the guards and noticed their eyes were glazed over with mist. Somehow this mist was controlling them, and if he had to guess, they were trying to do the same thing to the other guests. Innocent guests.

Flashbacks to the attack on his home started replaying in his mind. The smoke, the screams, the looks of terror on people’s faces. This triggered something in Chengu that hadn’t happened in a long time. His pupils contracted as his heart began to race, the alien yet familiar sensation of transformation beginning. His clothes began to vanish as his body became bulkier and hairier in a flash of brilliant orange. He let out a scream that morphed into a loud roar until there stood a full tiger, drawing the attention of everyone remaining in the room.

Chengu sprung into action, running towards a group of mis-tified guards dragging innocent guests towards the thick geysers of smoky mist. He pounced, leaping towards them and knocking them back, making sure not to harm anyone in the process. His intention was not to kill the guards, but to just knock them back enough to release their captives, allowing them to escape outside.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Afina stared over the edge of the balcony, surveying the chaos. The attackers were barraging from one side of the ballroom, as party patrons fled to another. The princess had to create as much distance as she could between the hostiles and her party guests. 

Catching the tiger laguz’s pocket square, the princess pressed it over her nose and mouth, while a free hand propped open her spell book. _We have no idea how this mist works, it would be best not to inhale it,_ she thought, hurriedly following her laguz comrade down the stairs. _Though this does make communication a tad difficult._ 

Reaching the ground floor, Afina lifted the cloth from her face. “Everyone! Evacuate through the main door! Cover your faces and we will find you in front of the castle!” she yelled, though the cacophony of screams all but drowned out her voice. Thankfully, the crowd already seemed to be heading in such a direction. 

Afina pushed against the barrage of fleeing attendees to reach those grappling with the misted. The princess spotted one guard dragging a woman by her hair, and a ball of light flashed in Afina’s book. It struck the possessed man, and he reached up to hold his blind, blistering face as the noble woman escaped his grasp with a yelp. Another two guards began to rush the Laeran. In one fluid motion, a blade of light sliced through their torsos, and the misted fell to the ground in convulsions. The princess lowered the cloth from her face to catch a breath, another ball of light gathering in her book as she scanned the room.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A sudden roar broke Afina’s concentration. She turned to find its source, as the room was beginning to empty of party patrons. A flash of orange fur shown above the heads of fleeing guests, and Afina froze. She scarcely dared to breathe, even as her knees gave out beneath her. Afina’s tomes hit the floor with a dull clap, shooting off the ball of light she has conjured into a nearby pillar. The room swayed in front of her, and Afina began to feel a choking nausea in her chest. 

And then he appeared. Brown fur, matted and covered in patches of dark red. Sharp teeth bared and dripping with blood. Thin, white scars where ears should have been. Suddenly the room was empty, just her and the wolf. The princess’ eyes burned with the threat of tears as she watched him straighten and turn towards her. His amber eyes met hers, and the princess could feel a deep, dull pain shoot across her right side. Before she could react, an unknown figure grabbed her arm to shake her from the illusion.

“Come on, we have to go!”
