Aldus Larian (Jess): Aldus looks on incredulously as a young man, who seemed to have been the princess’s companion when they first arrive manhandles her quite roughly.

“I *do not* like him” He notes to Vesper as the pair stand frozen in their previous dancing position. 

He’s about to make a move to intervene when the man starts almost *dragging* the seemingly unwilling princess up the stairs that overlook the dance floor. He watches as the brunette man’s face twists into something dark, something menacing. He listens on as the man prattles on about dark magic and its wonders. 

“What’s he on about?” Vesper asks curiously, not able to hear quite clearly with their human ears. But thankful they have him to relay the message to them. 

“What the-?” The pair of them say in unison as fog beings to drift up from the floor. 

“Breathing this cannot be good.” Aldus laments as he looks frantically around him for options. His eyes settle on the table’s napkins he begins to unravel them unceremoniously, letting silverware clink and clatter to the floor. Vesper seems to understand where his train of thought is going and begins to do the same at another one of the round tables. Together, the duo hand out napkins to the party-goers around them, taking turns to tie on of the thick cloths around their own faces as they go.  Aldus directs others around him to follow suit, he isn't sure how much, if at all this will help but he has to hope.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Afina stared at Kieron in dumbfounded silence. _This absolute imbecile..._ she thought. _Kieron can be dumb, but I didn’t think he would be THAT dumb. I cannot even dignify that with a response._ As the Laeran knight pushed her towards the exit, Afina stopped him in his tracks, eyebrows knit and shoulders tense as she stared at him headlong. Her blue eyes examined his face; Kieron’s expression betrayed no remorse. _And to think, you believe yourself worthy to represent my people in Laeran blue_, she thought, gaze trailing down to the knight’s chest. The princess closed her eyes and sighed, one hand trailing from Kieron’s chest to his shoulders. 

“Kieron, I just… think that…” the princess began, batting her lashes at the dark mage. Kieron raised an eyebrow incredulously, a small smirk playing on his face as he watched the princess. Afina slipped a hand beneath the flowing fabric of her dress, fingers grasping the smooth leather binding of her spellbook strapped to her thigh. The princess giggled lightly, ducking her head away from the knight, whispering a few words under her breath. 

“Yes, Afina?” Kieron inquired, taking a half step forward and trying to peer at the princess’ hidden face. In an instant, a white line appeared between the two Laerans. Kieron’s eyebrows knitted in confusion, before the line condensed into a halo surrounding the traitorous knight. Afina lifted her head to analyze her work, mouth still speaking the foreign words of light magic as she backed away. Kieron’s expression slowly shifted from confused to bewildered, as he fumbled to escape the blast. But he accomplished no such feat. In an instant, a geyser of light swallowed him whole.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A moment later, the light faded, and the knight had been reduced to a kneel, breathing heavily. “I think it is shameful that you dare wear the colors of this nation with pride, traitor,” Afina declared, blue eyes flashing maliciously as her hands grasped her spellbook. “You’ll be tried aptly for your crimes against Laera.” The princess turned her back to the knight, the screams of party guests reverberating off the walls of the stone ballroom. Other geysers of light and fire shot through the air from the chaos of the ballroom. _Master and Mother,_ she thought fondly, before she saw a flash of red on the stairway. The princess stood defensively, one hand grasping an incandescent ball of light.  

Afina relaxed as she recognized the person wandering up the stairway. _My dance partner… he was concerned for my well-being?_ she thought, lowering her hand, the light fizzling out. _He was intelligent enough to surmise that Afina was trying to escape an obnoxious lover. He must have realized that something was awry._ 

“Sir?” Afina asked, peering over at the tiger laguz. She paused only a moment to greet him, before the sound of shuffling feet caught her attention. In a flash of Laeran blue, Kieron stumbled through the second-floor exit and disappeared down a hallway. Afina thought to give him chase, but realized such an endeavor would be futile. She had to focus on the welfare of her party guests. 

Afina exhaled angrily. “He will be caught later. In the meantime, we should turn our attention to the attendees,” she declared, rushing to the bannister. “Do you have any ideas?”
