Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Chengu was hesitant to answer the princess’s question. He did not want to give some sob story about his recent living conditions, nor did he want to blow his cover by not knowing a single thing about the land of Torshan…

Before he could even really conceive a plausible response, he felt an elbow rudely knock him away from his new acquaintance.

“Oi!” Chengu grunted as he saw a man in blue grab the princess by the arm and lead her away. The same man she was clearly trying to avoid. *Something’s not right…* he thought to himself.

Chengu pushed his way through the crowd of people still dancing merrily, eyes locked on the man leading the princess away and up to the balcony. He passed a nearby table a swiped a knife, slipping it up his sleeve, concealing it so as not to look threatening. *Just in case… It’s not much, but better than nothing I guess.*

Suddenly, an ominous mist began pouring up from the floor. Screams started to erupt by the unsuspecting guests. Chengu’s golden eyes darted up to the balcony where he saw the man in blue clearly casting some sort of dark spell. He dashed up the winding staircase, his coattails fluttering behind him as he made his way up to the staircase.

Just as he reached the top, he saw a flash of blinding light. As the light subsided, he saw the princess standing over the man, the man down on his knees, clearly having been hit by that blast. *Wowza!* Chengu thought to himself as he watched a ball of light fade into the princess’s palm.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): She turned and looked at him, his eyes meeting hers for a brief moment before Chengu saw the culprit behind the mist shuffling and scurrying away out the exit. 

“Your highness!” Chengu shouted, pointing behind her, but it was too late. The man was gone. The princess told Chengu not to worry about him but to focus on the guests.

He looked down and saw several people starting to grab napkins to cover their faces as they began to evacuate led by two individuals, one with a snow white ponytail and another with auburn braids. Chengu pointed towards them and looked at the princess, “Those two seem to have the right idea! Let’s follow their lead and get the rest of these people out of here!” He reached into the breast pocket of his jacket with his tail, pulling out the decorative pocket square and tossing it to his royal companion. “Here, take this and follow me,” he said as he covered his mouth and nose with the inside of his elbow and took a few steps back down the stairs before hopping onto the polished railing and sliding the rest of the way down, his coattails rippling behind him as his tail stabilized his balance.
