Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mere minutes after her father had finished addressing the crowd, Afina found herself lingering on the fringes of the gathering, physically present but mentally disengaged. “You seem unenthused,” a familiar voice noted, and Afina turned to see the her mentor, Master Witella, holding a glass of wine. “It does not bode well for your father if you, his daughter, ignore every guest at a dinner devoted to unity between the nations.”

“A naive observation. You assume I want to see everyone that is in attendance today,” Afina remarked, folding her arms, the fabric of her dress rustling as she turned her posture away from him defensively. 

“And yet you approved all invites. Pity.” He paused a moment to take a sip of his drink. “Well, as glad as I am to see you no longer wallowing in your own sadness, do consider the ramifications of what you do today. Beyond whatever personal drama you seem to have accumulated as a result of the Eraia incident.” Master Witella raised the glass to the princess. “Consider this another lesson, I’ll be watching,” he remarked slyly, before sauntering off towards another cluster of congregated nobles. 

Afina pursed her lips. _Master Witella, acting like he knows how a princess should behave_, she thought, grabbing a wine glass from a serving tray as she stalked back towards the center of festivities.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): “Ah, Afina!” a voice proclaimed, grabbing her by the wrist suddenly. With a sharp inhale, Afina froze, wine sloshing over the rim of her glass and dibbling onto the edges of her dress. “My lady, I was just telling our friends of our fox hunting together. We have quite a time, don’t you agree?” the man proclaimed confidently, guiding Afina to his side. 

“Kieron, greetings… yes,” the princess began, startled from the sudden gesture. The knight beamed down at her, dark hair swept back off his forehead, and green eyes vibrant. As his arm draped across her shoulders, Afina noticed the blue and silver in his military vest matched that of her own dress almost too well. _Very subtle, Myrti,_ Afina thought to herself. _Designing clothes for all the nobility and you give us matching outfits, I know your tricks._

Afina smiled and nodded at the crowd in front of them. She recognized the insignias on their chests as those of Torshan. _Of course, that would make sense_, the princess thought. _Kieron Bardolph, son of Lady Bardolph. The councilwoman. From Torshan_. “We have a lovely time, Kieron is quite adept at unifying dark magic and knight training for hunting purposes.”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): “Ah, see! She flatters me. You do, Afina. Anyways.” Kieron started, turning back to his friends to continue the conversation. Afina made a mental note to correct him, _once again_, about addressing superiors with a proper honorific. Afina glanced about the room as Kieron prattled on, watching as the orchestra approached the end of their first song, and scanning the crowd of dancers. Some nobles locked together in an intimate embrace, while others, meeting for the first time, danced with an energetic nervousness. The dancers separated and clapped lightly as the first song concluded. And then Afina saw a flash of purple. _Only an Eraian would wear that shade of purple to this dinner, which means that--._

“Ah pardon us, friends. In my haste, it seems I have ruined the princess’ dress with wine. We shall return shortly,” Kieron proclaimed to the Torshan nobles, before steering Afina towards the ballroom exit. 

“Excuse me, I-- wait a moment!” Afina protested, setting her wine glass down on a nearby table and turning to face the noble. “Kieron, you are quite nice, and I appreciate all the help you have been in the wake of my troublesome journey, but I must insist--.” The princess hesitated.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _Consider the ramifications of what you do today_. Afina could not afford to spurn Kieron’s… more forthright nature. His mother was an important member of the council, and he had performed many vital duties in Afina’s absence. He had even gone as far as to teach her the basics of dark magic himself. She couldn’t lie to him either, and feign interest in another noble. The gossip that such a lie could generate would be devastating. Anxiety built in the princess’ chest as she looked for an out. And then the orchestra started up again. 

“I mean, surely, it is already a shame to have missed the first dance. I dare think of the disgrace that missing the second would bring,” she declared, head tilted towards the orchestra.

“I… yes! Surely, Afina. It is the knight’s duty to carry out the princess’ command,” he nodded, offering his arm in escort her to the center of the dancefloor. 

_Surely..._ Afina thought to herself.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Chengu sat in the carriage, thinking about the past few day. He tugged at the collar of his shirt. These fancy clothes felt tight. Restrictive. They reminded him that although he was out of the mines, he was still under Dreca’s control. As they continued towards the castle, his mind kept racing over the events of the past 72 hours…

He had been personally selected to accompany some noble to some fancy party that was being held in Laeran. It didn’t really seem like the type of thing Chengu would normally agree to. He wasn’t really quite sure why they had him on this mission. The noble was from Torshan so he assumed it had something to do with his being a tiger laguz. The whole thing seemed rather suspicious, but they had said he had a chance to gain his and his mother’s freedom. That was all that was driving him. Chengu hadn’t seen his mother in about three years and honestly wasn’t even sure if she was alive.

No. She *was* alive. He could *feel* it. She *had* to be. He *had* to save her...

THUMP!

The carriage hit a pothole, bringing Chengu’s mind back to the present. They slowly approached the front entrance of the castle and came to a halt.

“Alright, we’re here,” said the noble, pulling his gloves on and adjusting his attire. “Remember, we are not here to cause any trouble so please, don’t go wild on me.”

Chengu rolled his eyes. It had been years since he had last transformed into his full form.

“Relax, boy,” the noble chuckled. “Just think of this as a treat for all your hard work down in those dirty mines. Try to have a good time, keep your eyes peeled, your ears open, and try not to make Torshan look bad.”
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Chengu tried to relax. It was difficult in these restrictive clothes. They stepped out of the carriage and made their way to the main entrance. The herald announced their arrival as they entered the foyer. They made their way into the ballroom and Chengu was awestruck. He had never seen anything like this before in his life. The stupendous staircases, the shimmering chandeliers, the ornate orchestra. It was all so fantastic! Growing up in the villages of Kisselain, he had seen nothing but simple structures. After his capture all he knew were the mines of Dreca.

“Now,” said the noble, adjusting his coat, “I have a few colleagues I am meeting up with. Remember what I said. We’ll meet back up here later. Don’t even *think* about ditching me. You will sorely regret it.” He nodded curtly at Chengu and walked off.

If Chengu was going to gain any intel, he was going to need to be sociable. He saw a waiter carrying a tray of champagne walking near him. Chengu reached his tail out and picked up a glass as the waiter walked by. He combed through his freshly groomed whiskers with his fingers and adjusted his hair into a neat bun. 

*You can do this,* he thought to himself as his tail brought the glass of bubbly liquid to his lips.
Nokri (Marisa): When the party invitation finally reached her, Nokri coveted it like Willy Wonka’s golden ticket. She showed it to few, but didn’t mind if word of its existence spread throughout the rinky-dink town as a hot conversation topic. Who would have thought the mysterious new waitress of the town’s watering hole had such big connections?

She was already a minor local celebrity after appearing out of nowhere and curing the mayor’s cough. By following her daily prescription he no longer sounded like a dying smoker and his fits were much fewer and farther between. The townsfolk mused at how such an innocent girl didn’t even notice the mayor’s romantic endeavors until he basically mowed down her door and demanded to be her partner for the party.

And so on the day of, Nokri arrived with her delicate arm linked around that of an average looking brunette man. His appearance was so generic, with no definite defining features, that he could be easily forgotten if one looked away for a minute. His skin was pale in stark contrast to his date’s tanned appearance, but his hair was only a few shades darker than her own reddish-brown, brushed out in loose bushy waves. Nokri was worried the princess wouldn’t recognize her after such a drastic yet necessary style change, so her gown for the main event – a gift from her date – was based off of the dress the princess had so kindly gifted her shortly after they first met.
Nokri (Marisa): Giddy from being so easily welcomed into the hall with the moniker of “Lady Lyleon,” Nokri was bashfully hiding a smile and most of her face behind a decorative folding fan. Another gift from her date, Jalil Muns. “This is fantastic,” he muttered in awe at the decorations and splendor. “The Tyndalls are most welcoming and hospitable,” Nokri mentioned as though this was obvious because she’s known them her whole life. She made an effort to be as graceful as possible and blend in with the crowd. After all, being among this this pompous high-class crowd is exactly what suited her. “I wonder where the princess could be? I have to greet her…”

Jalil went off for a moment to procure some drinks while Nokri scanned the crowd. No sign of the princess yet, but there were an unusually high number of furry guests at this ball. Disgusting, was this a zoo? There was only one animal in particular she wouldn’t mind seeing, but what were the odds? As Jalil returned with drinks, Nokri lost her appetite watching a tiger drink *with his tail* of all things. She audibly “tsk”’d and set her drink down. “How about a dance?” she suggested, taking her date’s arm while side-eyeing the tiger with atrocious manners.
