Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Afina breathed a sigh of relief as a familiar song began to play. She recognized it as the one where individuals would often switch partners, a gesture meant to reflect the unity and shared experiences of Callorian people. Afina forced a smile at Kieron. “It seems we must part until later, sir,” she stated, breaking away from Kieron’s hold before he had a moment to protest. He stumbled backwards, and Afina hesitated as she watched him bump into a seemingly familiar face. She quickly dismissed it. _They’re just a look-alike, there’s no way any of my invites actually reached their intended guests..._ she thought. _And there’s no time to consider reunions, Kieron has used my last ounce of patience_.

The princess wove through the crowd, putting space between herself and the Laeran knight. She could almost hear the boastful noble already introducing himself, with his overused “Afina and I are _well acquainted_, you know” speech. Afina watched as Callorians handed off their partners between each other, with friendly smiles and shaken hands. Spouses winked at each other as they separated, promising to return. Young singles awkwardly bowed at each other, before turning to look for a new partner. Afina couldn’t help but smile contentedly as all went according to plan; The purpose of the dance was coming to fruition. Perhaps the Callorians would remember the importance of unity once more.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Suddenly breaking from her reverie, Afina realized she had neglected to choose a new partner. She glanced backwards at the way she had come; Kieron had finished speaking to the individual he had bumped into, and was walking back towards her, a disgruntled look on his face. _Oh, please,_ Afina thought scanning the crowd in front of her for an alternative. _Any_ alternative. 

A flash of red hair caught Afina’s eyes, and she turned her attention towards the tiger laguz. The man looked uncomfortable, like he had clearly come to the banquet alone. Or, even worse, lost his partner. The princess did not hesitate to glance back at her pursuer, strutting up to the formally-dressed Kissaelain. 

“Hello sir. Afina Tyndall, princess of Laera, of the kingdom Callora. I welcome you to my family’s estate. Might you do me the honor of this dance?” she asked, glancing back at Kieron. Noticing that she was now occupied, the knight stopped in his tracks, and sheepishly began searching for a new dance partner as the couples stepped in time with the song. The laguz’s bright yellow eyes looked between Kieron and herself. “Worry not, it is customary for one to dance with a--as it would be-- _stranger_ for this particular song,” she explained, gesturing towards the crowd dancing around them before offering her hand. “And so?”
