Aldus Larian (Jess): From behind him, Aldus can hear a familiar, authoritative voice issuing evacuation instructions just before a flash of light strikes down one of the possessed.

“That must be the Princess,” Vesper notes as they knot another napkin around an elderly woman’s face and shuffle her into the fray of people exiting the ballroom. 

“What gave it away?” Aldus quips, “Was it the trademark ‘Royal’ voice of ‘listen to me’ or the-”

He’s interrupted by another flash as a bolt of slices two more converted guards. “Well, that.” he finishes motioning to the display of magical prowess.

An abrupt roar erupts through the ballroom, the noise carrying flawlessly through the expensive autistics of the ballroom, reverberating to every ear on the floor as an impressive display of a Kissaelain transformation takes place on the now emptying dance floor. Aldus feels a pang of homesickness at the familiarity of it, but also a sense of awe at witnessing a transformed tiger laguz for the first time.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It would seem the Princess did not feel at all the same as him at witnessing this, as she quickly becomes near-catatonic at the sight of the tiger. Her eyes - far away from here, give away the fact that she is no longer in the ballroom - but in a place of dark thoughts not yet addressed. Instinct tells him this is not an effect of the mist. 

Hurriedly but carefully, Aldus approaches the princess. “Princess Tyndal?” he tries to no avail.

“Princess!” He tries again, grabbing her arm gently but with a clear purpose. “Come on, we need to go!” 

He offers her an arm of support as they exit the ballroom. 

“Ves!” Aldus calls, “Grab me a glass of water for the Princess?” 

“Sure thing!” They respond, hastily plucking a crystal glass from a table near on their way out. 

Outside the ballroom, Aldus gently sits the Princess down, back supported by a wall. He pours a small amount of water onto a napkin dampening it somewhat before offering her the glass to sip from. He then hands her the damp cloth. “In case you need to cool off a bit.”
