Tikur (Kurtis): Tikur adjusted his clothes, a nice black suit with a royal blue coat, it had been a long while since he had worn anything fanciful. He sighed "At least the tournament sponsor was kind enough to lend me some clothing, though a bit snug". As he glanced over his reflection in the mirror he reflected over the past couple days. He had gotten an invitation to a local doubles tournament from an old rival from back home. They had been roaming around, like himself, partner-less and lost. It was a hard fought few days but in the end they were victorious. The prize was 2 tickets and various accoutrement to a party at the Tyndall's.
Tikur (Kurtis): *Knock Knock* The sound snapped Tikur out of his trance. Quickly he responded "Yes, hello?". A familiar and comforting voice responded "May I come in?" "Absolutely." Tikur smiled and turned to face the door, now opened, to see how his doubles partner had fared. He let out a low whistle, Tikur had to admit she was striking. Aleja Winebrand, The Iron Rose, usually covered in impenetrable armour now decked in a handsome velvet maroon suit. "You really clean up nicely." He remarked, feeling slightly jealous at her form fitting suit. "Vell you have to give ze people vhat they vant." She jested, taking one of her arena power stances to emphasize her point. Tikur rolled his with a smile on his face, she was something else, a powerhouse with or without a sword in hand. "Shall ve ajourn to ze party? Or du you need more time to pretty yourself?" She asked with a wink. "I'm as ready as I'll be" Tikur replied "Just been a long time since this sort of thing, last time..was well...you know." She gave him a sympathetic nod and clasped him on the shoulder "I understand my friend, but now it is time to drink and bury our vorries." Cheekily adding, " And mabey vind some beautiful ladies to briighten zat mood eh?" Tikur put his arm over her shoulder, chuckling he said "Sounds like a plan, but one that may fare better for you than I." With a wide roughish smile she started pulling him out of the room.
Tikur (Kurtis): They made their way down through the wonderful accomadtions, that were part of the prize, and out to the street. A small but regal carriage awaited to take them to the party. Tikur boarded the carriage, with a small push from Aleja, and soon they were on their way. As they made their way to the party they discussed many things, as they hadn't had time before the tournament to really catch up. Eventually they arrived, with a knock on the side from the coachman they exited the carriage. Aleja slid her arm around Tikur as they strode into to the hall. "This is where the fun begins" she said quietly with an impish grin, as she grabbed a drink from a passing server. Tikur mimicked her smile and did the same, ready to see what the night brought.
