El🆓de Faun (Tom): Faun went to sit after sharing a lovely dance with his subordinate (although she hardly acted the part, they never truly had that kind of relationship). He felt a sharp and firm tug on his sleeve. San’s sudden resistance had him whirling about to face her with a puzzled look. She eyed him seriously. It was time for him to confront himself. He stood there for what felt like a full minute. She was right of course. She usually was. 


His gaze softened to a smile, “Okay, okay San I concede.” She nodded firmly and smiled and went to go sit down to wait for him, but instead getting caught up in conversation with another young girl.


Faun wandered the crowd with anticipation desperately looking for the staple long blonde hair. He had gazed into and lost himself in her long locks many times, there was no way he’d miss it. Then he saw it and slowly approached, it was her. She was turned about, but he knew it.


She caught him approaching, "Ah just in time for the partner switch!” The woman acted like she knew him... but she did not. She was beautiful and reminded him so much of her, but she was clearly twice his age. He put one hand around her waist. Before he knew it they started to dance. He noticed his breathing finally stabilizing while his heart was still beating out of his chest. Elfriede of house Faun knew the movements, but his look of absolute confusion betrayed his composure.

“I didn't Catch your name sir knight? I’ve never seen an Eraian quite so flustered before, did I catch you off guard? I had thought it bold that you approached I, or... perhaps you are simply beside yourself that your dancing with the Queen of Laera? Please, I beg do not let it bother you.” He felt his legs go weak and he swallowed hard. *I. Am. a moron.*

“...I am... Knight Lieutenant Elfriede Faun. I am honored your highness.”
Bill: Kieron steps up to Afina, pushing her and her Kissaelain partner apart.  He glares at the Laeran princess, ignoring Chengu.

"Come here." he bites, clearly distracted. Afina can see that he's not actually looking at her as he speaks to her, instead he's looking at the center of the dance floor. He pays Chengu no mind and leads Afina up the stairs. On the way he passes the man he was speaking to while Afina was dancing, the two share a nod and the other man leaves the ballroom. 

Kieron looks down over the balcony, the floor still bustling with busy people. He brings Afina beside him with an arm around her waist.

"You wanted to see dark magic didn't you? I'm going to show you exactly what kind of power it can hold." There's an unfamiliar, feral grin on his face as he focuses on the center of the room. "Friends of mine... They found out your Daddy has a secret. He's hiding a power underneath the castle and they wanted to bring it out. The party was a perfect chance to get access to the chamber. They told me we'll see the effects of it momentarily."

Kieron turns to Afina. "Isn't it exciting? Not knowing what kind of power is coming?" This is dark magic. An eternal gamble against the power you try to wield, trying to control it least it overpowers you. See?"

At his cue, a mist begins to flow into the room from the center of the floor. No one seems to notice the mist until it has an ankle high pool at everyone on the dance floor's feet. There's a crumbling sound as a pounding thud echos from the center of the floor. New cracks appear in the center of the floor, and mist shoots from it like a geyser.
Bill: People notice now. A noble is close to the geyser and is quickly consumed, only to scream as it consumes his form. The mist around him is thick enough to be a fog, and the scream continues for a moment before the fog dissipates into the less thick mist. More of the fog pockets form near cracks in the floor. 

The party goers are looking around, confused as the first floor is now coated in mist with pockets of fog around it. The doors open and various people enter, some guests but also staff and guards who really shouldn't be in the ballroom. Those on the dance floor who can see these newcomers catch a glance of their eyes; their pupils have a mist over them, giving them white eyes.

The newcomers stop walking and start running towards the guests of the party, and all hell breaks loose. In a quick glance you can see the clouded people forcing others towards the fog patches, or trying to hold down the party guests. The chaos quickly begins to spread throughout the room, clouded people approaching all of you on the lower floor.

Kieron looks over the chaos with his grin widening. "Isn't this wonderful Afina? Look at the chaos sewn. What your Father tried to hide from the world. This is a power to be harness and used, and yet he left in the basement, forgotten." He tries to lead Afina beside him as he makes for the second floor exit. "Come with me, and I'll protect you. Keep you from harm, as my lady. I need to meet the rest of my people downstairs to get the sword, then we can go and I can claim the power I deserve."
