Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Caught the con crud
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can actually feel it getting progressively worse
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nuuuuu!
N🆗ri (Marisa): i hear zenkai's strain was particularly bad, people were getting bedridden at the con itself
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh noooooo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Scratchy throat and congested sinuses
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Good thing my workload at work is light this week... 😩
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ayyyy I started losing my voice today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Woooo con plague
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh NOOOOO
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Did I miss it somehow
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Or maybe it'll.take a day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im so tired of rando dudes messaging tryna be friends
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like i sound like a jerk but like... i dun need more friends
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and theyre all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "hey 😃 how was your con? was it fun? what was your favorite cosplay?"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like damn stop asking me questions just to keep me talkin
Elfriede Faun (Tom): When you in your 100th *"damn that's crazy"*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh that's the mood I was talking about yesterday. Followers trying to be buddy buddy and I'm just like I have so many friends already I don't want any more at the moment
Bill: You aren’t a jerk for not friending every possible human being people.
Bill: Especially not over the Internet.
Bill: Ignoring a message from a random person is not blowing someone off who comes to talk to you at an event.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): boy my throat feels like garbage today
Bill: You guys talking about being sick is making me sick stopppp
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :(
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ahhhh I woke up 5 mins late and my roommate beat me to the shower
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): God I hate sharing a shower with 4 other girls
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Now I’m gonna be late to class 😡
Aldus Larian (Jess): can u take shower after class 😮
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My hair is so oily I don’t wanna wait
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I know I have to wake up before 9 to beat them to the shower, even if it’s 8:59, I was just a stupid and overslept
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _theyre still in there_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ugh next year I’ll have 2 showers for 4 people instead of 1 for 5 (originally 6)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg it takes me an hour to get ready usually AND I have class on another campus in 50 minutes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I h8
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have to accept I’m just gonna be late today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _woman there is no room for 25 minute showers here_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dry shampoo here we go
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :/
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have mad it to class with dry shampoo to control The Oil
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Just sucks cause I have another class and then I meet with the head of the physics department for scheduling
Bill: At some point we've got to decide how region locked BNE is. Mag should get an invite, given she around this group a fair bit at cons, but she's normally far away. It'd make BNE larger, potentially less personal... But subgroups already exist for real personal things so BNE has been less of  vent point for people than in the past...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): How region locked should we be?
Bill: That's a question for the group.
Bill: is it just people in the jersey PA area who can get together for a meetup? or is it spread to our more distant con friends? ~~But not enough to get the insane virginia people involved~~
Bill: Should David and the Jesses, Mag be in BNE?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I would say NY/NJ/PA/DE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): With anyone else outside there currently just... grandfathered in
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We could consider other peeps like Maryland or Massachusetts on a case by case basis I guess?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Scott hinted at wanting an invite the other day...
Bill: No.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Exactly why I’m saying we should have location guidelines
Bill: Actually, I can't *say* no but like. He's a fame grubby lamer.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _im skeptical now_
Bill: My gut continues to never be wrong.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And if we geo-lock ourselves I have a legit excuse
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What about Tristan?
Bill: I agree, I'm just curious what they *are* since tbh Mag *should* be in the server I think. I mean, she doesn't use discord but she active rwby and friends with the server.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): O mighty gut speak to us
Bill: Tristan? He's not big into rwby anymore, which I think is the other bar. As much as we are general cosplay group the rwby cosplaying is pretty core to BNE existing.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tru
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess Anna didn’t ask for an invite for Mag cause she didn’t wanna press her luck
Bill: There's no real procedure for it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We just kinda handed out the link whenever lol
Bill: yup. Which I mean, we can still do. But who gets to hand out links? Me you and Hal?
Bill: Everyone?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We never voted before
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I’d like to
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mostly cause no admin should have the upper hand
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We could throw a message in announcements and be like hey can we invite blank and then need a certain number of votes  to pass
Bill: BNE is not an admin'd server, it's a friend group yes. I'd prefer it stay that way.
Bill: Eventually. I don't want to now, I'm just sharing what I've been thinking about for other opinions.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean beacon is getting big so we might need some rules
Bill: yeah, I just mean it should stay somewhat democratic rather than 'Georgia Hal and Bill said so'.
Bill: Admittedly I don't think anyone's had an issue with us calling shots (You and I in particular call pretty much all of them as the group organizers) but don't want to like, claim a power we weren't given.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Are we considering recruiting anyone?
Bill: Mag comes to mind, but it's not a pressing need.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): strongly considering going home sometime after lunch. I feel like death and I'm not sure I can make it to 4:30
Aldus Larian (Jess): go home! sleep!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like usually I would suck it up and work through a cold but my throat is really bothering me. I feel achy and have the occasional super sensitivity to cold
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's like, two things that are really pressing that I want to try to finish up beforehand
N🆗ri (Marisa): **h o m e**
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :/ yeee
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Feel better!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Finishing printing out a 7 foot long drawing and then going home
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Made it home
Bill: WOO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dude if the head of the physics department got into a fight i would back him up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hes such a cool dude
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i went to his office hours to ask for help scheduling for next year, and he not only found me the perfect class
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but also gave me resources for grad school application
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): AND encouraged me to apply to graduate "with honors" in physics
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i told him i wasnt sure cause i had a bad semester last semester due to divorce/death/etc
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and he was like "the committee wouldnt fault you for one bad semester, if youre an otherwise strong student and you have something interesting to say, its worth applying"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WHAT A KEWL DUDE
Bill: 👍
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): AWESOME!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Today's mood: wanting to sleep because you have a massive headache and your entire body feels achy, but you can't fall asleep because you have a massive headache and your entire body feels achy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Next con I'm bring immune boost tea and airborne and giving them to you
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Thank
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm just glad it started after the con because with how I'm feeling now, I wouldn't have gone
Aldus Larian (Jess): True
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~you may have caught it from the con~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ^^^^
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I got some good sleep and my voice isn’t bad anymore
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I’d recommend a WHOLESOME NAP
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've been trying 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Achy and headachy plus my nose is stuffed so I have to breathe through my mouth which dries it out causing me to regain consciousness
Aldus Larian (Jess): Do you have some NyQuil?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just took an excedrin which will hopefully help the headache and achiness
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But caffeine might do something
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I plan on taking a NyQuill once the 4 hours after the Excedrin passed so like 9:45ish
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea don't wanna take too many drugs at once
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just ate dinner so at least I feel like I gained some energy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I has cat now
Aldus Larian (Jess): KITTY
N🆗ri (Marisa): congrats on your overlord
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): He does this weird thing whe he lays on my lap (only if I have this specific red blanket over me) and then place his paws directly on my crotchal region
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao maybe cuz it's warm?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): As if to say "don't you dare move because I've literally got you by the balls"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He knows EXACTLY what he’s doing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *"They took mine, don't make me take yours..."*
