Bill: Oh wonderful. More water in basement.
Aldus Larian (Jess): O no!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh we have that issue too when it rains hard
Bill: We just put in French drain to keep it from happening...
Bill: Tore up basement to do it.
Bill: Tho, looks like they didn’t seal the water pump well so the water isn’t rainwater. Maybe.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): HEY I LOVE PATENT PENDING i so will
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!334090409389195266>
Bill: ,...?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): leanna said i have to play the song "douchebag" at the party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): sorry this was like 6 hours ago cause ive been trying to get home all day hahaaaaaaaaa
Bill: aaaah the band.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): also im glad to see hal being a hypocrite again
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): always a welcome sight to see
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ooo what he do now. The emoji?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye the emoji
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "hey guys lets not be mean"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): /makes dickbutt emoji named etahn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok fuckface
Aldus Larian (Jess): Trying to find undies that will work for boudoir is proving to be a challenge.
Bill: oh
Aldus Larian (Jess): I apparently have two mode. Comfy big panites and see through panies
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's it you win
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean like panities I don't have to buy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There is only sexy and comfy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea!
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Bill: She did that to me.
Bill: I unfriended her when I realized she a fake.
Bill: The slump is broke! Huzzah!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Just left hospital, sis in law is feeling gmuch better today, new blood results have been improving so now they are backing away from the HELLP syndrome thing and thinking it is her gallbladder again, she's not in pain anymore except lower back from sitting in a bed all week, she ate real food again and hasn't thrown it up yet 3 hours later. Baby is perfectly healthy <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's good to hear
N🆗ri (Marisa): @ people who always hit "reply all" to e-mails that have 50 people on it to just say "thanks!"
that's very polite to say thanks but also why do you do this.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Huh Meg wondered my story slider saying I looked all the way todo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So she’s started watching/participating in my stories again
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Interesting
