Bill: Has Hunter just been down by the VA peeps for a week or?
Bill: I guess it’s spring break?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My spring break is next week and I thought that was pretty early
Bill: May actually kill someone today. It’s been an hour, I haven’t left my driveway and *I’m at that point.*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Haven't left your driveway?
Bill: As in I want to kill people and I haven’t started my commute yet.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Uh oh, what happen
Bill: Same shit different day. Plus day 5 of a frozen scale and if Doc doesn’t have some serious insight Saturday imma insist on a more drastic solution.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😔
Bill: I’m going to get my tea, growl at Sheema to leave me the fuck alone, and idk.
Bill: Attempt to enjoy the bullshit work she’s got in mind for me now.
Bill: There’s an all hands so the ibmers are all busy till like 11, 11:30. Nice.
Bill: She's in the fucking all hands and messaging for fucking updates girl I don't work all night, I don't have updates *30 minutes into my day*
Bill: Everything okay with you Leanna? You've been on invis for a while now and that usually means there's someone you need to avoid (case in point, Marisa and the stupid stalker she won't block).
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): avoiding heather
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): >.>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): shes on like an ego maniac high because she made friends over tumblr
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and never fucking shuts up about how popular she is
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so im like "haha... im not here 👀 "
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh damn really?
Bill: BNE Heather?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): nah wish
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): sorry
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~i dont really talk to BNE heather ngl ~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof 😦
Bill: I thought Wish but had to be sure.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo i forgot wishs name is heather
Bill: I just couldn't imagine BNE heather being... that.
Bill: Also oof.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she also like went off on me like right after katsu for "leading her on" and told me to stop acting ..the same way ive acted towards her since we were in middle school
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): w-whaaa?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so now im like ....mmmmmmmmmmmmmm ok dude. i'm not the one who wouldnt allow the bee shoot to end without a bee kiss photo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but ok 👀
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so i'm in invisivoid
Bill: Spicy.
Bill: ~~inb4 it wasn't Wish who wanted the kiss it was Hunter~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): nope, hunter didnt even want it
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo nooo 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ugh I hate seeing long-term friendships going south 😔
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but wish was like "can we still do the kiss photo? lee said she'd do it, can we? hunter can we do it?"
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~so basically she just wanted to kiss you?~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yeaa... like i knew the second she confessed she had feelies for me that it was about to tank and was like ....no....
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): youre my best friend pls don't
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~mostly because I don't have any and I'm jealous~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo no when was that?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like right before katsu
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Aaaaaah, feels... Yeah, feels complicate things.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yeaaaaa
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i dont wanna be a dick, but like i kinda wish she didnt tell me
Bill: It... can work out. And you'll still be friends. But only if she likes you enough to also respect your feelings.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats what she said
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but then she went off on me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so now im keeping my distance
Bill: She's... in for a rough time, to be fair.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i mean, yea.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but....oof
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she wants me to change the way we interact completely...even though my interactions with her are just... how i naturally am with everyone
Aldus Larian (Jess): you guys have been friends so long too 😭  i wonder if she just didnt tell you for awhile or if its a fairly new development
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh no its apparently been a thing since high school
Bill: what you mean by change?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she wants me to stop joking with her and like talking to her about serious things as much
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and im like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ???????????
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ok????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wtf
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): then whats left?
Bill: That's... what. Like, that's *why* you are so close?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): a very dull friendship? weird flex, but okay...
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): exactly
Bill: Why would you. Want. not that?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like sorry but im not going to change that... because you have a crush on me... like what
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i understand if she needs distance but...
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): distance is one thing, and id be happy to give her space
Aldus Larian (Jess): just the fact that she hid it for so long and then to say you were leading her on?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but thats not what shes asking for
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she like... thinks ive been flirting with her for years? and im like... no fam... i just joke like that with everyone, and i talk to you about personal things because youre my best friend
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): chill
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~joking around and getting deep is not grounds for "i like you"~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^
Aldus Larian (Jess): how are you feeling? like it must be hard to find out your bestie thought you were into her 😦
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its very weird
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): especially because i'm realizing that chris has become what wish used to be for me
Bill: You mean like, joking around and getting deep isn't the same as saying 'i like you', romantic feelings DO develop from those over time right?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): to be fair, they do sometimes develop. but, to just assume i was leading her on from *that*?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and get angry with me over it?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): :/
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea 😦 its like "its your fault i like you"
Aldus Larian (Jess): and thats nto fair
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): exactly
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i feel like im supposed to apologize for being myself to her?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and thats not a good feeling
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats a shitty feeling
Bill: oh yeah, not arguing with you. I just wanted to be sure there wasn't like, some third thing you do that becomes love cause I was like 'how else do I show I like someone than trusting them with stuff, and sharing good stuff with em'. Love is a step above those feelings which both parties have to take. Just because you haven't taken that step doesn't mean you're leading her on.
Bill: ~~I'm a fucking loser with romance so I just need to clarify sorry~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): love has no formula or reason. you just cant blame the object of your affection for your feelings
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i think what really drives me insane is that she waited YEARS to even mention she had feelings
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and then is blaming me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): as if i did something wrong
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea. i was just about to say that
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and asking me to change so that she can get over her feelings
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats like a whole decade almost
Aldus Larian (Jess): "stop being the person i love" 😭
Bill: OOF
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yeaaaaaa
Bill: Can't do that.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): AHH.. sorry to hear it :(
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): not gonna do that
Bill: She, no matter how much you love her as a friend, has no right to tell you to not be you.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea, i'm hoping she takes the time to get over it while i avoid her for the time being
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah I hope do :(
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): because every time i talk to her now its like.... some sort of contest of whos more "popular" OR her complaining that i led her on and refusing to get over it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): both things i do not like
Bill: Hopefully with time she realizes she's hurting you and that your happiness is worth more to her than that.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): we can only hope
Bill: If she's as good as friend as you've described her to us... I'm sure she will.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): true, you right. i have faith that she'll eventually come around
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Late but YEAH give her some space
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Absence makes the heart grow fonder
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She’ll mellow out and realize the friendship means more to her than picking a bone with you
Bill: ~~the heart is already too fond here~~ 

She needs to separate her feelings, grieve, and forgive. None of which is easy and better done without more 'fuel' for the fire, in this case interactions with the one she likes making her like more.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea some distance is a good idea for now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t think picking a fight comes from a place of fondness 😬
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But yeah my general point stands that distance would be good right now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah, like hopefully she'll realize that she cherishes your friendship more than her repressed romantic feelings
Bill: It's her being unable to accept things. It's not best way to handle that, but I don't think it's real hate. Anger hides another emotion. In this case, jealousy or sorrow maybe.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~probably jealousy, she did confess after kurto and i went on date 1~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): has she been single all this time too?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but yea, im giving her space
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I once told one of my closest lady friends in high school I liked her and she gave me the "I'm not looking to date right now" response and then a few months later started dating someone I didn't really like... and it hurt... a lot... but I realized I cherished being friends with her more and got over my feelings and now she's like, the only person from high school I still occasionally talk to lol
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): nah she was dating someone for awhile
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): awww thats really sweet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Her crush seemed pretty obvious at Katsu ngl 👀
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea it was painfully obvious
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeeeee
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and i was trying to make space between us by doing cosplays that didnt coordinate...and then... she bought ruby last minute
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 😬😬😬
Bill: ~~I chalked it up to a long time friendship and mutual love of bees whoops~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh honey nooo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): her love of bees directly comes from her relating yang to me and blake to her
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and shes said this many times, and i kinda just blew it off until now
Bill: ahhahaha oooof poor girl.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and now im like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yikes
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo noooo wish nooooo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): maybe time to do other cosplays
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): BUT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i was like i'll do ozma
Bill: Fiction parallels are dangerous.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ooo tea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and then not even a second later shes like "oh i kinda wanna do salem"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): https://tenor.com/view/hopeless-disappointed-ryan-reynolds-facepalm-embarrassed-gif-5436796
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo nooooo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what a mood
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Erik can relate lmao
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im having a rebecca situation
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): except i already told her i wasnt interested in a relationship
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so now its just 😬
Bill: huh. I got the feeling she didn't like me too much at Katsu, which I chalked up to shy and shy.

I... wonder if she knew I'm Kurtis's bestie and like. Was projecting.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think she was just prob in a bad mood from being rejected?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): shes very jealous that I have friends, hence why shes trying to brag about her popularity so much
Aldus Larian (Jess): oooo 😦
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): even though i tried to introduce her to you guys
Bill: Oh mood Jess.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and she kinda just ...didn't want to
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so, nothing i can do about that except move on and enjoy ya'lls friendship
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thought she was just cold! i tried to include her and tell her to switch out with me cuz i felt bad
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): nah shes just.... like that sometimes
N🆗ri (Marisa): What was she cosplaying at Katsu?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i understnad
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): any excuse to hold onto me for extended periods of time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye fam I liked gettin photos with her too that’s why I was like owow ruby
Aldus Larian (Jess): she did ruby and 2b i know
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oooo was she the ruby from the Pyrrha penny shoot?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ruby, pj ruby, blake, 2b
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): all couples cosplays
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): with me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we should hook her up with Rebecca
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i forgot about 2b....i said i was doing 6O and she pulled 2B out her ass
Aldus Larian (Jess): did she already have a 2b cosplay?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah I thought she only did A2 before they
Aldus Larian (Jess): or did she buy that too?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she bought it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and borrowed my 2B wig
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oof
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Bill: Doing cosplay stuff with a crush is... oof. Addictive.
Aldus Larian (Jess): mood
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea, you right but it's just *a lot* when i had made it clear before katsu that i did not have feelies for her
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and she still went out of her way to change her cosplans
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and buy full cosplays
Bill: It's not a justification. It's just a fact.
Bill: Doing that was not a good way to handle her feels.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): def not
N🆗ri (Marisa): Don’t feel bad for your feelings. It’s better than pretending otherwise and leading to a life of unhappiness for both of you.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea def not a good way to handle
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oo late but yeah
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She seemed attached to your hip all katsu
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I was like to no
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^^^^^^ yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ok one last tea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): we went to the rooftop bar with erik, topher and maggie
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and she went to sit down on one of the couches with maggie and i saw there was a balcony
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and i was like yo i wanna go over there
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and i went with erik
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and apparently the second we left her sight
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she panicked
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and was like running around the bar trying to find me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): even though she had sat down to talk to maggie ....and its not like i left her with people she didnt know
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she was like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh no lee left with someone ELSE
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): must find
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and scoured the entire bar until she found us by asking people if they had seen me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): >.>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh yikes
N🆗ri (Marisa): Was it obvious she was trying to stick to you at the convention or was it something you only realized afterwords? Sounds obvious but just curious
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): no it was obvious
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yike
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like painfully obvious
Bill: I kinda thought that was what you guys were like, since you only see each other once a year. Yikes.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): any time i wasnt with her she was messaging me where i was
Bill: Didn’t realize it was one sided.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): last years katsu she did the same thing but to an extent that pissed me off
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): shes the reason i had to leave the rwby shoot before getting the bne photo with you all
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): this year i told her up front that i'm not doing that again
Bill: Whiiiiich would make sense now given... long time feels.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): stage 5 clinger
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): did she even have anyone else to really hang out with at Katsu? Or are you like, the only person she really knows? (other than Jack)
Bill: I assumed not.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): jack, verdett, some friendos from highschool that go every year
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but she refuses to hang out with them
N🆗ri (Marisa): Even without knowing people there’s plenty to do at a con
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and it becomes my problem to make sure shes having fun
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): which i hate
Bill: Oh oof.
Bill: I’ve felt that way in the past. Leaning more babysitting but. Not recently.
Bill: It sucks.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): this has been only the past 2 years though, before that she would go off on her own
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i guess because i was technically single for the last two katsus
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): >.>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): that would make sense
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :( damnnn
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Sorry to hear it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yeaa its ok xD i'm sure it'll pass eventually
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im not one to give up on friendships simply due to frustration
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's good 👌 youre a good person for it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *> Gen talking about Summer
> Me (almost): Oh hey I might do Taiyang on Sunday so if you and Chris do Summer and Qrow we could do ST_Q!
> remembers Rebecca is our resident Raven in BNE
> oh, never mind...*
Bill: DMs are MAGICAL THINGS.
Bill: ~~I took her castlevania group up on a shoot and she didn't tell me if she cancelled that cosplan~~
Bill: NBD, but also like. *Tell me*.
Bill: yup thanks for telling me Gen.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): Me in tight pants: "ugh i need to lose weight"
Me in loose pants (same weight): "Im perfect the way i am!"
Bill: solution, buy less tight pants cause you perfect just the way you are!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i gotta lose 5 pounds
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ive been eating poorly and gained again whoooo
Bill: That's pretty natural tho.
Bill: You'll be fine <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but I gotta be good or ill just keep gaining
Bill: And you're good at maintaining that.
Bill: ```if abs(m_ijk / ori_ijk - 1) > max_conv:
                    max_conv = abs(m_ijk / ori_ijk - 1)```

So.
Bill: You see that disgusting thing in the parenthesis?
Bill: Notice how it's duplicated?
Bill: *They could have written this so much cleaner*
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~all code looks disgusting to me~~
Bill: ```conv_rate = abs(m_ijk / ori_ijk - 1)
if conv_rate > max_conv:
                    max_conv = conv_rate```
Bill: *That's far less confusing to read isn't it*
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive been trying to convert to abs for years
Bill: Fucking mathematicians writing libraries.
Aldus Larian (Jess): libraries are for reading!
Bill: *they for importing and never having to see the internals of*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have seen the interior of a library many times
N🆗ri (Marisa): I wonder if the library at zenkai would allow people to shoot there as long as they were super quiet
Aldus Larian (Jess): OO YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): that would be neat
Aldus Larian (Jess): if my coworker tell me one more time how hes a "Times New Roman kinda guy" imma lose it
Bill: *you going to bring about the fall of rome*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like creating a simple variable and making it equal that mess in parentheses?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh wow, late
Bill: IT"S BASIC CODING HOLY SHIT GOD
Bill: *FUCK* a CALCULATOR can store values!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which says a lot because I'm garbage at coding
Bill: ~~I have no idea how but~~
Bill: Coding is like, 30% basic concepts, 30% google, 30% copy and paste, and 10% bullshit.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I was gonna wish wish happy birthday on my insta story but then I saw her profile has sO many pics with Leanna and I was like hm what if she get mad tho
