Aldus Larian (Jess): Spam incomming
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): is biting his hand the wrong choice?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nope!
Bill: I窶冦 confused on whose who.
Bill: Is that Zen in the face off?
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA that's zens route
Bill: Ooooh
Bill: Makes sense.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ye it's from Zen's route
Aldus Larian (Jess): Actually idk if it's the wrong answer. It's the one I did
Bill: ~~you just wanted to bite Saeran~~
Bill: ~~kinky~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I was fighting back!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like how sevens like "zen describe the hacket to me" and he's like "uhh white hair, leather jacket" like bitch u just described yourself
Bill: Looool
Aldus Larian (Jess): Then he says tattoo also but I thought that was amusing
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omgggg 沽
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): omg
Aldus Larian (Jess): "so can I cheat on you?" MC plz
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Cyute!
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~the whole rfa dies on spot~~
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Wtf
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I just saw the can I cheat in you message
Aldus Larian (Jess): RIGHT WTF
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i wanna know what he says cuz they technically arnt together? but i didnt want to say it cuz thats fucked up mc
Bill: I feel like I don't hate Rika enough yet.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i hate the yoosung and seven chat in day 9  沽ｭ  it hurts me lol
Bill: Which is that?
Aldus Larian (Jess): where yoosungs like "let me help!" and sevens like "no, stop, you are pathetic and im leaving the rfa when this is over"
Bill: Yoosung always wants to help. He a good boi.
Aldus Larian (Jess): especially when hes fueled be "o told u guys v was lyin"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mc: "so my feelings for you mean nothing to you?"
Seven: "no, they don't" 
沽ｭ沽ｭ沽ｭ
Bill: But they so obviously do lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): it still hurts 沽ｭ
Aldus Larian (Jess): that chat is so good tho, poor yoosung
Bill: true. I dunno I was just like "boi you can say whatever you want you love me".
Aldus Larian (Jess): well yea
but its still an emotional scene
Aldus Larian (Jess): youll need that same attitude for rays route <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Well they are twins <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): or when he's fueled by "I don't want to be useless anymore. I want to man up and take responsibility"
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe the real reason i dont read comedy fics is because when i do read a funny scene i cant keep a straight face and its really obvious im not working XD
