Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: new FE soundtrack acquired.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think u got the wrong channel fam
Nokri (Marisa): [touches the soil]
what happened here
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao biru said he got the new FE emblem soundtrack
Nokri (Marisa): [stops touching the soil]
the mystery is solved
Aldus Larian (Jess): OwO
Nokri (Marisa): rika just snaps his sneck
Bill: Belated: The Rika MC picture is great.
Bill: <@!334090409389195266> Ready to play mystic messenger yet?
Aldus Larian (Jess): What in the god damn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think Lee would make a good Vanderwood... 汨
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): YES
Aldus Larian (Jess): Someone stop him
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Who's vanderwood
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And also yes if shrek is in MM I will stay up all night playing
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh yeah I agree with the vanderwood
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Someone else explain tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Das Vanderwood
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Is he gay? That cheetah print is fabulous
Nokri (Marisa): he just wants a nap
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh mood
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Big same
Aldus Larian (Jess): He is in a constant state of a annoyance. Idk? He's not a romanceable character the done really talk about his sexuality
Kaio Vermino (Lee): XD OH MOOD LMAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): He's great
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I've heard he is semi ocd
Kaio Vermino (Lee): YALL PEGGED ME.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Vanderwood route when
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Let me know if they do one cause maybe I'll play lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.facebook.com/BetinaMascenonArt
Bill: tick tock it's elixir o'clock.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YO i literally spent like 5 mins looking at that pic ngl
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres portraits of the rfa at the top and pictures of his other versions behind him
also appropriate cuz i just got the that part of his route whooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): he DOOT
Aldus Larian (Jess): they're playing their themes <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: >trying to find the art with Jumin's swimsuit
> this is not that
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Nokri (Marisa): There are at least two CGIs with Jumins swimsuit that I can recall
Bill: Looks like he just wears black. Which is simple
Nokri (Marisa): black with shirts if u wanna get fancy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): MONEY
Bill: Ye the point the shirt. I don't have a shirt that color tho.
Bill: Gotta look.
Bill: (the light blue, I have a white t shirt)
Nokri (Marisa): in the other one he just has a white button up
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thin
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol whoops
Nokri (Marisa): eyyy
Bill: That I could do, feel like blue is more recognizable? Tell me oh massive fangirls.
Aldus Larian (Jess): carry around money financial magazine
Bill: Oh wait right MM isn't recognizable really anyway.
Nokri (Marisa): tbh unless the whole group is together i don't think anyone's gonna recognize anybody. maybe seven and zen can be because they've got more specific designs but it'll still be hard
Nokri (Marisa): yeah
Bill: Yeeee oke. I just use my white button up to be lazy.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i low key feel like no one recognizes anyone in swimsuit lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): or at least they don't comment on it like 9/10
Nokri (Marisa): all of mine have been recognized but i think because they're kind of obvious, striking outfits if that makes sense OH I GOTTA MAKE A FAKE TATTOO wew i'm glad i remembered
Nokri (Marisa): jess did you change your tumblr avatar and username
Nokri (Marisa): and change your name to sarakrista
Nokri (Marisa): ~~I guess that's not you~~
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): nope das not me
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~it that from unkown zine?~~
Nokri (Marisa): ye!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i want it so bad
Nokri (Marisa): *tom get this girl a zine*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i missed saeran zine and i still regret it lol
El氣電e Faun (Tom): How you obtain this zune?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ahhh you order it through link hold on
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Zoom is a PBS show where kids do lots of educational things and one of the inspirations of me picking up cooking
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I'll buy you it for my birthday !
Aldus Larian (Jess): das not hos dat works!
Aldus Larian (Jess): plus these are preorders it doesnt come till january ish
Nokri (Marisa): happy tom's birthday jess!
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://unknownzine.bigcartel.com/
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres like different packages/options
Aldus Larian (Jess): All proceeds will go to the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation, which strives to alleviate suffering caused by mental illness. <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Made a thing
Aldus Larian (Jess): THERE IT IS
Bill: wow you did that fast.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wasn't very difficult to do lol
I noticed the clouds was one of the chat room backgrounds and then just found a blank fancy looking crest
Bill: Nyoom
