Bill: Pure and true!
Bill: 
Bill: *Thats* what the flash drive is?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't even remember the flash drive 😮
Bill: ~~I know Rika insane but~~
Bill: Four collections, trauma, something, something, reunion.
Bill: Basically, four sides of Rika’s hidden personality.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea!
Bill: And he was going to photograph them.
Bill: So she could accept those parts of herself in the pictures.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Bill: ~~I know she’s insane but that is. A really sweet concept as a photographer and I totally understand V there~~
Bill: The little things and all that. The little things are those hidden sides.
Bill: Wow.
Bill: Obviously she needs THERAPY, I’m not saying his theory is going to WORK. But the... art, or collections themselves?
Bill: I love that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea it's cute artistic concept
Bill: Yoooo I made jokes about this CG before playing but in context boy is Rika... what’s the word I’m looking for.
Bill: Silver tongued.
Bill: It’s a tad too... ~~culty~~ symbolic for me personally but they made her FEEL the manipulative person she’s made out to be.
Bill: Also Yoosung totally called everything lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Can't start a cult of your not charismatic
Bill: My phone gallery is full of quotable V and Jumin lines.
Bill: Fear.
Nokri (Marisa): Answer your mystic mess
Bill: By the end of today I’m going to need 2 or 3 hundred hourglasses to get all the chats and that’ll put my stock to 200ish. I’ll probably have to buy more.
Bill: And... I’m so hooked I’ll probably do the big one so I can play Ray.
Bill: Sobs cause expensive but also it’s so worth it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: There were chats at like, 11, 1 and 2 last night. I sleep at 10 during the week, I miss too many chats. 😭
Bill: And another story is long I keep putting chats off cause I don’t have enough time to play them and end up missing them.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You were up till 3 😂
Bill: Was it that late?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye
Bill: Not that I was going to play drunk. You literally told me not to do that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea you'd be lost in the morning
Aldus Larian (Jess): Esspecialy with those specific chats
Bill: Especially since the REVEAL happened based on the texts.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea shit goes down
Aldus Larian (Jess): Vs after ending is 80 * 8 hr glasses too
Bill: Yeaaaah guess imma just do it.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): could you send me your quotable Jumin lines? I need potential captions for instagram postings lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Later ye
Bill: They’re more quotable in the sense I would say that tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
