Aldus Larian (Jess): Wait did u finish both secret endings?
Bill: yeah.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Congrats on your engagement
Bill: Thanks I love my romantic interest using important life events to troll Jumin Han.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg I forgot about that
Aldus Larian (Jess): Doesn't he like propose using the robot or something.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I honestly forget so much of the secret end I was shook
Bill: The door I believe.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lol what a trip
Aldus Larian (Jess): I should really rewatch those 🤔
Bill: Jaehee's theme is doing a fairly decent job of keeping me relaxed when I got that edgelord itch feeling coming on.
Bill: I'm sure it was written for this exact purpose.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was like, really tired when I did part 2 the other day so part of it is a blur
Aldus Larian (Jess): I binged the whole thing at once and had no idea what I was in for so I was like <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971> !! I think I live blogged it to  Marisa the whole time
Aldus Larian (Jess): I watched it on a let's play channel and the girls comments were a little distracting tho
Bill: It was a bit of a blur to me too tbh.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's so much at once 😂
Bill: It's a lot of revelations in a short period of time, and I kept getting hung up on things V would say.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh? 🤔
Bill: He described his love for Rika through his photography.
Bill: That's all quality stuff.
Bill: And you know he's not very good at getting over things.
Bill: Kinda disappointed he didn't have some magic revelation that Rika wasn't... isn't... well, she's in love with him kinda but in a SUPER unhealthy way, and all that aside he didn't like. Find peace with his love.
Bill: He just got shot.
Bill: and died.
Bill: I'm sure his route will have more on him growing rather than... what he was doing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): U want spoilers
Bill: nah.
Bill: Anything I haven't spoiled will be fun to see.
Bill: I'mma do V soon.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Vs after end is really good!
Bill: The one where he becomes a Hippie?
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): wasn't it that v and rika didn't really love each other? they were obsessed?
or they had different types of love for each other?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well yes but it's still really good
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisa that's the spoiler <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): OH shh
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Bill: little late.
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't say anything <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): You didn't see that
Nokri (Marisa): see what
there was nothing to see
Bill: But yes, what they have is not. Love. It's... flawed.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Flawed. Toxic. Catastrophic.
Bill: What I wanted to see was V realizing that and choosing himself, which would then be why he dies for Seven.
Bill: That's always what I thought it was.
Nokri (Marisa): ||like, v loved rika in the way that you love an expensive gift. he was afraid of getting too close to her and wanted to admire her from afar instead, lest he break her or dirty her up in some way. she was like a trophy wife in that she was a literal trophy to be displayed.||
Bill: V decides to make the right choice once, to save Saeran and Seven.
Bill: And that's how he dies.
Bill: How he actually died is just... sad.
Nokri (Marisa): that's death for ya <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): V kinda lives for the boys. He's terrible at it but he would literally kill himself 500 time if it meant the boys would be ok
Bill: I relate to his obsessive nature so I want to see a story where it... doesn't lead to his demise.
Bill: Yeah, that's the feeling you get but then he. just gets shot.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well that's his story!
Nokri (Marisa): ye!! ^
Nokri (Marisa): ||though he gets rid of his obsessive nature and becomes a hippie||
Aldus Larian (Jess): Honestly. I like Vs ending better than sevens 😶
Bill: ~~until Ray's comes out~~
Bill: XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~yeet~~
Bill: Yeah I'm playing V. That was always the goal.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Overall everyone is better off in Vs end than sevens at the end of it
Aldus Larian (Jess): ||~~we don't talk about those 2 years in between tho~~||
Bill: I... might start tonight. We have laser tag and Grey towers this weekend, but those are relatively minor...
Bill: But if I wait a week it'd make more sense.
Bill: I have no idea what else I'm doing the memorial day weekend right now...
Bill: ~~hopefully something~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~I like how Bill's becoming more obsessed with this game than I am now~~
Bill: ~~I always was I just didn't want to miss chats cause I sleep at night~~
Bill: When I realized I could through 45 dollars into the game and play it at my own pace I was golden.
Nokri (Marisa): it's ok to miss chats sometimes
that just means you have to replay it
Nokri (Marisa): aren't you curious what they talk about when you're not in the room?
Bill: ~~only in real life~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): I really hope v is ok in Ray's end
Nokri (Marisa): everyone dead
Aldus Larian (Jess): ||and seven <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>||
Nokri (Marisa): ||u no he ded||
Aldus Larian (Jess): ||NOOOO||
Bill: Oh, it also helps I'm not playing the routes of characters I don't relate too. I like Yoosung, Jaehee, and Zen, but they aren't as interesting to get close to. If I actually had to do those three first, I'd have burnt out.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lol but they are the most realistic
Nokri (Marisa): are you sure? i think everyone had something to relate to
Nokri (Marisa): yeah
Bill: That said, I might be interested in Zen.
Bill: ironically.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea jaehee is SUPER relatable
Nokri (Marisa): you both like to drink the devil's juice
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO
Bill: I LIKE them. They just aren't characters I want to see the romance of.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Psh
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): jaehee's not a romance option she's a BFF <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: LOL
Bill: Accurate tho.
Bill: Seven would fake his death plenty of times over.
Aldus Larian (Jess): He prob already has
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Friend?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ship?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): No no I want something more
Nokri (Marisa): the friend ship <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Best friends
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Best friends forever
Bill: with some kind of.
Nokri (Marisa): it's the size of a luxury cruise liner
Bill: symbol.
Bill: ring like.
Bill: that represents how.
Bill: best friends.
Bill: they are.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah matching mood rings
Nokri (Marisa): they also have necklaces that are half of a heart, one says "best" and the other says "friend"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisa u watch monster factory right?
Nokri (Marisa): YWAH
Nokri (Marisa): YA
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://cloudibirb.tumblr.com/post/172121805696/based-on-this
Aldus Larian (Jess): This post killed me
Nokri (Marisa): garbage boy stink man
Nokri (Marisa): PERFECT BEAUTIFUL BUSINESS CHILD
Nokri (Marisa): no boi can beat knife dad though
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh what's knife dad I haven't actually seen that much monster factory
Aldus Larian (Jess): But the post still killed me
Nokri (Marisa): KNIFE DAD IS SO GOOD
Nokri (Marisa): it's a two parter
Aldus Larian (Jess): Cuz I could hear his voice
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *the perfect boy*
Nokri (Marisa): knife dad and the boy mayor are two of my favorites
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZUxrJhIHnU
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo I'll have to watch that later
Aldus Larian (Jess): Me phone dying need laptop
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): respecc jaehee juice
Nokri (Marisa): that's part 1/2 of knife dad,
here's part 1/3 of boy mayor for your viewing pleasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-3jDVTLdaQ
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "I'm surrounded by a world of super human demi-gods and I wanna roleplay as Ted Nugent" xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): Biru: I like characters I can relate too
Me: well Saeran my fav but I don't really relate to him. 
*Or maybe I do*
Bill: I think it's pretty normal to like people you relate too...
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye
Nokri (Marisa): i despise people who are too similar to me for absolutely no reason <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> 
there was a girl in high school and a guy in japan. they had the same humor and interests as me. the guy and I did our projects on the exact same subject and liked all the same shows. i hated their guts for no reason. sorry guys. <:f_respect:575713016297947157>
Nokri (Marisa): is a gun the same at level 1 and level 100? can a gun level up <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes I used to be kinda like that I think? But it's like subconscious I think
Aldus Larian (Jess): I say "I think too much"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh wait that reminds me of a V meme
Nokri (Marisa): the kill your double instinct
Bill: you drunk?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nope
Bill: Cause "I say X too much" is definitely a realization I make drunk.
Bill: Frequently.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm not even drinking fam
Bill: *20 bucks to anyone who can guess what I think I say too much*
Nokri (Marisa): nya
Nokri (Marisa): it's definitely nya
Aldus Larian (Jess): Uhhh 
You say "no shit" alot
Aldus Larian (Jess): Thats not it tho
Bill: Nah.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you say "nah" a lot
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Not it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh i found it
Bill: God I love him.
Bill: I totally do that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You do?
Bill: ~~If you never noticed I frequently give people easy outs of hangout requests in case they don't want to hang out with me and aren't willing to say it~~
Nokri (Marisa): o i literally say stuff like that all the time
Nokri (Marisa): exactly like that
Nokri (Marisa): "if you don't mind and aren't inconvenienced could i perhaps possibly please borrow that when you're not busy or using it and don't mind lending it to me?"
Nokri (Marisa): "sorry"
Aldus Larian (Jess): You ussually jusy say what the plan is and then see if people go along with imo
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh wheres that screenshot thats literaloy you hold up
Nokri (Marisa): ye at least online and from what i've seen irl you just state your thought and let people go along or against it
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH THAT'S ME!!
Nokri (Marisa): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): ray's route is such a mood
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): sorry if that's too forward of me to say
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~you and ray deserve all the love~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Even though you will both deny it
Amd say "no u"
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Nokri (Marisa): ray's such a good parallel of my self loathing mental state except he actually goes outside to look at flowers
Aldus Larian (Jess): Everytime you think "i hate myself" you just have to remeber that you domt want ray to hate himself and then you have to not hate yourself anymore
Aldus Larian (Jess): Life hack
Nokri (Marisa): but ray did nothing wrong ever whereas i am burnable garbage that can't even be recycled ^u^
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no u see. You are wrong.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Well I mean Ray killed me so.
Nokri (Marisa): that wasn't ray tho that was unknown
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): Shit i need to make a meme
Nokri (Marisa): go go go
Nokri (Marisa): your last one got over 600 notes
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA OMG
Aldus Larian (Jess): im patiently waiting for it to hiy 707 notes
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): quick guide to whos who around here
Nokri (Marisa): lewd but this is like an image that's never been posted in this channel i don't think which is super rare
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): MARISA POSTED A LEWD
Bill: It's not the first time.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i know i jk
Nokri (Marisa): NO I DIDN'T
Nokri (Marisa): YOU HAVE NO PROOF
Nokri (Marisa): they'll never find me alive
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh damn where sthat other saeran meme i made
Aldus Larian (Jess): the "upgarde"
"go back"
"I SAID GO BACK" ugh that was so good
Nokri (Marisa): u p g r a d e
Nokri (Marisa): i remember that one aaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): why do i not save things
Aldus Larian (Jess): im trying to search it but im just finding old gems marisa shared with me last year
Aldus Larian (Jess): i did make this from a kardashin (?) meme i think?
Nokri (Marisa): that's jumin's real twitter
Nokri (Marisa): he wrote that
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): MARISA you shared this like months ago
Nokri (Marisa): did i??? it's so fitting and perfect but also <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea im looking at memes from august and wow there are some good ones here
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres also this <:lenny:395307171539189760> 
http://www.lovedroids.com/avatars/a1353585.jpg
Nokri (Marisa): he's getting ready for sleep. he's putting on his pajamas.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i hope he has a good wholesome sleep
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao he will not stand for this
Nokri (Marisa): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!301927856240459777> I watched the whole Knife Dad vid
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and the next one where he creates a super group
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH IT'S SO GOOD
Nokri (Marisa): i watched the first one again, haven't rewatched the second one yet but i'm proud of the children
Nokri (Marisa): if you liked it i recommend the boy mayor of second life videos
Nokri (Marisa): also there's a response to the bug report let me find it
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: *Oh no Jumin I fear rejection*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Mark from Accounts Receivable*
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): tom said "that gun is really big"
so i said "no hes just small"
Aldus Larian (Jess): this arts been shared like 3 times but its still adorable
Bill: Huh. I killed myself.
Nokri (Marisa): oh
Aldus Larian (Jess): then how are you talking
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/387357219806642189/487273455520186371/4d9576a7a1e11d0e3345c5e66710e449.png
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok one more ~~for now~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): yes more good
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG amazing
Aldus Larian (Jess): I know u dont read fanfic but someone wrote a one shot of saeran talking his manicial laugher selfie at 3am and its amazing
Nokri (Marisa): they have to get their pictures just right
Aldus Larian (Jess): He spent like 2 hrs retaking it it was so fitting
Aldus Larian (Jess): Shit
I forgot i made this
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): GOOD STUFF
Nokri (Marisa): what a classic
Nokri (Marisa): post it immediately
Aldus Larian (Jess): I posted it months ago
Aldus Larian (Jess): I somehoe forgot to tag it properly though
Nokri (Marisa): repost time
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oo i just came acroes the letter that comes with saeran body pillow good stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): Did u see the comic that someone made to go with each one?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!!
Nokri (Marisa): people work so fast wow
Aldus Larian (Jess): God i wish that were me
Aldus Larian (Jess): Indidht tag it with #707 im an idiot
Aldus Larian (Jess): My first ever MM meme reblog
Nokri (Marisa): where it all began
Aldus Larian (Jess): Now look at me
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im trash
Nokri (Marisa): next level
Nokri (Marisa): a fine weeb
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh wait i did tag it 707 im just blind
Nokri (Marisa): You’re V
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no
Aldus Larian (Jess): At least i have great hair
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im gonna be brave and post an art to tumblr
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH DO IT!!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oo i scared
Nokri (Marisa): Don’t let your dreams be memes
Aldus Larian (Jess): I did it
Nokri (Marisa): It’s not coming up on my feed yet but I don’t think it’s refreshing aaaaaaaaaa pls refresh I gotta see art
Aldus Larian (Jess): It is not great™ but i liked it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I remember the "or how I learned to stop worrying about the bomb" meme
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): from the first time I played
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have been remembered
Aldus Larian (Jess): I can die in peace
Aldus Larian (Jess): You guys didn't have to play the secret end this sums it ip
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's tagged incorrect quotes but this is dead accurate
Bill: I wanna be Maryyyy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ow sweet a vaderwood cosplayer
Bill: Where?
Aldus Larian (Jess): You said you wanted to be mary
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mary Vanderwood the Third
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Mary Vanderwood the Third is best girl
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh. Biru you'll like Vanderwood in Vs route
Bill: I want to not careeee
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG BIRU
Bill: w=hat?
Aldus Larian (Jess): You're too much 😂
Nokri (Marisa): <:huh:555585958146473984> 
Are y’all ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah fam
Bill: I'm apparently totally unable to count so now.
Bill: also <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~did my art ever post Marisa~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Unable to count?
Nokri (Marisa): My feed won’t refresh it’s stuck on a review on a random jacket from an aesthetic post <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh rip. It has no notes which isn't surprising but I wanna make sure it posted at least
Nokri (Marisa): I went straight to your blog and that worked <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh whooo
Nokri (Marisa): Help him
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisa has gifted me a single drop of seratonin
Bill: a what now?
Nokri (Marisa): It’s locally sourced
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk I didn't think it was that bad? If it has no more notes by morning maybe I delete
Nokri (Marisa): **never delet**
Nokri (Marisa): It gonna go viral
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I went on to Tumblr for.the first.time in forever to go like Jess's post but I guess she's switched accounts since then and her old one has been hacked <@351471675843411978>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Which means I don't follower her anymore.. rip, no going and likeing her post..
Aldus Larian (Jess): LOL WHAT I didn't even realise I had an old Tumblr
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wanna make extra salary?
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): Today, I be brave again.
I'm gonna post a fanfic I wrote once I figure out how AO3 works
Aldus Larian (Jess): I did it ya'l prob sounds stupid but im so self conscious of my work im like actually proud of myself
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Going to share the link?
Aldus Larian (Jess): do you want it 😮 its Ray/SaeranxMC
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeahhh!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I didn't know you wrote one
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i started it along time ago then finished it like a month ago?
Aldus Larian (Jess): its short
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I wrote a shitty ghost one, and cc x Lelouch one
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And didn't finish either
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://archiveofourown.org/works/18804640
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh and that one Aurii one that'll never see the light of day
Aldus Larian (Jess): theyre ghosts? 😮
Elfriede Faun (Tom): No-no separate stories
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~I have other drafts too~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ghost like da band?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nooo lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It was a typical anime story but there was a ghost girl
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like ano hana but scary
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It was bad
Aldus Larian (Jess): OHHH ok lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Real bad
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The ghost girls name was Arima
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I think
Aldus Larian (Jess): but was that fan fic or just a story?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i actually have an outline for a multi chapter fic, and like 4 chapters drafted~~
Bill: Just write it. I’ll beta read for you.
Bill: You only improve by doing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i am writing it! sharing is terrifying tho lol
Bill: You can write it without me betaing too but I’m just trying to be helpful.
Aldus Larian (Jess): thank for the offer, if u do read the one i posted and find any errors let me know
Aldus Larian (Jess): i read over it like 10 times over a long period of time but im sure i missed stuff
Bill: I’ll read it later.
Aldus Larian (Jess): okey dokey ~~you dont have to tho~~
Bill: I want to support your work.
Bill: I know, shocking.
Aldus Larian (Jess): No! It's not shocking I'm just extremely shy about sharing stuff and I get the fear ™ easily and im known to take criticism really hard
Bill: there were like, two sentences I saw with odd language. But I had trouble finding grammar mistakes cause I was getting sucked into the writing, which is really good.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: I can point grammar out later if you want, but I’m not much for grammar.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea sure! i knew there would be something cuz it hasnt been read by anyone but me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I found a couple grammar mistakes/missing words? You also tend to add commas in sentences where periods would probably be more appropriate, but I don't want to be overly critical about that lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA im a comma whore D:
Aldus Larian (Jess): i try to be aware of it XD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~proofreading was my shit on the SAT~~
Bill: Yeah. Nothing I couldn’t get the flow of the story from. That’s what’s important to me in reading, a sense of flow that I can get into the story on.
Bill: Your storytelling is very good.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ye it was really good story-wise!
Bill: There were only like two times I was like “how many adjectives can you use to describe this thing?”
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAY! thanks guys.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea I know its not perfect, i like adjectives and commas alot but if the story was good then im happy. I think my characterization was ok?
Bill: Oh yeah.
Bill: Adjectives aren’t bad, I just notice when something has a large amount of them describing it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I know the little tidbit at the end isnt canon but i watched a couple interviews of people with DID they said the car thing is how it feels when your other personalities are "in the background" but not in full control and also ALOT of people with DID have a child personality so i thought it would be neat
Nokri (Marisa): JESS IS AN AUTHOR
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😮
Aldus Larian (Jess): thank you for reading my garbage rambles <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh also from research i learned that in cases of DID personalities do not merge, which is what happens in that game so i thought Id introduce good end saeran as a new personality instead of a convergence of two others
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm going through again to find the things I found. There's a few punctuation things I found as well (excluding your commas lol). I can go through and make some edit suggestions, but some of it is kind of nitpicky so if you don't want a hardcore proofread I can go easy lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea! that would be great actually, thanks. from now on I can let you guys look at stuff before I post if you are interested I just didnt want to bother anyone with something they might no be interested in
Bill: Go reread my lecture to Marisa about asking if people are interested rather than assuming and replace the names.
Bill: Especially since we’re mystic messenger trash because of you.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but you dont even like saeran that much and you havent played another story. and its more my own problem sharing then the assumption you're not interested, i just didnt want anyone to feel obligated? my shame at my expressing myself is a deep routed problem ive been working on for years and it cant be changed with a "lecture". the support is much appreciated though
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): These are the edits I came up with. I didn't go through all of the commas but if that's something you want to work on I can go back and add my edit recommendations for those as well 😄
Aldus Larian (Jess): bless, thank you. the commas ill just try to be more mindful of in the future
Aldus Larian (Jess): is it just the 2? 😮
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Huh?
Aldus Larian (Jess): it it just the highlighted space and the letter in red? or are there more that aren't highlighted/in red?
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless this chrome extension for word just hates me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): There should be a bunch of comments off to the side
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh probably
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea i dont have word D:
Aldus Larian (Jess): AH HAH i converted it to google docs
Aldus Larian (Jess): i see now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): here's PDF just in case
Aldus Larian (Jess): tysm!
Aldus Larian (Jess): it is very hard to proof your own work. Plus im a terrible speller and i typed alot of this on my phone also
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): any time!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): proofreading was like, the *one* thing about English class I always enjoyed
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my best section on the SAT and unfortunately the one section of the SAT colleges don't give a shit about
Aldus Larian (Jess): D:!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can proofread, but not write.
Writing section of SAT that was correcting sentences, nearly perfected it 
Writing section of SAT that was the essay, I think I got like a 6/10
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea, i dont remember my separate scores.  but i always liked the writing parts of the tests, or reading comprehension
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I suck so hard at reading comprehension
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Had to really rely on my math skills
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea my skills suck buts
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): In grade school, my report card would always be like, mid to high 90s in everything except reading would be like low to mid 80s (which at the time was a crisis for me because I needed to be smart™)
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was fine with math until like 6th grade? my English grade was always one of the highest though, it was my only honors class in high school
