Bill: I don’t think nothing means what you think it means there buddy.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's nothing
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa seven calm down there is a only day 3, your childhood traumas starting to show.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Zen, making rat tails look good since 20uhhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): 2016 <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Me for cosplays
Bill: That’s Rays photo... 🤔 😏
Bill: V come save me from my ~~totally voluntary~~ imprisonment!
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): jaehee where tf did u get that
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~also its cute that Ray says he likes to take photos~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~its cuz V taught him, but dont remind him~~
Bill: ~~Ray isn’t that cute~~
Bill: I have theories on why I don’t, but doing SOME work before I go back to goofing off.
Bill: ~~of course I picked up my phone to do a new chat room so~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): its ok to have a different opinion, i just like that you can see where V has influenced him even though he doesn't like to acknowledge that himself
Bill: Yeah!
Bill: They’re so much more in-depth in another story!
Bill: ~~seriously everything V and Jumin say feels like things I need to hear I’m so glad I started this route~~
Bill: Jumin, calling out V on being obsessive:
Bill: 
Bill: ❤️🧡💚💚💙
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): V and Jumin are so gay in this route
Nokri (Marisa): It was always meant to be
Bill: FRIENDSHIP
Bill: COMPASSION!
Aldus Larian (Jess): excuse
Bill: I literally could careless about any chat other than Jumin Seven and V this route.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you say "thats gay" regarding friendship all the time
Bill: Yeah?
Bill: I don’t have a problem with you saying their gay?
Bill: I’m not “correcting” you, I’m cheering on their friendship and compassion for on another.
Bill: I’d say I need me a Jumin to my V (or is it the other way around), but it would. Be myself.
Bill: I want like, a fancy word art thing of that Jumin quote.
Bill: Like what Katy made decades ago and she was going to *throw out* the silly girl.
Bill: I LOVE this.
Nokri (Marisa): Idk what traits to give Saeran in the sims
For seven I did computer whiz as his ambition, and his traits are goofball, slob, and geek?
And Saeran so far is... freelance botanist as his ambition?? Idk. His traits are genius, gloomy, and jealous but I feel that’s a bit harsh
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo what are the traits
Nokri (Marisa): There a lot!! But also not enough lol rip
https://m.ign.com/wikis/the-sims-4/Traits
Nokri (Marisa): <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): YES BUNNY SLIPPERS
Bill: Aww Jumin and his Dad having lunch is so pure.
Aldus Larian (Jess): IT HIM i look at traits after this chatroom
Nokri (Marisa): Am work on Jumin now
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea goofball is perf for seven
Aldus Larian (Jess): might i suggest hot headed, self assured and romantic for zen?
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh shit theres more
Nokri (Marisa): They don’t have jumins hair aaa
OH hot headed and romantic are perfect for Zen omg
Nokri (Marisa): For Jumin I have fabulously wealthy as his ambition, but traits are also kind of negative. Self assured, snob, and perfectionist
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Insane
These Sims can use special self-interactions such as Talk to Self. Also, their Emotions become unpredictable.
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMAO THERES A BRO TRAIT
Nokri (Marisa): At least they have his suits
YEAH BRO 🤘
Nokri (Marisa): I n s a n e
Aldus Larian (Jess): Family-Oriented
These Sims trigger the Happy Emotion when near related Sims and gain special social commands to boast about their family. However, they'll trigger Sad if it's been a while since they've interacted with their family.
*cries in Seven*
Nokri (Marisa): I can replace one of saeran’s with insane. Probably gloomy
Nokri (Marisa): I it’s called erratic instead of insane lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think saerans traits are pretty accurate , but yea swapping gloomy would be good, gloomy seems more V? esspecially since it ":boost creative carer types"
Aldus Larian (Jess): im trying to find a more positive one for jumin
Aldus Larian (Jess): loner prob good for saeran too
Aldus Larian (Jess): jealous is good for juju too
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg makee vandy and give him "neat"
Aldus Larian (Jess): yoosung: childish, bro, and good
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe unflirty for jumin?
Aldus Larian (Jess): this is fun
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo I didn’t realize gloomy had a career perk
NEAT VANDY
Bro yoosung *yes*
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe art lover, gloomy, and creative for v?
Nokri (Marisa): and his room can be full of cameras
Nokri (Marisa): and sunflowers
Nokri (Marisa): and a cactus
Nokri (Marisa): im gonna make jumin's room like a palace and jaehee's gonna have the closet next to it
Nokri (Marisa): OR i could move them all into different houses <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG
Aldus Larian (Jess): give me 3 hrs im commin over
Nokri (Marisa): PLAY PLAY PLAY
Nokri (Marisa): ~~sims 4 is free and we can share families through the internet~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😮
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats cray!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): ~~We have it already in our origin account~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): so me and mawisa can play together?
Nokri (Marisa): *you have no excuse not to play it*
Nokri (Marisa): i don't know if there's multiplayer, but there's definitely ways of sharing creations
Nokri (Marisa): so we can be like "omg you'll never guess what my jumin did" "oh really? because my zen did THIS"
Nokri (Marisa): two families that live next door to each other, mint eye and RFA <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH NO D:
Aldus Larian (Jess): or you put them in like pairs of roomates
Aldus Larian (Jess): yoosung and zen
V and Jumin
Aldus Larian (Jess): MC and Jaehee
Saeran and seven
and none for rika (jk)
Aldus Larian (Jess): seven and yoosung could be roomates too
Aldus Larian (Jess): put the twins and yoosung together, they can run the home heating on just computers
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk if thats a factor in the sims
Nokri (Marisa): they'll have such a huge electricity bill omg
Nokri (Marisa): gotta use cheats to make seven and jumin rich
Nokri (Marisa): vandy living with seven
Aldus Larian (Jess): so many possibilities
Nokri (Marisa): we'll just have to make them all come true
Aldus Larian (Jess): I left jumin on read because the options were like tell him hes boring or tell him you love him
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think telling him he's boring actually gets you hearts from him lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): WTFFF JUMIN PLZ
Aldus Larian (Jess): well now i gotta see
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I could be wrong, but I feel like I remember selecting that and getting hearts and I was also like *WTFFF JUMIN PLZ*
Aldus Larian (Jess): IT DID WTF
Aldus Larian (Jess): JUMIIINNN
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lmaooo
Bill: from Cosventions:

Meming aside, V in mint eye cause he's a dumbass who has to fix everything himself, especially if he was the problem in the first place. And he doesn't ask for help cause someone could get hurt helping him and he can't live with that!
Nokri (Marisa): he's also incredibly obsessive and dependent towards rika and is trying to get her back
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: ooooh I was going to ask a question but I realize it'll totally come up in V's route so I'll wait.
Nokri (Marisa): what's the question? owo
i won't answer it i just wanna hear
Bill: Was it V who left Rika or did Rika push V away. He seems to have stuck with being away from Rika the last 6 months, so I always thought it was cause he pulled himself outta the obsessive hole for a moment and put the distance between them.
Bill: I realize it could totally be he's following Rika's wishes to keep away even if it's all he wants.
Bill: oof.
Bill: I'd pay cash money to watch Jumin play a dating game.
Bill: You can recommend to try it in a text.
Nokri (Marisa): Yoosung is the hardest so far for clothes 
Jaehee was super easy
Nokri (Marisa): There’s no acting aspiration omg
Guess Hyun’s gonna have a weird aspiration
Aldus Larian (Jess): D:! how dare
Aldus Larian (Jess): EZ plz
Nokri (Marisa): There’s no hair for him either aaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): nuuuuu
Aldus Larian (Jess): modders save us
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmao
Bill: what.
Bill: 
Bill: "Trying to dodge Zen's overflowing flirtiness when all you want is Yoosung's★ route"
Bill: Yoosung's apparently the easiest route in existence.
Aldus Larian (Jess): easy in what way?
Bill: You guys all got his route first right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): no i got zen
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz mawisa told me id like him <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): Zen looks absolutely terrible but I got his ponytail in even though it’s wrapped around the back
At least he can wear a towel to bed
Aldus Larian (Jess): you had limited resources
Nokri (Marisa): All the adults have unmovable bags under their eyes aaaa
Nokri (Marisa): Or not bags but wrinkles
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats ok, none of these people sleep
Aldus Larian (Jess): is it seven or ray thats like "dont worry, i got 4 hours last night!"
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I got a full 30 minutes
Nokri (Marisa): HOW IS V ANIME BISHOUNEN AND ZEN IS CHAIRMAN HAN??
Nokri (Marisa): Oh v is set to young adult
Im gonna swap their ages
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmfao
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg 😂
Nokri (Marisa): Rika will be the last one. She’s evil, cheerful, and erratic with a popularity ambition for now
Aldus Larian (Jess): Chairman han 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): That sounds about right
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): This chat always gets too real for me
Nokri (Marisa): **tom**
Aldus Larian (Jess): Such a familiar name 😏
Nokri (Marisa): Oh no we don’t know Rikas full name do we
Hmmmm
Nokri (Marisa): Mina Kim?
Nokri (Marisa): Should I make her and V lovers
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn girl didn't even have to change her last name if she married V
Nokri (Marisa): Wiggles fingers
The gangs all here
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's them! The bands back together!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Poor zen
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Poor 50 year old zen
Aldus Larian (Jess): He always take about how good looking he is so lokfe is taking him down a notch
Nokri (Marisa): *zen*
Nokri (Marisa): arfsdhjfgkg
Nokri (Marisa): he's the worst, followed by v and yoosung and jumin
Nokri (Marisa): saeran is the most spot on he even has tattoos
Aldus Larian (Jess): Everyone else looks fine
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa I wanna see
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aww seven and saeran have matching shoes
Nokri (Marisa): I forgot vandy oops sorry vandy
I wish he could be the maid
Aldus Larian (Jess): OHhHH no vandy!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Can you add?
Nokri (Marisa): I think so!
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): I can also split up the household but I’m not sure if I should do that and have everyone be neighbors or what
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoo vandy
Nokri (Marisa): Oh wait no I can’t add him I’ve hit the limit aaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo yea who gonna live with who
Aldus Larian (Jess): Awww 😭
Nokri (Marisa): I can add him if I split everyone up
Nokri (Marisa): Oh man I am not good at house designing I’m gonna make a mess
Nokri (Marisa): There’s a Huge basement for cult stuff I got that
Aldus Larian (Jess): What else do you need
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Ray: “join my cult babe”
Mc: “I’m not so sure”
Ray: “WHATWASTHATididnthearyou better get ready for your BIG day!”
Bill: Dis boi.
Nokri (Marisa): So rika and Saeran live together in the basement which is hidden in the pool shed out back

Everyone else lives dorm style with V and Jumin living in really big rooms and everyone else in regular sized rooms
Nokri (Marisa): Ray is excited for her because she’s becoming part of his family
Bill: Ye.
Bill: Family.
Bill: So much is going on I’m just waiting for it to turn officially V route.
Nokri (Marisa): Ye family! Haven’t you ever joined a cult
Bill: I started one.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like when he asks if you like bitter things and I was like "yea!" And he's like "oh great, I have something you're gonna LOVE"
Aldus Larian (Jess): I was just speaking the truth
Aldus Larian (Jess): I will see if the other cult members are jelly that Ray doesn't have to wear a robe
Nokri (Marisa): Probably a little bit? He’s special tho and they know they gotta listen to him
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mr. Ray
Nokri (Marisa): They know he’s probably suffered the most
Aldus Larian (Jess): He can't wear robes cuz then the believers won't know if they are dealing with nice boi or anger boi
Nokri (Marisa): True
Nokri (Marisa): That’s it that’s the reason
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's like color coding
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive prob shared that before but o well
Nokri (Marisa): He escape
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😮 who?
Nokri (Marisa): 707
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah hes right there!
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): *not for long*
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im watching this Netflix show and the couple tries role play and the guy is like "what with that fake voice, I'm a professional theater actor i need this to feel authentic" and im like ~~"oh ok zen"~~
