Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): I should attend another story again last night but in my half asleep state after playing the 40 min prolouge I forgot about the 12am chat 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aw shit I'mma need to go home on lunch and get my charger
Bill: Why don't you keep one in your office? Was there any reason?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Never really thought about it I only have 1 that works right I need to replace the other
Bill: aaah.
Bill: I have like a dozen cables for mine, but if you only have the one it makes sense.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm guessing not, but do you at least have a cable lying around? you could plug into your computer
Bill: my magic formula is 3 chargers: One at home, one at work, and one to carry.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have one thats usb one on one side and usbc ont he other but i still need a another usb then lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH WAIT
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have my battery pack!
Aldus Larian (Jess): with the cable too so i can plug that into my computer also whoo
Aldus Larian (Jess): i forgot i stuck in in my bag last weekend
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just remembered that I had bought a wireless charger for work but I never use it because the little metal piece I have on the back of my phone for my dash mount makes it basically useless. So I've been using my computer to charge and it's a *really* slow charge. Like, *maybe* will charge 10% in like, *an hour*? Just remembered there's an actual AC adapter with the wireless charger <:facepalm:583111880990523394>
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanted to get a wireless charger for mine but my phone apparently doesnt allow wireless charging unless its like one specific charger.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what phone do you have?
Aldus Larian (Jess): google pixel XL the first gen
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooh gotcha
Aldus Larian (Jess): the real mystic messenger experience is planning your work day around around your chat timings
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Bath bomb shoot! Lol
Bill: I have the lights to do one.
Aldus Larian (Jess): owo
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think ray prob fits it best but i no has ray, suit saeran could work too i guess. i would an actual nice bathtub tho
Bill: Mine's not *nice* but it's recently cleaned professionally?
Bill: ~~I'd say you could do something other than MM but lol right~~
Bill: If you get enough flowers and bath bomb it should be fine no matter the tub I guess?
Bill: Only one way to find out. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Aldus Larian (Jess): well my whole concept was from the elixr so yea i could if my goal was just  bath bomb but its not
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah my tubs gross
Bill: ooooh elixir, that smart.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and would be best if tub is white (not sure what color tubs y'all have)
Bill: Beige? I think?
Aldus Larian (Jess): (its clean its just old and permanently stained)
Aldus Larian (Jess): mines white or i mean it was white in 1960
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm jsut used to mine which is an awful green
Aldus Larian (Jess): o think mine might have been a different color and then it was painted?
Bill: wouldn't the paint have washed off?
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah they make special paint for the purpose of painting tubs, appliances and so on
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://tenor.com/view/who-me-bryancranston-gif-4786681
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ray: "MC, who's your favorite character?"
MC: "You"
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://tenor.com/view/who-me-bryancranston-gif-4786681
