Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok so since sketching seven/deacon (fallout 4) all I can think a out is how much they have in common
Aldus Larian (Jess): Meme Lord
Actually super depressed
Disguises 
Secret Agent 
Pushes you away when you try to access his tragic backstory
~~why tf wasn't deacon romancable ahhhhh~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Did I share this one yesterday? 
Welp y'all gonna get it now
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Hawt
Bill: “Did you eat today”
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Kyoot
Nokri (Marisa): she has no eyes she's **anger**
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~sexually frustrated~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): ~~That's why she's asking if he's eaten today~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH SHIT
Bill: ~~Tom got it~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~he about too~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *"You don't get to tell me I can't love you"*
Aldus Larian (Jess): I did not read the message above that before I sent it
Aldus Larian (Jess): I would like to call bullshit on saeran bleaching his hair with his schedule. My hair takes 4 hours to get to whitish blonde because I have red *undertones* <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): scheduled magenta spa day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I would also like to call bullshit on his hair going back to red so quickly
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA wtf. Unless he like dyed it back?
Nokri (Marisa): skipped spa day
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lol magenta spa day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Although I guess maybe there was a significant time skip
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Would take a lot of time to get him in a more stable mental state
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes. I don't think they actually ever said how much time past
Aldus Larian (Jess): He actually let his hair go back to red because he couldn't do to his regular hair person from mint eye anymore
Bill: Wait I was DUMB
Bill: I’ve got the secret endings to watch!
Bill: Also V is here!
Bill: Whattty
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lol I thought maybe you were just gonna ignore them
Nokri (Marisa): Tell him I said hi
Bill: Nah why?
Bill: This shit great.
Bill: Rika depressed as fuck. That whole conversation was like “I’d say that” for both of them.
Bill: I love that Jumin is their solution. “He’s rich he must be able to protect us”.
Bill: My guy you have issues.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ya think?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Everyone is depressed
Bill: Fuck I missed the screen cap but vandy saying “why is everyone in the rfa so complicated” is GOLD
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA that parts gold
Nokri (Marisa): You can go back and get it on the log
Bill: Fucking vanderwood is cracking me up
Bill: He’s like 11 days late to the RFA’a tea party and trying to catch up on the fly.
Nokri (Marisa): vandy right now
Nokri (Marisa): vandy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Vanderwood is amazing
Bill: I didn’t have much love for him in sevens route itself since he was nagging the whole time.
Bill: But now.
Bill: What a guy.
Bill: V is a good, if. Very obsessed boi.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): They let you flirt with vandy on Vs route lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's it that's the game
Nokri (Marisa): i thought this was a cactus slung over his shoulder whoops
Bill: Fucking I hit the video again.
Bill: Damn credit video.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I was trying to find a candy meme but I can't
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: That’s perfect ngl
Bill: Give vandy a route.
Bill: Secret 1 finished.
Bill: So uh.
Bill: V just gets shot pretty much at random huh.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: It’s not really. Heroic. Or redeeming.
Bill: THATS AMAZING
Nokri (Marisa): rest in pieces v
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Cuuuuute
Bill: Like Saeran just. Snaps, shoots at random, hits V, and that just so happens to break Rika cause *she does care about V some...how...* and.
Bill: Then everything is fixed.
Bill: Kinda.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea everythings fine <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Okay everything is a mess, but no ones going to die in the immediate 24 hours via elixir.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Just gunshots yea
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): magenta vanderwood would be need to see
Bill: BNE: “what’s Aurii”
Me: Jaehee
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Or rather, Aurii is Jaehee and BNE is Zen.
Bill: Secret 2 let’s gooooo
Nokri (Marisa): so we're obsessed with bne and would die for it?
Bill: What?
Bill: Jaehee and Zen.
Bill: V isn’t involved.
Nokri (Marisa): we spend our days off watching reruns of BNE movies and thinking about its abs
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): we don't want bne getting a girlfriend because it could ruin its career, we just want what's best for it
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao yea
Bill: You’ve lost me.
Bill: So much flashback content holy crap. If only we had 11 days of time to spread this over.
Nokri (Marisa): `Aurii is Jaehee and BNE is Zen`
Nokri (Marisa): bne and aurii be like
Bill: Jaehee is the only one worthy enough from casual route to get that deep story secrets.
Bill: I was referring to the screen cap conversation... Aurii is the secret chat...
Nokri (Marisa): jaehee's route has enough seven and jumin in it that it's basically deep story
Bill: Thats a reaction
Bill: HAHAHA
Bill: Vandy: I need a job
Jaehee: Want mine
Aldus Larian (Jess): He mad
Aldus Larian (Jess): "just wait till I get my sit together then it's I we for you punks"
Bill: *Hes too genre savvy retreat*
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: What they’re just going to wave Rika’s crimes cause she snapped?
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): the criminally insane can't be charged guilty for crimes
Nokri (Marisa): that's why you can plead insanity in court
Nokri (Marisa): idk about the korean law system but that's the US standard <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I actually don't remember what happens
Nokri (Marisa): ||she's sent to alaska i think?||
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye
Bill: Yoosung and Zen are like “poor Rika”.
Bill: Saeran uses game boy on therapist! It’s super effective!
Aldus Larian (Jess): is that what he throws? 😂
Bill: Ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): My mom had all the daffodils planted next to lily of the valley 
Me: *is this a Mystic Messenger reference*
Aldus Larian (Jess): LOL saeran plz
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wonder if it's the same gameboy from that one cg of seven. <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Bill: Everything better yaaaaaay?
Nokri (Marisa): [props v
Bill: Guess you don’t get the mint eye story till another story.
Bill: It’s okay.
Bill: He was happy to die for Rika.
Bill: ~~it’s not okay~~
Bill: I was wondering if I’d feel the Saeran love in the secret endings but... I’m still more interested in V and Rika.
Nokri (Marisa): v route?
Bill: That’s next.
Bill: It still 11 days?
Nokri (Marisa): yee
Bill: Probably want to wait on that then... busy weekends coming up.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's all related anyway <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
