El氣電e Faun (Tom): : k
Bill: 
Bill: V is back, birthday chats over.
Nokri (Marisa): we riot
Bill: Something something V needs love something.
Aldus Larian (Jess): He been the cover image for 5 months
Bill: Yeee I thought it would have been a permanent change tbh.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Need new cover 沽ｭ
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Being back the Choi boys
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah they usually change them back after bday. We'll prob get a new permanent with saeran/Ray's AE?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I wish it'd at least shuffle between various images instead of the same CG for 5 months...
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeaaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): It was this one for a long time
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oo I think it was that one when they released Ray's route? That's the one they had when I started playing and I thought that was seven lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think it was this one before that
Nokri (Marisa): they had this one on the longest, it was always the default they reverted back to
Nokri (Marisa): o yeah!! for v's route and ray's route because they were released separately!
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Oh the camera one is nice.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Vs been on the perma screen for like 2 years damn boi
Bill: Yo I wonder if that super V fangirl will be at CCE.
Aldus Larian (Jess): god i hope not my life was in danger
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): they were from like maine or someshit
Bill: I窶冦 not a fake fan now I can go FUCK YEAH V.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~instead of trying to get me murdered~~
Bill: Random: I窶冦 fucking dumb.
Bill: why did I make an internal user list for RFA mode, it could have been a discord role.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~dont try to change the subject~~ <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Is this Jumin Han?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh god <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): HOLY FUC
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Wait this isn't you talking to someone right
El氣電e Faun (Tom): This is a meme
Bill: Meme ye.
Aldus Larian (Jess): If it's not I'm afraid for Erik's safety
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Trust me, Gabriel isn't my type
Aldus Larian (Jess): But he selected you
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's a shame
