Aldus Larian (Jess): https://sensetenou.tumblr.com/post/186909264608/tiny-muscles-tiny-muscles-hee-hee-hee-tiny
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok I was really not expecting that and I fucking died
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): tag yourself Im Pup-V
Bill: Jumnyan.
Nokri (Marisa): saerabbit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also Pup-V
El氣電e Faun (Tom): lololololol as he naruto runs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oo cute!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Him rage
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *"Dammit Seven, you saved over my current save file..."*
Bill: > Implying Zen is tech savvy enough to use a switch
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You're confusing Zen with Jumin
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats why he raging
Bill: Zen is also an idiot with technology.
Bill: Well, no cell phone tech.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~is a switch really that more complicated than a phone tho~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/mystic-messenger/images/c/c6/Zen_Sticker_06.gif/revision/latest?cb=20190527082631
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe hes just really into vintage computers
Bill: Or pissing off Yoosung.
Aldus Larian (Jess): In I think its rays route? yoosung goes to zens house to cry about rika and hes like "whoa your ocmputer is old af" and zens like "nah man its got windows 2000" and everyones like WHAT
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): at least zen can use a camera and knows how a vending machine works
Bill: That was V.
Bill: After or regular.
Bill: I remember it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo ok i knew it was another story
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ```In Another Story, Zen is illiterate when it comes to modern electronic devices, and aside from his phone, he had outdated devices like the Walkingman and an old 386 computer running on Hindows98; both purchased at junk shops. Seven had to teach him how to use his smartphone and give him a laptop running on Hindows 7.```
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you rite
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA!
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats what it was 98 not 200 even worse
Aldus Larian (Jess): just image seven telling zen to 'tap" on some app and zen does the pushing thing old people do lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): or slamming his finger down as hard as he can
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~my mom does that and it pisses me off~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMMGG
Aldus Larian (Jess): he has 10 pages with one app each and sevens like "y tho"
Aldus Larian (Jess): 40 notifications he doesn't know how to clear
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): has to upgrade his micro SD card because he filled up 64GB with selfies
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, headcanon, Zen would have a Galaxy S10 because it has 5 cameras
Aldus Larian (Jess): seven has them all backed up for his tripter bot but zen doesnt trust him so he prints them all out and files them
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG yes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wait, no. the S10 5G because it was *6 cameras*
Aldus Larian (Jess): aw shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but he wouldn't know how to use any of the fancy ones
Aldus Larian (Jess): zen plz
Nokri (Marisa): In all his selfies he has whatever this is
Aldus Larian (Jess): prob one of those asia only phones
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo my phone was illegal in japan
Aldus Larian (Jess): my friend bought her phone in japan and then had to have it unlocked to come home
Nokri (Marisa): :0 so you know why?
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah no clue
Nokri (Marisa): I was able to use my American phone every time except the first (because flip phone and technology hasn窶冲 advanced so far yet) and the only issues I ran into were when I traveled far I窶囘 have to restart to get internet access again
Nokri (Marisa): People were always surprised that I could silence my phone tho, all Japanese phones are required by law to make a loud shutter sound when taking a picture because of perverts
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh damn
Aldus Larian (Jess): i never actually read this in game
Nokri (Marisa): READ IT
Nokri (Marisa): ~~apparently neither did yoosung~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): "thanks to cows and my imagination"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I like how the word "imagination" gets progressively larger
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Researching Korean gun laws (for fanfic):
The following types of people cannot legally own a gun:
- People under age 20, except for a training athlete with a permit.
- People with impaired mental capacity, including those who have been convicted of drug addiction.

Saeran, who is 19 in another story with serious mental disorders and a drug addiction: Has gun
Bill: What about saeran is *legal*.
Aldus Larian (Jess): cant break the laws if you dont exist to the government <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): could saeran have gotten a gun through mandatory military service when he was 18?
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah cuz he doesn't exist in government systems so he wouldn't have had to do the mandatory service
Aldus Larian (Jess): only hunters are allowed to own guns it looks like? and only hunting rifles, only cops have handguns. if you own a gun you have to store it at the police station also. but u can have a crossbow!
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~when will the rfa do their military time?~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe they all claimed mental instability and got out of it with community service instead
Aldus Larian (Jess): and now im in a completely unrelated research hole whoo
Aldus Larian (Jess): saerans after end is that seven comes back and the prime minister is arrested so the twins can be legal citizens and the government is like "alright time to join the military you 2!"
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao every other article is just "BTS will eventually have to break up to do their military time"
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok well none of that helped me at all, im not even sure what i was originally looking for
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Tikur (Kurtis): Found this and thought y'all might like it
Aldus Larian (Jess): this kills the man
Bill: wholesome.
Bill: ish.
Nokri (Marisa): why is jumin wearing mc's pants
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whaaa? 沽ｮ
Nokri (Marisa): she touch the pants and say "mine" so jumin must have put on the wrong pants
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yes... that's... what it is
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea that's it!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): silly Jumin
Aldus Larian (Jess): When you feel cute for the the first time in ~~for~~ ever and need to take a mirror selfie
El氣電e Faun (Tom): What a cutie
El氣電e Faun (Tom): im guessing this picture is probably old news but
El氣電e Faun (Tom): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): HE
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
