Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEEE
Bill: I forgot to share this earlier cause yeah.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ohhh no u did we we're just distracted bully other stuff going on
Bill: Ah.
Bill: Oops.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ahh yes
Elfriede Faun (Tom): MIRIAMZAPAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): thats the name i always get you confused for
Elfriede Faun (Tom): and whos JOES
Elfriede Faun (Tom): severel joes?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Multiple
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hnng
https://www.instagram.com/p/BxvA8K7AJ4D/?igshid=12prxyam7bogt
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH Tom's has a keychain by this artist
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): This is the arts me Tom and Billy dumped money on at otakon
Elfriede Faun (Tom): MY LANYARD IS FROM THERE AND BILLYS JOURNAL
Aldus Larian (Jess): And my RFA pin!
Bill: Oh yeeee I know them.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): We bought so much Nier shit from them
Bill: Soon to be mystic messenger probably.
Bill: Jaehee is catholic though?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah like all of the characters are
Nokri (Marisa): except maybe zen? and yoosung?
Nokri (Marisa): yoosung's family is though
Bill: So she is religious. Silly Jaehee.
Nokri (Marisa): religion is weird
you can have a religion and not be religious, it's like a society
or you can be religious but not identify with one religion
Nokri (Marisa): though there's a religion for just about everything so you're bound to align with one of them
Bill: And cults for everything else...!
Nokri (Marisa): cults are a kind of religion or a way of life
Aldus Larian (Jess): Jaehee, Seven, "Rika, and V" are catholic
Jumin is Christian 
There rest don't have one
Nokri (Marisa): a cult doesn't realize it's a cult, unless it's a self-professed one like the rocky horror cult
Aldus Larian (Jess): V used to be Christian but then he convertednfor Rika
Nokri (Marisa): oo right. i can't tell the difference between christian and catholic
Bill: Catholic is more traditional and stricter? That's what I tend to think of it as.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye. Catholic is a type of Christian but nit the other way around
Nokri (Marisa): i can tell you a lot about buddhism, shintoism, judaism, hinduism, etc. but i can't tell the difference between those two
Nokri (Marisa): ooooo ok
Nokri (Marisa): that's what i thought, like christian feels more new age but catholic feels more strict
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): Zen and Yoosung don't have a religion
Aldus Larian (Jess): And Saeran weellll ~~thanks Rika~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I would assume post mint eye he's not a big fan of religion
Nokri (Marisa): he just starts screaming if someone brings it up
Aldus Larian (Jess): I guess Saeran would have been Catholic for a short time? Before Rika kidnapped him to mint eye because his diary says he went to school at a cathedral for a little bit
Nokri (Marisa): yeee!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Which would have most likely been the same that Rika and V met Seven at
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whooooo
Nokri (Marisa): i bet they'd try to make rika a teacher there if she was qualified
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH YEA I missed your cult comment but yea visits don't market as cults
Aldus Larian (Jess): You're prib right
Nokri (Marisa): yeah not at all, i know a girl from high school who's in a cult now. she can't contact anyone from the outside world though.
plus the whole jonestown massacre and whatnot
Nokri (Marisa): the voice actor of beast boy gives off real culty vibes in person
Nokri (Marisa): hippy cult
Aldus Larian (Jess): The line between "Cults" and "Religions" is really just in numbers
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG
Aldus Larian (Jess): I had this documentary bookmarked on cults in Netflix to watch and the removed it
Nokri (Marisa): OH NO
Nokri (Marisa): netflix pls
Nokri (Marisa): is it on hulu maybe? some of bojo's shows disappeared from netflix and reappeared on hulu a bit later, like himym
Aldus Larian (Jess): A guy I went high school with sent me some info on this cult in Africa he was joining and I was like "ye no thanks fam"
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH MAYBE
Aldus Larian (Jess): It was like a series
Aldus Larian (Jess): It had features in kidnappers, cults, serial killers and rapists and I watched all the others but I didn't get to watch the cult one
Nokri (Marisa): oooooooooo
Nokri (Marisa): that sounds neat
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): the thing with cults is that they often trap you over time. when you join it's all sunshine and rainbows, and then the danger flags start showing very very slowly. by the time you come to your senses and realize what's happening, your own life is in danger or there is physically no way to leave because your whole life is already centered around the cult
Aldus Larian (Jess): I was watching the kidnappers ine while maing saerans suit for katsu and I was like LOL
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's it that's cults
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aghh so interesting
Nokri (Marisa): i think i've mentioned it before but i have a ton of books and whatnot you'd like if you enjoy serial killer stuff and deviants. it was part of one of my majors and bojo loves it all so crime channels are on in the living room 24/7 (because we lost the remote and can't turn the TV off <:lenny:395307171539189760> ) but we've seen every episode of everything alreayd
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA that would be coo
Nokri (Marisa): one of the best finals i ever took required us to sort through garbage and look at bugs
Aldus Larian (Jess): I really like psychological aspect of crime
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mindhunter on Netflix is really good it about when the behavior analysis unit if the FBI got added
Aldus Larian (Jess): And Jared Leto is the main character so u can't go wri g
Nokri (Marisa): i may have heard of that guy
Nokri (Marisa): maybe
Nokri (Marisa): the joker
Nokri (Marisa): ?
Aldus Larian (Jess): He's an actor but also the lead singer of 30 seconds to Mars
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh God I blocked that out
Nokri (Marisa): o an astronaut
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea the joker 😂
Nokri (Marisa): eyyyy
Nokri (Marisa): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Theres one episode where he tries to explain that if Charles Manson wasn't abused as a child by his prositute mother then he probably wouldn't have even formed the manson family cult. And everyone in the FBI is like "wtf"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Its so good
Nokri (Marisa): o yeah they've got whole checklists to go over at a crimescene that can basically determine the personality of the killer and how they were raised
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): like, "we don't know who did it yet but it was a 30 year old male who goes to law school, muscular build, enjoys fettuccine alfredo and graduated high school with honors."
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm sure most of what I've consumed is somewhat fiction so it would be neat to read the books!
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA that's why I like criminal minds even tho it's fake
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo that remind me I have an MM meme to make from criminal minds screen shots
Nokri (Marisa): my favorite "got em" story is richard ramirez
he walked past a ton of cops who were looking for him, and some old ladies in a convenience store recognized him form the newspaper. so he fled and started trying to hijack cars but they wouldn't work, and while trying to steal a car someone smacked him in the head with a metal pipe which stopped him long enough for police to grab him
Aldus Larian (Jess): RIP
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea but that's some interesting ass shit.
Nokri (Marisa): son of sam is also pretty interesting
Nokri (Marisa): he's a killer that wanted to be captured
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): He like taunted the police and shit right.
Nokri (Marisa): yee he'd leave letters at the crime scene saying "i'll be back" and stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): i forget what happened to his dog
Nokri (Marisa): o dang there's a whole law named after him i didn't know that
Aldus Larian (Jess): There's killers that like try to get involved in in the search of Thier victims to through off the cops
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): oh bojo is home
Nokri (Marisa): serial talk later owo
Aldus Larian (Jess): HI BOJO!
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://crytalers-tami.tumblr.com/post/185096657867/playing-v-and-ray-routes-and-only-thinking-about
Bill: V: I’m going to reveal a secret
V: *confirms what everyone already figured out*
V: woo everyone feel good now?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Seven: "jumin and zen and are like cats and dogs"
"I want both"

And y'all thought MC was the thirsty one here
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok I stopped before unlocking and saved. Twice. 😅
Nokri (Marisa): Just remember to pick it up around or after the same time of day or it’ll skip chats 🙀
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I'll prob pick it back up early Monday morning like  just after midnight?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like you'd do when starting the game
Aldus Larian (Jess): I put mm on hold but the emails keep commin <:rise:557579163511554050>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 😭
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Emails are in the app itself or you real email?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ohh no emails in the game. Cheritz doesn't email me. Good guy cheritz
Bill: I really wish “I’m not a prize to be won Ray” was a dialogue option. Apparently he’s talking about battling seven though lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea he's talking about seven
Nokri (Marisa): he isn't trying to win you as a prize yee
Bill: Well, he does seem to think he can just convince MC he’s better than the RFA. Like he can win her over.
Bill: But, his dialogue is much better post entering V route.
Bill: I guess it’s cause his “she loves me” scenario is falling apart and you can see the cracks forming.
Bill: Which is definitely sad.
Nokri (Marisa): in ray's case he knows mc doesn't like him, he's just terrified of losing her.
in his own route he's constantly shocked when she reciprocates anything.
Bill: Yeah. “Please don’t hate me, I really like you. It’d be sad if you hate me” is just mood.
Bill: Ahahaha.
Bill: But ye, dis was the first chat I felt like helping ray.
Aldus Larian (Jess): He just really wants a fren
Aldus Larian (Jess): He never had a fren 😭
Bill: I’d say “he wants more than that <:pew:543202259085950996>” but yeah this boi would collapse into a nervous breakdown if someone held his hand.
Bill: Meanwhile V continues to do everything himself. He called to say “we need to trust each other and talk. But I can’t tell you anything”.
Aldus Larian (Jess): its the only route that MC gets to initiate psychical contact in  🙌
Bill: I’d strangle him ~~if he wasn’t into it probably~~.
Nokri (Marisa): where's the talk where V pretends the phone is breaking up
that's hilarious
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG thats the best
Nokri (Marisa): "kkkrr sorry mc krkkkkrrr i- warehjkfyrte m going through a tunnel in an elevator bye."
Bill: Rika getting more and more crazy in flashbacks. And the sun metaphors are just.
Nokri (Marisa): the sun metaphor's are all v's doing <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: ~~ah shit wait a minute I think I’ve done similar shit~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): When V and Rka talk about the sun for the 48th time
Bill: ~~not thinking about it leave it in the haze of memories~~
Bill: It’s so hard to grasp Rika and V talking.
Bill: Maybe I’m just.
Aldus Larian (Jess): they're hippies
Bill: Idk lol, it’s just over the top.
Nokri (Marisa): they're hippies, harold
Bill: Damn hippies.
Aldus Larian (Jess): "is this the cult?"
Nokri (Marisa): that's the best meme ever
Aldus Larian (Jess): OO i rewatched ray route branch after watching Vs and i forgot how he just like dumps the truth on u and is like "So yea tahts really whats going on here im sorry for lying"
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): and then V pops out of a damn bush and is like "so THATS what you're doing?!"
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): important
Bill: Raaaaay I give you an inch and you take a yarddddd
Aldus Larian (Jess): someone help him
Bill: He bit his nails!
Aldus Larian (Jess): can i get a round of therapy over here
Bill: He’s not dying!
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh hunny, he has more wounds
Bill: Sure but I’m currently his hostage take it SLOW buddy.
Bill: It’s fiction I know I know.
Nokri (Marisa): he's not doing anything to you though
he's giving you everything you want and lets you do your thing
Aldus Larian (Jess): hes oversharing XD
Nokri (Marisa): he doesn't constantly watch you on camera <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): your his first friend and he has no filter
Bill: Yeee it’s the overshare that makes him seems sketch.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but its accurate <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): remember you're also on v's route now
Nokri (Marisa): he's not like that in his route
Aldus Larian (Jess): people who dont have friends tend to go overboard when they get a friend
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres the me hold on
Bill: I understand he had no friends and is bullied and and stuff... I’m commenting on in the moment.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so it's like every socially awkward dude at a con
Bill: ^
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): thinking specifically of berserker dude
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Bill: It’s not all of Rays personality, but in *this scene* he’s just cringe over sharing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Basically that yeah!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean ya kinda
Bill: There are reason for it but out of context? That’s when you shout Applebee’s.
Aldus Larian (Jess): rays a mess but hes had no accsess to anything to teach him how *not* to be a mess
Bill: Out of context. Anyway. I find it interesting I’ve never got a heartbreak for Ray.
Aldus Larian (Jess): and hes preeettyy much a manufactured personality byrika
Bill: I wasn’t choosing the heart answer for him, but he never heart breaks.
Nokri (Marisa): you have to really drag the heartbreak out of him. he's already so broken that the only way to get a heartbreak is to build him up and then tear it all down.
Aldus Larian (Jess): he is stronk
Aldus Larian (Jess): dont tell him
Bill: I think it makes sense though, cause yeah what Marisa said.
Bill: I think that’s neat.
Nokri (Marisa): if you do that i'm tearing *your* heart out <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Obviously it’s a TERRIBLE thing, but I like the depth they put into that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I just think hes neat
Bill: Aaaah Mawisa is threatening me!!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): wat
Nokri (Marisa): if he's mean to ray i'm punching a hole in his chest
Bill: Marisa you have made many a threat on me before.
Bill: Never before have I believed you as much I do no.
Aldus Larian (Jess): marisa get your cosplay on, ill hold your blue rose bb
Bill: Anyway of course I’m not going to do that to Ray. I’m not aiming for heartbreaks, just not hearts. And even at that, I’m feeling some sympathy now so he might get hearts.
Bill: But the depth they have in the game mechanics of hearts is admirable for the writing staff.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i broke 2 jumin hearts the other day and felt terrible
Bill: Ray plays his cards right we’ll drag out when V FINALLY decides to rescue me.
Bill: ~~Ngl if I need something I’m going to Jumin 100% of the time~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): bold of you to assume that V rescues you
Bill: Snrk.
Bill: I wish that wasn’t so accurate.
Bill: He’ll be in the woods planning his dramatic rescue 6 months from now while I’m in the Middle East with Jumin.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea id def call up jumin
Aldus Larian (Jess): jumin does WORK in another story
Aldus Larian (Jess): for both routes
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Calls: “TRUST ME IM COMING TO SAVE YOU”
Mc, on the beach: “mmhmm yeah honey, I’m waiting for you”
Nokri (Marisa): Isn’t he still suspicious of you now though? He’d do a favor for V but isn’t the RFA pretty questioning of you for most of another story?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea
Aldus Larian (Jess): from what i remember
Bill: Not really anymore. Jaehee was the last hold out.
Bill: And she’s worried about me now that I’m a hostage.
Bill: Jumin trusts V and V’s knowing me means he trusts me.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Lol
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Lol
Bill: Zen got a good zing in this morning too.
Bill: 
Bill: Ahaha...
Nokri (Marisa): they look ready to drop a hit new album
Aldus Larian (Jess): SIGN ME UP
Nokri (Marisa): got a 4 parter here
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Yoosung Jaehee and V can die I guess.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): OHH YEA
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you know what I'm surprised we haven't done yet?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think he syas something like "dont you know im dangerous?"
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!!
Nokri (Marisa): i like how he says that in spanish but curses in english
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we keep using the makeshift hearts for Ray and Zen when we could just.... recolor a heart emoji and add it
Nokri (Marisa): "many many times do i have to explain that i'm dangerous?"
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoa erik got that hacks
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭 *sobs in korean*
Aldus Larian (Jess): THIS ONEhttps://marshmallowprotection.tumblr.com/post/184258421608/do-not-repost-without-tagging-my-instagram-account
Nokri (Marisa): of course they can
Nokri (Marisa): this beyond the boundary scene has so much potential
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): actual unknown route when
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): after vandy's
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): real quotes
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh another!
Nokri (Marisa): numerically
Aldus Larian (Jess): 1. I was conceived
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:heart_zen:581500673485570104> <:heart_ray:581500701222502438>
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG
Aldus Larian (Jess): bless u erik
Nokri (Marisa): IM ALWAYS TRYING TO FIND MEMES LIKE THIS
Nokri (Marisa): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 💙
Aldus Larian (Jess): the best part about this chat from yoosungs birthday is the thing he finds most suspicious is that the elixer is dyed blue
https://marshmallowprotection.tumblr.com/post/183384132488
Nokri (Marisa): i remember that it was great
"are you a guidance counselor"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 💚 <:heart_zen:581500673485570104> 💛 ❤ 💜 💙 <:heart_ray:581500701222502438>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~if that wasnt a yooran tease idk what is~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the gang's all here <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): THE GANGS ALL
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo good art
Nokri (Marisa): rest in pieces v
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: V: fucks everything
Me: my guy
Bill: 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im pretty sure hes only slept with rika <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: everything up, but *case in point*
Bill: LOL the longcat image.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Jumin's just kinky enough for the two of them.
Bill: 
Bill: That meme was MADE for them
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna draw something mm but all i can think of is sadbois
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea esspecialy since its said by two gay guys
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats all there is!
Bill: Ray needs more love ~~to be reminded he's not human garbage who brings everyone around him down~~ so draw AWAY!
Aldus Larian (Jess): wow big mood
Nokri (Marisa): i gotta pin this down first hmm
Aldus Larian (Jess): concept V looks like his and zens love child
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): art was a failure, back to sewing
Aldus Larian (Jess): DOUBT
Aldus Larian (Jess): BIRU have u met Vs mom yet
Aldus Larian (Jess): shes so pretty 😭
Nokri (Marisa): i try again alter
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): A BABY BOI
Aldus Larian (Jess): HES SO CUTE I LOVE HIM
Aldus Larian (Jess): that looks great!
Aldus Larian (Jess): this has brought joy to my day
Nokri (Marisa): he cry snot
Bill: 
Bill: oh wow. I thought that was more fanart from tumblr Mawisa, like you were sharing some new drawing from an artist you follow.
Bill: That's how good it is.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE IT GOOD
Bill: https://tenor.com/view/jumin-mysticmessenger-mysme-gif-6174950
Aldus Larian (Jess): i attempted to draw ray in a meeting yesterday but he look terrible
Aldus Larian (Jess): marisas ray looks like good boi
Aldus Larian (Jess): how can i share a pic from mobile and mark as spoiler?
Bill: Don’t think you can.
Aldus Larian (Jess): D:
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok i got it
NSFW but it cute so i share
Nokri (Marisa): DRAW A MEETING RAY
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): WOWZA
Aldus Larian (Jess): ill draw ray in a meeting 🤔
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh shit that would be cute
Nokri (Marisa): usually i type "m" into the search bar and it autofills with one of my manga sites so i can just hit "m + enter" and get taken to manga
but i just tried it a few times and now it auto fills to "mystic messenger are y'all with the cult" ;u;
Nokri (Marisa): rip manga
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmfao
Aldus Larian (Jess): ohh nooo XD if u delte it from your history it should go back to mangos
Nokri (Marisa): you cant just delete history
there are museums and stuff to preserve it
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): Mint eye/Holes AU
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): My mind just went to "Mint Hole" <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> 😂
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): my wall
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao that's amazing
Bill: I don't think they understand how this works
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe they plan on doing jaehees route next
Bill: You can't get a bad ending from the party, only normal and good.
Bill: Bad endings come from the mid game marks right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm i think B.E. 3 is ussually like day 9 or 10
Aldus Larian (Jess): opps sorry is BE 2 not 3
Aldus Larian (Jess): wait im still wrong hold on
Aldus Larian (Jess): NO ok its Bad Story Ending 2
Bill: ~~if you get Mystic Messenger trivia wrong you have to drink the elixir~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Day 7
Bill: Didnt know Rika showed up there
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA with the DLC
Aldus Larian (Jess): Jumin Bad Story End 2: select correct answers through the Day 7 branch, then switch to incorrect answers (replace Elizabeth, ask to be locked up) through to the Day 8 branch.
Bill: *I'mma kill Zen windows98 you little beauitful shit*
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao i love that part
Bill: Oh good, apparently I'm trying on dresses with Rika and still shooting the shit with Yoosung on the messenger.
Bill: I guess Rika is a tolerant crazy cult leader.
Bill: ~~show me whats on the flash drive seven~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's prob his nudes
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoo bff Rika
Bill: Already thinking I need to cosplay another story V instead of regular.
Bill: ... I guess I already get bothered by my build not matching V, maaaybe I shouldn’t.
Bill: But I’d match canon Ray Marisa.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Everyroute in MM
Bill: Hot outweighs trauma!
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: V: oh THAT Sun.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Jumin wouldn’t drink in a bar he doesn’t own tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
