Bill: Seven wins!
Bill: Sorry Ray!
Bill: ~~convenient Seven can’t kick Ray or Rika tho lol~~
Bill: Yoosung: iS tHaT rIkA?!
Aldus Larian (Jess): It her
Bill: > chat notification
> “I missed you all”
> me: “oh Yoosung must have missed us and freaked out when we rejoined”
> opening app 
> me: oh no. 
> me, seeing it’s a chat with just Rika: <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: DIS BITCH
Bill: DISSSSSSS BITCCCCCCCH
Bill: The woods scene was great.
Bill: Ngl Rika’s half was stronger than his confession to MC.
Aldus Larian (Jess): He's fine
Bill: ~~he’s happy about it I’m sure, the self sacrificing twat~~
Bill: He denied Rika! And acknowledged he has to love himself more, independent of his feelings for MC or else he’ll just hurt her and himself!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Is it day 9 or 10
Bill: End of day 9.
Bill: I’m enjoying Rika as a villain. She’s very well written and motivated.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ya
Bill: Like, Sarah and Glam were just like “lol imma boink the rich kid” and that was it.
Bill: I need a Rika cosplayer who has really freaky expressions.
Bill: Like, she does Tik Toks that capture the dead eye look.
Bill: That’d be the SPOOK.
Nokri (Marisa): e z, photoshop the lights out of someone's eyes
Nokri (Marisa): what color eyes does she have. i have several blonde wigs and a yellow dress
Aldus Larian (Jess): Green
Aldus Larian (Jess): If my hair was like 2ft longee I could cosplay her no wog needed lol
Nokri (Marisa): my phone's at 12% i do it tomorrow rip
GROW OUT YER HAIR
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm even canon height <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): we could do a true mystic mess sleepover/pool party without worrying about wigs
Aldus Larian (Jess): MC and Rika right here yo
Nokri (Marisa): u no wot
phone's at 19% and i'm desperate to cosplay
closet cosplay here we go
Aldus Larian (Jess): Go go go
Nokri (Marisa): gotem
i think the filter enlarged my eyes and shrunk my face though aretdjyfk
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): It her!
Nokri (Marisa): the wig was in a ponytail and i can't remember why it would be in a ponytail <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ready to start a cult 👌
Nokri (Marisa): selfie filters. what a blessing.
Nokri (Marisa): the bow and hair part are on the wrong side <:thinku:543194478614413318> selfie filters SUCK it didn't flip it like it was supposed to
Aldus Larian (Jess): Na if fine! It's a closet cosplay you through together in less than ten mins
Nokri (Marisa): *must improve*
Nokri (Marisa): the cosplay runs strong in my veins
Nokri (Marisa): i need to build a building in the middle of the forest if i want this to be more accurate
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'll be there equally as quickly slapped together v closet cosplay to help you
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woah blonda marisa
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That wig is good shit
Nokri (Marisa): it's really cheap, it looks bad in-person. i think i bought it for like $5 for something, but went with another wig because it just that bad. but i can't remember what i bought it for originally
Aldus Larian (Jess): I gotta play rikas behind story
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): i haven't played it either aaa

i want to say i bought it for nia but i bought both of those wigs together so they'd be the same length <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Apparently Rika tried to thell V she sent saeran to boarding school when she kidnapped him for mint eye?
Aldus Larian (Jess): V: Rika where's our son?
Rika: who?
Nokri (Marisa): "here he is" holds up a rock
Nokri (Marisa): late night cosplay attempt was a bad idea
Aldus Larian (Jess): No it wasn't!
Nokri (Marisa): "yes this is our son," looks at smudge on hand, "say when."
Aldus Larian (Jess): "Rika that's a rock"
"Why are you always criticizing me?!"
Nokri (Marisa): then she throws the rock at v's head
Aldus Larian (Jess): Probably. Meanwhile saerans being forcefed elixr but weird dudes in hoods in a basement
Aldus Larian (Jess): Someone tried to put together a MM timeline but they got kinda frustrated with all the plot conflicts: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1C9igpPwdTGLPL6DzO0psCkBkPI6wdQiSI6bHvr4mdMo/mobilebasic
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH i saw that earlier!
Nokri (Marisa): ???: *rika feeds him the bread*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mystery bread lady
Nokri (Marisa): jumin is gifted two (2) mountains
Aldus Larian (Jess): Gee jumin, how come your dad let's you have 2 mountains
Aldus Larian (Jess): Between the time momma Choi dies and he's kidnapped to mint eye do you think saeran lives with Rika and V?
Nokri (Marisa): hmmmmmmaybe? that would make the most sense?
Nokri (Marisa): or at the church or in the foster system limbo
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't think he can be in the foster system tho cuz of big scary daddy
Nokri (Marisa): O TRU
Aldus Larian (Jess): What a colorful family
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): great Rika cosplay 10/10
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): would join her cult
Nokri (Marisa): i really tried to get the dead in the eyes through photoshop, it's the best quality
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you did great
Nokri (Marisa): thanks
hey try some of this not suspicious party drink
Aldus Larian (Jess): They better replace this damn opening cg for the twins birthday
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like v I love ya but you been here for like 5 months no buddy
Nokri (Marisa): it's much better than the wide eyed chibis at least
Nokri (Marisa): staring into your soul
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Elixir? No! Of course not! This is.... Mountain Dew.... Baja Blast...
Nokri (Marisa): ray screaming while drinking baja blast
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's it that's the exact color
Aldus Larian (Jess): Taco bell and elixr
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): why do you think patrons of Taco Bell go there so much?
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH TRUE
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): coincidence? I think not
Aldus Larian (Jess): That shits good.
Nokri (Marisa): never 4get
Nokri (Marisa): WAIT THEY HAVE IT
Nokri (Marisa): THEY HAVE BAJA BLAST
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yoosung no!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like how seven hair is all flippy
Nokri (Marisa): seven's hair looks like v's in another story
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like father like son <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): artist: "how should i style their hair?"
boss: "whichever is easiest"
artist: "ok. they're all getting a part that sticks out in front."
Nokri (Marisa): "slightly off-center"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao 😂
Bill: 10/10 Marisa would stab me yikes.
Bill: My only complain is Marisa is too perfect as Ray to ever be someone else.
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: “Graphic design is my passion”
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I mean not like there a much better way to place them at that point but that's what happens
Aldus Larian (Jess): I forgot how obvious seven is before he gets grumpy. MCs like "think of me if you get stressed!" And he's basically like "bold of u to assume I ever stop thinking about you" 

The whole RFA is like "ok when's the wedding?"
Bill: Seeing them in the same place I’m just like “wow power couple”.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hell yea
Bill: They could have a race to empty your bank account, to see if Seven could hack your money away or if jumin can buy the bank first.
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's llwhy v is like "oh the RFA is fine with Jumin and seven I'mma go dissapear down a hole"
Bill: And also cause V has no self worth.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Having self worth doesn't mean you can't take action 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh is this the part where seven turns to MC and goes " oh you're still here?"
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~thanks man~~
Bill: His lack of self worth makes him feel like any action he’ll take with fail or make things worse
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye I know I jk
Aldus Larian (Jess): How's mint eye?
Bill: Pure salvation.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's it like still standing?
Bill: Yeah. But Ray just snuck everyone out.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mc: "sevens my husband"
Seven: <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> ❤ 
Lmao and then in 2 days he like "idk what you guys are talking about I don't like her"
Bill: I love bonding with Zen over our respective idiots.
Bill: V and Yoosung.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Do you think anyone ever told seven his mom's dead <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: Good question.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Real questions
Nokri (Marisa): Nyoom
Aldus Larian (Jess): Biru whats your MBTI again?
Bill: INTJ?
Bill: I think.
Bill: or INFJ.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol
Bill: ?
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): lol
Nokri (Marisa): O
Nokri (Marisa): Nice picture for vanderwood
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive been hardcore INFJ since forever so i guess it makes sense i relate to v the most
Aldus Larian (Jess): who is she
Bill: lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://www.personality-database.com/subcategory/753/mystic-messenger-video-games-mbti-personality-type
Bill: I have a type of man to relate to.
Aldus Larian (Jess): if u click on each chara is lists differnet types people voted for for each character
Bill: T/F is the only axis I've never had fluctuation on so...
Aldus Larian (Jess): ah yes "the healer" <:lenny:395307171539189760>  more like "needs healing"
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Okay genji
Bill: I'm basically Jumin if you don't go on my route, then I become V.
Bill: ~~I wanna make comparisons to their story issues now hmm~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): wat does that meaaaann
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm Yoosung and Unknown
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: which lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol
Bill: Oh no I need that for both.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): guys am i chartiable?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i fill like the whole card im ded
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah!! You got me keychain!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): aw ye! i donate stuff and money soemtimes
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: will do when out of workshop!
Aldus Larian (Jess): call me out if u guys disagree but i literally hit the whole card on infj
Aldus Larian (Jess): i got like  3/4 on INFP and like 1/4 INTJ
Aldus Larian (Jess): good thing the days over i was falling down a hole
Aldus Larian (Jess): unknown: *taunts rfa with emails*
seven: "finds out where he is"
unknown: "why the fuck would i do that"
Bill: Rikas ~~definitely goodbye~~ message is actually pretty sad.
Bill: She really does have a way with words.
Aldus Larian (Jess): shell be back <:then_perish:554720548274569246>
Bill: Duh lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): well soooorry
