Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Oof this minus 15 thing going to be a bitch and a half.
Nokri (Marisa): -15?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaa another story is spence
Bill: Thanks for pointing out that obvious flaw in the story Jaehee.
Nokri (Marisa): oooooooo buying chats
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye!
Nokri (Marisa): just set alarms <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): i was able to 100% v's route the first time without using any hourglasses
Aldus Larian (Jess): DAMN GURL 👌
Nokri (Marisa): s'all about checking every 2 hours 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: I still have 800 it’s just.
Bill: Annoying.
Bill: You can tell some of the dialogue has improved in another story.
Bill: But this whole “lol it’s a game your playing” premise sucks.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): did u watch the new opening?'
Bill: No one:
Cosplayers:
Bill: Ah shit it was different? I skipped it.
Bill: I’ll look it up tomorrow.
Nokri (Marisa): you SKIPPED IT?
Bill: It’s been a day. I’m just glad I started it.
Bill: >.>
Aldus Larian (Jess): its legit Vs VA singing
Aldus Larian (Jess): and rikas too i think?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah rikas too!
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_bTKNImcGM
Aldus Larian (Jess): its really good
Nokri (Marisa): when that "bichi itdamyeon" part hits 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): AWW YEEE
Aldus Larian (Jess): another story OST SO FUCKING GUD
Aldus Larian (Jess): also V and Ray get theire own special ending songs <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): biru don't look up the ost until you play ray's route
Bill: I know you’ve hinted at Zens confidence being fake but. Where do you get that kind of confidence man? I’ll take an IV of that.
Bill: ~~oh wait a minute even if his is fake, that would just make it more accurate.~~
Bill: Wine chat was great I’m going to bed.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh zen
Aldus Larian (Jess): i listened to four seasons and now i am full with emotion
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont think I read the lyrics full when i played cuz i was probably too distracted with he route being over but DAMN wowie what a great song
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): I love how Vs and Rays ending songs are just super metaphorical/poetic
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): and then the april fools
Nokri (Marisa): opening is just
Nokri (Marisa): wow
Nokri (Marisa): a masterpiece
Aldus Larian (Jess): the highest of budgets was used on that
Nokri (Marisa): biru's asleep post v memes
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): oki done
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> MY SPECIAL BOYS and girl
Aldus Larian (Jess): WAIT
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG CHERITZ ESCUSE U
Aldus Larian (Jess): hold up
Nokri (Marisa): is it about this playground pic
Aldus Larian (Jess): no lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): opps is said i was gonna participated in that
Nokri (Marisa): STILL TIME
Nokri (Marisa): GO GO GO
Aldus Larian (Jess): OK SO THIS is in the original opening ya?
Nokri (Marisa): ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/mystic-messenger/images/1/17/Ray_20.png/revision/latest?cb=20181226124833
Aldus Larian (Jess): RESOURCEFUL MFs
Aldus Larian (Jess): srry gtg cry
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH!!!!!
Nokri (Marisa): there's also elizabeth in one of twin's shadows (saeran when she runs away?)
Aldus Larian (Jess): OwO
Nokri (Marisa): and i can't catch it but there's like, a picture of rika crying right before it goes to yoosung
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): really hard to see, let me check if it's any of the cgs
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats a cryptid
Nokri (Marisa): this pic!
Nokri (Marisa): there's a lot of cool stuff in the intro
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH DAMN
Aldus Larian (Jess): seven trying to give me a damn heart attack balancing a mug on his bed
Nokri (Marisa): it's full of toxins and vandy put it there so if seven sat on his bed he'd die <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): seven sat there knowing that
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@!301927856240459777> next time u cosplay ray you should borrow toms flower crown
Nokri (Marisa): dollar store has $1 flowers we can have RFA flower crowns
Nokri (Marisa): mint eye flower crowns
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): this could apply to many characters
Nokri (Marisa): basically everyone except zen
Aldus Larian (Jess): I know! thats the best part!
Nokri (Marisa): husband jaehee
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont think jaehee likes cats <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): "Elizabeth the third. I must take care of you even though I don't work for Mr. Han anymore. You are free to roam around as long as you mind your volume."
Aldus Larian (Jess): MC def got them into that one
Aldus Larian (Jess): "Yea sure we can take care of Elizabeth for you Jumin, no problem!"
Jaehee "MC NO"
Nokri (Marisa): jaehee locks the door behind her
Bill: ALL THE V MEMES ARE RELEVANTandmakemesad
Bill: Holy fuck the first chat with V.
Bill: Soooo much that I get.
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: I’ve tried to describe that feeling before and V did it in ~~quite~~ a few messages.
Bill: 
Bill: *it continues*
Bill: When Jumin and V are talking to each other I keep going “mood” back and forth.
Bill: 
Bill: I’m V
Bill: Then I’m jumin!
Bill: Jumin again.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I started again <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: I thought the banner read “c&m”
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😂
Bill: God V energy.
Bill: I don't like the implication that Ray is a better hacker than Seven >.>
Bill: God Seven! Defender of Peace!
Aldus Larian (Jess): they're pretty evenly matched
Bill: ~~it's like they're the same person~~
Bill: It also makes sense that Ray has the upper hand cause Ray had time to plan, Seven is reacting to the attack.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the only time one of them beats the other one outright is when one of them is either fueled by thier emotions to do better, or defeated by thier emotions and gets sloppy
Bill: ~~but I like Seven more~~
Bill: Ray impersonated V and I was like 'boi'.
Aldus Larian (Jess): LOL
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol half of rays interests come from V. ~~maybe he doesn't remember that though? Or it just reminds him of V's "betrayal"~~
Bill: I mean, the point Ray was trying to drive home is that V is actually selfish despite the conversation I just had with him.
Bill: So it's less he was trying to be convincing and just. Villainize him.
Aldus Larian (Jess): well yea, hes brainwashed
Aldus Larian (Jess): every view he has on V comes from Rika
Bill: Yeah... I get that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): annndd V is kindaaaa? selfish??
Aldus Larian (Jess): like in a weird way
Aldus Larian (Jess): hes always trying to cover his own ass despite it not being the best thing for anyone
Aldus Larian (Jess): blessed image
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Blessed
Aldus Larian (Jess): the most wholesome
Aldus Larian (Jess): Jumin tried to warn us.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): HE TRIED
Aldus Larian (Jess): Can I  send him this screenshot in a few days?
Aldus Larian (Jess): "Na-uh boi, i got the receipts!"
Bill: I like this symbol. For v’s locked cg.
Bill: I wanna vector it and use it somewhere.
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's copyright infringement <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: fuck guess I'll die.
Bill: *Ray is like one off comment away from chaining me up in a closet and getting rapey*
Nokri (Marisa): Nooo he wouldn’t do that
Nokri (Marisa): What at all makes you think he’s rapey
Bill: "I can't let you leave... I need to make you stay"?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Jumin syas the same shit
Nokri (Marisa): That’s not rapey
YEAH Jumin does it much worse
Bill: I've already acknowledge Jumin is pretty fucking rapey in his route.
Bill: I was pretty turned off by it by day 8.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Also it's Ray's job to make sure you don't leave
Aldus Larian (Jess): Jumin does it cuz he wanna
Aldus Larian (Jess): If you leave Ray will prob be sentenced to torture <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Not an excuse but he has his reasons
Nokri (Marisa): No pressure
Aldus Larian (Jess): I rewatched Ray's good and normal endings cuz I forget exactly what happens and o forgot that the twins get famous in his good ending 😂
Nokri (Marisa): They’re celebrities!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I totally forgot that! Is there like "free saeyoung" protests?
Aldus Larian (Jess): And zen tell saeran to be careful when he leaves the house at the end cuz his fans might be out there!
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like how did I forget that the whole nation's was like "shit we thought the prime minister was hot but NOW"
Nokri (Marisa): “**two** hot bachelors!!”
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~and they don't even have illegitimate children that they tried to murder!~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH
Aldus Larian (Jess): other smol todbit, the twins are like? 20-21? in another story right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Zen says during the press conference that The Prime Minister tried to "eradicated evidence" of the twins 2 times, the first time being 22 years ago
Aldus Larian (Jess): so does that mean he tried to get their mom to abort? or is cheritz fucking up the timeline again
Nokri (Marisa): Yee because it takes place a few years before the original story
Hmmmmmmmm
Probably abort yeah? It used to be banned in South Korea but they’re lifting the ban. Or maybe he tried to get rid of the infants somehow which is why the mother never let them go out
Aldus Larian (Jess): rich people can pull strings tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): me when i start theorizing about MM
Nokri (Marisa): Deliver us the truth
Aldus Larian (Jess): thier mom seemed pretty hell bent on "your father will kill you" which obviously made her batshit So there was def times where he must have tried to murder them
Nokri (Marisa): The prime minister slowly driving by in an ice cream truck, or trying to break into their house in a Santa suit
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH NO lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): if he was smart he would have tried that
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe thats why they both think santa is evil
Aldus Larian (Jess): Kids at church:
"santa got me a new bike"
"santa got me a new game"
Seven: "santa tried to murder me and my brother"
Nokri (Marisa): “Show offs!”
Aldus Larian (Jess): S.C. = Santa Claus, Saejoong Choi
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/maudit-photoset-maudit-tim-allen-Fgfp28BkdCCBi
Aldus Larian (Jess): best Christmas movie ever
Bill: V IS BEST BOI
Bill: Not related to why, he just is:
Bill: “Is that all. Just *making the world a better place*. Which was too fancy again?”
Bill: *I assume Zens came with infinite selfie filters*
Bill: He’s in mint eye ooooo
Bill: *the fact that V is infiltrating Mint eye in the cultist robes and not worshiping Rika makes it more interesting 👀*
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea!
Aldus Larian (Jess): he totally blends in!
