Bill: I miss mystic messenger.
Nokri (Marisa): did u delete it?
Bill: Nah just waiting till next week to do V route.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Jaehee seven bodyswap
Nokri (Marisa): Jumin’s worst nightmare and Vandy’s dream come true
Elfriede Faun (Tom): ???? ????
Aldus Larian (Jess): *buttons sufflink*
Aldus Larian (Jess): *buttons shirt cuff*
"whoa just like jumin!"
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): this artist usually draws not so wholesome scenes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I love how big his hoodie is on her. that's cute as shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also is she having twins because damn she's huge
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean prob XD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~or is this catering to the pregnancy fetishists~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH GOD i mean small women can get v. lorge
Aldus Larian (Jess): but i know alot of people like the headcanon that the twins father twins also because technically having a multi birth runs in families
Aldus Larian (Jess): its still a stretch but <:huh:555585958146473984>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): doesn't it usually like, skip a generation though? Allegedly?
Bill: ~~oh when you said non wholesome you meant of the guys not couples~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): she does the couples too
Aldus Larian (Jess): but like idk were to find them since the tumblr perge
Aldus Larian (Jess): and yea im not usre about the twin thing. its one of those things people just kinda "run with"
Aldus Larian (Jess): weather they are accurate or not
Aldus Larian (Jess): apparently its fraternal twins thats hereditary
Aldus Larian (Jess): and it only counts if it runs in the mother family it looks like so rip everyone
Aldus Larian (Jess): "Identical twins, on the other hand, result from one fertilized egg randomly splitting in two, creating two siblings with identical DNA. Because there is no known gene that influences this process, it is considered a mere coincidence when one extended family has multiple sets of identical twins."
Aldus Larian (Jess): SCIENCE ✨
Aldus Larian (Jess): thanks for coming to my biology lecture
Aldus Larian (Jess): but wait theres more:
Do twins skip a generation?
If you've heard that twins skip a generation, this myth is actually based on some truth. Here's how: If a man inherits the hyperovulation gene from his mother, he may pass this gene on to his daughter. His daughter, in turn, is then more likely to release more than one egg when she ovulates and therefore could conceive fraternal twins. So the twins have, in essence, skipped a generation.
Bill: "suprise Honey you'll probably have twins!"
Aldus Larian (Jess): that was actually highly interesting, sorry for spamming 😅
Bill: That ain't spam.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah das neet
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And cute picture
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I had a dream i tried to write and MM/Harry Potter cross over fic and realized I dont know enough about Harry Potter to do that but then i was like in Harry Potter as of a sudden
Bill: How’d that go?
Bill: For the record I love how utter trash you are for MM.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was afraid to learn how to fly a broomstick and glass were magic
Bill: I was thinking the crossover fic but.
Bill: Sounds pretty typical of a hog warts student.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh it didnt cuz i didnt have enough knowledge of harry potter to do it
Aldus Larian (Jess): and the moment i realized that, i was at hogwarts
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
