Elfriede Faun (Tom): (just putting this here for now so it doesnt get lost)
San began her morning routine. After preparing for breakfast which would be held in a few hours she went to cleaning each of the Fauns rooms. She eventually made her way to the young Knight's. The room was vacant. She had just begun some light dusting when she noticed a stack of unsent letters that appear slightly dusty. As if they've been sitting there for a few months. She couldn't help her curiosity to take a slight peak at one and snatched it up quietly.

```To my friend,

I miss you, how have you been? Once we left the town where… so much happened, I returned to Lyall, my family needed to know the truth as fast as possible to decide what needed to be done. As you may or may not have guessed, I am under house arrest under the jurisdiction of my parents. I do not blame them, I feel… deserving.

Ah, but being such a thorough thinker like you are, perhaps you are just curious about what the Eraians know of us. Various reports of rag tag group and the murder of a higher up by a laguz circulated but didn't gain too much traction due to the dissuasion my the Faun family as well as their friends in power. In fact the same military contact was the same one who suggested house arrest. Commander Greaves has always had our family's best interest in mind and we owe a lot to him.
Moreso now that I made such an idiotic mistake. Mother's gaze is an intense one, but one tipped with a hint of understanding. I am only allowed into the backyard once per moon cycle for the moment. It should be a few months before I will be allowed into the market district again.

I spend most days training, studying and reflecting on the recent events.

...I don't regret what I have done, but I regret the situation it put my family in. And the situation I put you in.

I hope to see you again. And I'm sorry for everything.

Signed name: Elfriede Faun```
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The letter is written carefully and neatly, but the dust clearly shows that it was never sent out. San covers her mouth tearing up a bit, she knew who it was for. She hears footsteps coming down the hall so she quickly puts it all away and wipes her tears. 


Elfriede approaches her and smiles ever so slightly, and asks if she needs help with anything. She declines and smiles politely back. “Actually…” she says, “If I may be so bold, why don't you shave your whiskers Ser Faun, it doesn't suit you.”


Elfriede bring one hand up to his short beard he grew and runs his thumb and pointer down it. “What San you don't think it makes me look grizzled? Roguishly attractive? Dashing?” 


Sans smirks and her eyebrows droop. “Nope! I'll shave it for you later. Be ready in 90 minutes!” she keeps her smirk and struts out of the room. Elfriede sighs a bit, the teasing much needed to help his mood. He and San have gotten a lot closer and more casual since his stay home. 


San peaks her head back in around the door frame. “And for the love of Lyall stop sighing Ser Faun! You're never going to woo any woman that way!” Heavy footsteps are heard down the hall as she storms off.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow that was so well written... I can't wait for you all to read the posts from my illiterate ass
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Master Carya Witella faced the princess’ door, head bowed and hands clutching a small piece of parchment. _This has to end here,_ he thought, brows furrowed and mouth tight as he looked over the paper for the hundredth time. With a sigh, he reached up to knock on the door. No voice responded from inside. The light mage ran a hand through his long black hair before gingerly stepping inside. 

Carya’s stomach sank as he spotted the princess. She sat in a plush armchair by the window, gazing out over the kingdom of Laera. The blue hue of her eyes seemed dull and unfocused, open but unseeing. Her expression was vacant, and her posture passive, as if she had not registered that the royal tutor had entered. Master Witella cleared his throat, stepping towards the princess. 

“Afina, this has to stop,” he instructed, the paper lightly crinkling in his hands. “As the royal tutor, I have committed myself to teaching you for the rest of my life. But I am ashamed to say you have made little to no progress in the last solstice.” Carya watched as Afina’s chest rose and fell with breath, though she still made no move to acknowledge him. 

“You refuse to speak about what happened in Eraia. Once a woman full of opinions and knowledge, you do not wish to tell me of what you learned while abroad.” The tutor knelt down, opening the top of the satchel to rummage through. “I may be a dumb Eraian, but even I know that a Laeran that does not want to learn must be in great pain.” From the corner of his eye, Master Witella saw Afina’s posture straighten. She blinked a few times, as if a sudden thought had struck her.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): “This isn’t healthy, Afina. The Festival of Light is soon, and the kingdom of Laera misses its princess. You’ve had enough time to grieve and make peace with that which has afflicted you in your travels. I don’t understand…” He pulled up a stool next to the princess, who now seemed to be visibly shaken by the tutor’s words. Her eyes were glossy with the threat of tears.

“I don’t understand what happened to the Afina I was once very keen to teach. You have always been bright and determined, my lady.” Carya said, leaning back slowly to sit on the stool. The parchment in his coat pocket crinkled loudly, and he withdrew it from his coat pocket. He looked it over, before offering it to the princess. 

“At the bare minimum, you must form an entourage before the Festival of Light is held. I believe that it would be wise to invite your previous traveling companions. They may be able to ease your pain in the wake of the tragedy that has become your trip to Eraia, and such a diverse group would bode well for Laera on the international stage. I took the liberty of acquiring all their contact information for you. Consider it.” Realizing that the princess would make no move to accept the paper, Carya placed it in her lap before turning to leave. 

As the door closed behind the Eraian tutor, Afina looked down at the sheet of paper. _Aldus Larian … Nokri Lyleon… Elfriede Faun..._, the princess blinked once more and a tear rolled down her cheek. How could she begin to tell her family of what occurred in Eraia? She had been drugged, beaten, lied to, and violated. Her expectations had been shattered, her confidence was shot, and every move felt unsure. Her greatest role model had been a wicked, perverse zealot. A man she most nearly considered a lover had lied and betrayed her.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _The kingdom of Laera misses its princess._ The sentiment echoed in her head as she held the paper in her lap. She sighed. At the very least, with international tensions running higher, it would be proper that Laera align itself with the right ideals. And what would be better than a Laeran princess’ court filled with diversity: a Wynnite, Eraian, and Drecan? Afina stood. If not for her, this was for the kingdom of Laera. She had letters to write.
