Elfriede Faun (Tom): San shuffles up and knocks on the doorframe of the Faun dojo. Elfriede glanced over at her, she had interrupted his training? That.. is rather odd for her. The young Faun noble glanced down to the open letter in her hands; San looking a bit disgruntled. 

Elfriede outstretched his hand toward her took the letter and read its contents.

He sighs upon reading the name, both in relief and ..was it sorrow or nostalgia? *Afina* "So she's inviting me to a.. ball? I see.." He couldn't help but think of all those unsent letters..

San's eyes fall a bit, it has been nice having him around. The house mistress is always distant… and the master is at least a bit caring towards her, however both of them are gone more often than not, always running to meetings or religious ceremonies. Her and the young master had gotten considerably closer as friends as of lately. Despite her swirling mind, she knew when to hold her tongue. 

Elfriede nods and looks back to San. "Yes.. Please pack our things San." 

San nods begrudgingly, "Of course sir." She pauses and her eyes get ever so slightly wider. "Our?" 

"Yes, our."

He smiles a bit at her sudden excitement. "I'll talk to my parents, if I am to go at all I'd like to bring you with me. I could use the help and support, and what is a plus 1 for a noble? If you don't have a ball dress please arrange for you to get one using Faun house funds, and don't be shy. We'll leave one moon cycle from today in the morning. That should give you time to settle everything with your parents."

San looked at him shocked and overwhelmed l, mouth agape. She stood stiff in place and could only manage a few stiff nods. She had never been outside Eraia, this is the most excited she's felt in a very, very long time. The young housemaid briefly imagined herself in a ball gown dress dancing with the young master and couldn't help but mentally laugh a bit. She smiled at him and slightly bowed. "Of course sir Faun."
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She slowly walked away to leave him be, overcome with excitement and anticipation. There was of course the chance that his parents would deny him, but she couldn't help her excitement none the less.

Faun sighed and stared at the floor, the spot where he had sparred her a year prior. Was he actually ready to face her again? He shook his head one last time and raised his sword, the training might clear his head.
