Bill: I’m sending Marisa an instant invite that’ll drop her into this channel when she joins. Let’s... fill it with every ounce of love we have for her so when she comes back she’ll see it all. Maybe it’ll help us while we miss her too.
Bill: Is that too cheesy?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Nah its wholesome
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Leta do it
Bill: 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Marisa!! I  dont know you as well as some of these guys in here who have known you much longer, but ever since I met you at kon kon I thought you were fantastic. I've only ever had good things to say about you and would always ask when you were coming back from Japan because I wanted to hang out more with you. I'm sure everyone in here can vouch for me on that xD 

After getting to know you more, I'm 100% sure that you're fantastic and I'm so glad to be able to be your friend. 

You're also super talented!!! All of your cosplays are amazing and you do them all in record time too, im always blown away! 

❤❤❤❤WE LOVE YOUUUU MARISA!!! ❤❤❤❤

(Also, hella proud of you for taking time for yourself if you need it. Good for you!)
Andrew: (Will post mine in a bit when I get done)
Bill: There’s no limit to how you say.
Bill: Or the number of times.
Bill: Whenever you think of the cosplay gremlin we love so much... this is a way to tell her. Even when she’s not here right now.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hi Marisa i wanted to show you a picture of a cute baby deer I saw today
Bill: It looks like Mawisa.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.instagram.com/p/Bcz5IjPFg66/?igshid=81si05c2gcrs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hi Marisa, this was from when we first met and even though I didn't know you that well at the time, I still really love this photo so much. I thought you were such a great Ruby and I hope you do her again sometime ❤
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I hope you are okay and I hope this isn't overwhelming to you, but we do genuinely love and care about you. Your cosplays are always so amazing looking even if they aren't up to your standards, they far surpass a lot of people's and I wish I had the skills you have
