El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'm not so good with words and stuff when trying to convey my feelings, but I'll be thinking about you every day while you're gone! You mean a lot to us all and this group wont feel whole til you return.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): and.. there i go crying again
Andrew: Marisa, its been along time since we first met way back at anime club. Japanese class gave us an opportunity to talk more, and it springboarded from there. Ive really been blessed to know someone like you, and im glad ive been able to call you a  friend. Youve done so many amazing things and come so far, and I really want to say that youve been an inspiration to me, given me encouragement and a passion for our shared hobby of cosplay. I know i feel the same way as everyone here with how much youre appreciated and how much you mean to me. Its not like me to be open with feelings like these but I truly wanted to express how much I care about you, and I hope to see you back here soon!
Bill: I can’t drink to get sad, I get happy. But you leaving is doing a bang up job of giving me a first experience at sad drunk.
Bill: That’s how much I miss you Mawisa.
Bill: Was not “better tomorrow”!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hi Mawisa,

As Erik said I don't want to overwhelm you, you don't even have to read this right away if it's too much or at all but you are truly irreplaceable and this server wont be the same without you.

So I know I already told you alot in PM yesterday, but I think you're a super cool person. You have so many talents and skills even if your depression tells you you don't! I admire you so much. You've helped me with cosplay so many times i cant count and you are always so encouraging when I don't want to work on something but you know I can do it. You always support my art and encourage me, which means the whole world to me. You're fun and funny. I never knew how good it felt to 'fangirl' until i met you. You're always up for any conversation and you bring so much to the table in forms of everything from jokes, to new opinions, to other cultures views on things. You've made me a better person through expanding my understanding of people that are not the same as myself, I wish you could see how good you are. You're a blast to hang out with and you are always polite and kind. You are so strong in more ways than one, you are a truly brilliant and beautiful person inside and out and I'm so lucky yo be able to call you my friend.
Bill: I just went to @you and I can’t and I hate it.
Bill: I missed my exit thinking about how missing you.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Mawisa come home* 😭
Andrew: ^ too true
