Georgia (Something Sensible): im crying guys
Georgia (Something Sensible): so that velvet from animenext recognized me
Georgia (Something Sensible): and so noah's roommate video called me to prove he knew me
Georgia (Something Sensible): and the velvet's boyfriend was like "hey if shes ever single tell her to hit us up for a threesome"
Georgia (Something Sensible): im DYING
Erik (Red Riot Thot): WOW
Marisa (Weeb): why is this in nsfw i'm scared
oh
i thought this was gonna end up with her joining bne
i'm scared
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww dat's so cute she recognized you.And umm....WOAH OKAY
Georgia (Something Sensible): IM CANT STOP LAUGHING
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's um.... what
Georgia (Something Sensible): i guess thats the kind of flattering but also very very confusing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaaa...
Marisa (Weeb): sneakily slide them a couple's counseling business card
Georgia (Something Sensible): the velvet was shy and blushing the whole time
Georgia (Something Sensible): but if my boyfriend had offered to have a threesome with a virtual stranger, i would be too
Georgia (Something Sensible): SO
Georgia (Something Sensible): what have we learned kids
Georgia (Something Sensible): people are weird
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~still flattered tho~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just a bit. If I were in that situation idk if I'd be flattered..probs just highkey confused lol
Marisa (Weeb): americans love to overshare with strangers
Georgia (Something Sensible): americans do that, yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mEAN im flattered people think im hot
Georgia (Something Sensible): but thats an interesting to say when first formally meeting someone
Georgia (Something Sensible): im still laughing and noah isnt amused
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Definitely an interesting way to say so...lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol rip Noah
Georgia (Something Sensible): RIP we were just trying to do physics
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think the secondary takeaway from this, is that its extremely likely that someone at a rwby shoot somewhere has considered sleeping with you
Georgia (Something Sensible): a terrifying thought, really
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O__o
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): ~~not to increase the terrifyingness kf the thought but like~~
~~is that surprising considering normal people around you have considered sleeping with you~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If you remember that all of us here cosplay RWBY it makes that statement you said Georgia a bit more awkward XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://giphy.com/gifs/nba-basketball-l3q2SaisWTeZnV9wk
Georgia (Something Sensible): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Weeb): the takeaway from all this is that people sometimes consider being intimate with others and that's freaky
Georgia (Something Sensible): wild, remembering that other people have a sex drive
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am dying at that gif XDD
Georgia (Something Sensible): ME TOO I CANT STOP STARING AT IT
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Does no shave November include the nether reasons
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Like do i not get to trim that either if i commit
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg Hal 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): YOURE NOT LEGIT IF YOU DONT BANKRUPT THE RAZOR INDUSTRY SINGLEHANDEDLY
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): THIS IS IMPORTANT THINGS GET ITCHY
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can't 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): wait
Georgia (Something Sensible): its no shave november
Georgia (Something Sensible): not "no trim november"
Georgia (Something Sensible): ***LOOPHOLES***
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Yes but according to the official website you are
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Not to cut anyhair and let it grow wild and natural
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): So trimming wouldn't be in the spirit
Georgia (Something Sensible): cite your sources
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Gimme a moment ill get my computer
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~theres a site for this? what the fuck~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol did you google it Georgia?!
Marisa (Weeb): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): nah im patiently waiting for hals sources
Georgia (Something Sensible): wow
Georgia (Something Sensible): what a legend
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 100% a legend. 👌🏻
Marisa (Weeb): no other boudoirs can beat this everyone go home
Georgia (Something Sensible): why does anyone even try anymore
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats like the height of both comedy and sexy
Marisa (Weeb): this is what guys should look like after no shave november
Georgia (Something Sensible): _real men look like gandalf the grey after november_
Marisa (Weeb): *if you don't did you even try*
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://no-shave.org/
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have found it myself because im impatient
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): "The goal of No-Shave November is to grow awareness by embracing our hair, which many cancer patients lose, and letting it grow wild and free."
Georgia (Something Sensible): yo................. its for cancer awareness i never even knew................
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats actually really deep
Georgia (Something Sensible): i thought it was one of those shits and giggles things
Georgia (Something Sensible): i may actually do it now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Now that you mention it I think I do recall hearing before that's what it's for 🤔
Georgia (Something Sensible): im shook
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): November, N. (n.d.). No-Shave November. Retrieved from https://no-shave.org/
Georgia (Something Sensible): "The rules of No-Shave November are simple: put down your razor for 30 days and donate your monthly hair-maintenance expenses to the cause. "
Georgia (Something Sensible): i use like one razer a month so thats like 4 dollars but thats still something i guess huh
Georgia (Something Sensible): DID YOU REALLY CITE IT
Georgia (Something Sensible): IS THAT MLA
Georgia (Something Sensible): or whatever the other one is that they mention but ive never used
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He actually cited it 😂
Marisa (Weeb): it's missing date of access we need to go deeper
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): "The goal of No-shave November is to grow awareness by embracing our hair, which many cancer patients lose, and letting it grow wild and free." (November). 

Works Cited:

November, N. (n.d.). No-Shave November. Retrieved from https://no-shave.org/
Georgia (Something Sensible): marisa noticing the real details
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And uhhh apa? Idk that's the one I'm always required to use
Georgia (Something Sensible): APA THATS IT
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): its APA
Georgia (Something Sensible): W O R K S C I T E D
Rebecca (madameterralupus): APPA YIP YIP
Georgia (Something Sensible): is your entire essay just the wuote
Georgia (Something Sensible): rebecca plz omg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): xD
Georgia (Something Sensible): "Strict dress-code at work? Don't worry about it! We encourage participation of any kind; grooming and trimming are perfectly acceptable."
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): One second i got this
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think APA is actually for scientific papers while MLA is general now that i think about it
Georgia (Something Sensible): is not shaving a type of science? 🤔
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Apa is used a lot in public policy and english degrees
Marisa (Weeb): APA is psychology/sociology/linguistics/everything i've done in college
mla is high school
Marisa (Weeb): wait no we had to use it for history in high school
Georgia (Something Sensible): science is "i guess i made these up" then lmao
Georgia (Something Sensible): sources: me, thanks for coming to my ted talk
Georgia (Something Sensible): wow new jersey has at least two slots on the no shave november leaderboards
Georgia (Something Sensible): go jersey
Georgia (Something Sensible): #2 and #8 slots
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Does no shave November include the nether reasons
Like do i not get to trim that either if i commit? It is an important question, as things get itchy. While Trimming is allowed in some situations such at work where "grooming and trimming are perfectly acceptable" (November). Many argue that it is not within the spririt of the tradition, because it its core, "the goal of No-Shave November is to grow awareness by embracing our hair, which many cancer patients lose, and letting it grow wild and free." (November). Therefore, based on these rules, I have come to the conclusion, that while trimming may be appropriate in some cases, unless its for the sake of another, trimming the nether regions is not within the true spirit of No-shave November, even if it gets really itchy.

Works Cited:

November, N. (n.d.). No-Shave November. Retrieved from https://no-shave.org/
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): that paragraph belongs in MOMA
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): whats Moma
Georgia (Something Sensible): museum of modern art
Georgia (Something Sensible): such a piece
Georgia (Something Sensible): it is true art
Georgia (Something Sensible): and is obviously, quite modern
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I think my favorite thing about the citation is that 
No-shave November is considered the Author name
so it becomes November, N. for the citation
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): but because of the 2018 copy right
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): the inline citation is (November, 2018)
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): which just looks like a date
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): but no, its the author name and date
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yall really be sounding professional up in this nsfw chat
Marisa (Weeb): Putting the work in nsfw
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Wow y’all need to relax.
Marisa (Weeb): Relax in triplicate, properly addressed and stamped and brought up at the next regional meeting.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Relax in triplicate, sent in, sent back, queried, lost, found, subjected to public inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as firelighters.
Georgia (Something Sensible): MARISA THAT SLOGAN DESERVES TO BE USED SOMEWHERE
Georgia (Something Sensible): “Putting the work in not safe for work” omg genius
