Marisa (Mawisa): famous toothbrush scene <:rip:378273525804433408>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KJ58Pogl9c
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What the fuck XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also the endinnggg OMG XDD
Marisa (Mawisa): wAIT IDIDN'T WATCH TH E VIDEO
Marisa (Mawisa): WHAT IS THAT ENDING
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): The ending we all deserve
Marisa (Mawisa): good for him i like this better more
Marisa (Mawisa): it gets more lewd, i think the full toothbrush scene is like 4 minutes long. also they're siblings.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ... Siblings... I.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): For god sakes... Why
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Anime whyyyy
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Anime is a sin
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Anime = BANNED
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): monogatari series is everything good and bad about anime in the most extreme ways possible
Marisa (Mawisa): like osomatsu-san
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://giphy.com/gifs/hammer-super-mario-8-bit-qPD4yGsrc0pdm
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I need to watch that show too lol. It looks annoying though
Marisa (Mawisa): annoying? :0
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee idk.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's the one with all the dudes that look the same right?
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah!!
Marisa (Mawisa): we were watching it in the dorm once when the first season was airing ~~actually we were eating dinner when two girls changed the channel to watch it~~ and it was in the midst of the mad max-themed episode so i really enjoyed watching my non-weeb friends reactions to this
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Idk it just seems weird. It gives me that annoying vibe for some reason? XD Idk how to describe. But I hear its good? Some of my friends in NY really like it though. Just keep forgetting to check it out lol.
And ahh yess. Gotta love non-weeb reactions to shit XD
Marisa (Mawisa): it is **insanely** popular in japan. like, absolutely everywhere. every fujoshi has an osomatsu-san shirt and anime stores have like half a floor of merch just for this show.
Marisa (Mawisa): it's funny
Marisa (Mawisa): a remake of an anime from the 60s but it's nothing like the original at all
Marisa (Mawisa): 50% of cosplayers cosplayed this to events
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hmm. Ill keep it on my list to check out. It must not be bad if its that popular lol
Marisa (Mawisa): t'was as popular as hero academia is
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Huh 😮
Marisa (Mawisa): https://thumbs.gfycat.com/GlossyMediocreLaughingthrush-max-1mb.gif
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): how did they get away with this on television is what i wanna know
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ....I...what did I jsut come back to XD
Marisa (Mawisa): To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Otomatsu-san. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head.
Marisa (Mawisa): And yes, by the way, i DO have an Osomatsu-san tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎
