Georgia (Something Sensible): Yo after Erik’s summer lovin’ photoset, I’m really appreciative of this softcore couples boudoir
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): I don’t care about hot toddies BUT INTIMACY? That’s the good shit
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh yeee! I saw this a while back and I'm in love!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like honestly, that's the boudior shit I wanna do XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Straight up I wanna do a shoot like this for Royai cause yess~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): This softcore boudoir is sweet
Georgia (Something Sensible): I could probably get Noah to but I don’t personally want georgia boudoir out there
Georgia (Something Sensible): SO IM GONNA LIVE VICARIOUSLY THROUGH YALL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was gonna say guess we know what Georgia's gonna convince Noah to do 😜 Hehe
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol yes! Live vicariously through me when I do this softcore boudior ~~once I find someone to do it with me LOL~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): He said he would cosplay too but wigs freak him out 😂😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): Gotta do the gay boudoirs
Georgia (Something Sensible): With a hawt lady
Georgia (Something Sensible): Double the hot toddies
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao. Boys and wigs... I'll never get it. So many boys I know hate wigs... WhY?!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ANd hell yeee
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was watching clickbait about cosplayers who do suggestive cosplays too
Georgia (Something Sensible): Besides the confidence boost, they make hella monies
Georgia (Something Sensible): People pay a lot for (1) one clothed tit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Honestly. The ALMOST lewds are the hottest imho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like yes make me think
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~which I kinda wanna do and throw behind a low pay wall~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Beedoir is coming. 
Beedoir is coming bc I realized I have underwear that matches my Yang jersey perfectly
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also my collars didn't come yet im sad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I need to do a beedoir. I never did my Blake solo one XD
So now my stuff just sit buried in a drawer XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But. I want to show emotion. I want to show that there was tension and build up. I don't just want flying tits
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 👀 leggo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Or we can all do a pre CCE bikini shoot like. Mid summer. When it's actually warm enough to go to the beaches (I'll suffer sand for y'all )
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Flying tits XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I want my girls firmly on my chest where I can keep track of them. In a push up bra
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i need to learn my own camera goddamn it
Jess (whoozica): I will take spicy depictions of couple's with feels for each other over straightup lewds anyway
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ugh thats the good shit.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wanna do shit like that with Chris SO BADLY
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I wanna do birbs badly
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Such GOOD FUCKIN SHIT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~oh my collars arrived~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀 👌
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I thought they already did.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): you mean, *they came*?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): O W O
