Mark (Mad Doctor): So the Rabuck family is taking a vacation in the Bahamas this week. The lifeguard at our hotel pool notices my RWBY shirt. Not only is he a big fan, but he's also an amazing artist/designer, and he showed Audrey and me some of his character sketches. He said his dream is for someone to cosplay one of his designs someday. Making global connections through nerdery...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh that is so cool!!!!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Sadly, he does not post his work online, but Audrey may have planted the bug to get him to try insta
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We must nurture him into the next Mojojoj.
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): So I got 20$ in gas and it goes to 6.669 lmao the 9 ruined it Dx
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): are you kidding? what an amazing number! its both 666 AND 69
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): congratulations on your incredible morning LMAO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I was gonna say that sixty nine tho
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Hahahaha
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I just laughed the whole time
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.forbes.com/sites/edrensi/2018/07/11/mcdonalds-says-goodbye-cashiers-hello-kiosks/#5243a4846f14 well shit.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Apparently you can also use it to order a burger consisting of an empty bun
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/food/article-3062221/Man-uses-McDonald-s-new-create-burger-kiosk-build-enormous-tower.html
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh pretty much all the mcdonalds near me have these, it really is quite disturbing because i can tell the people behind the counter have less to do. though they also tried to implement a table service similar to panera thats supposed to help these people keep their jobs >.> but...still
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also yea, i can also add like a ten hashbrowns to my breakfast order LMAO
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, my parents won't pay on a Ziosk or anything at a restaurant. Entry level jobs are scarce enough as it is for kids.
Erik (slendergiant): Then there's me who hates human interaction so any chance to not interact with humans is ideal, but at the same time, yeah cutting out humans from jobs to save money is kinda shitty
Jess (whoozica): ~~i feel you~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I mean, is that intimidating talking to a dorky teenager?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Erik (slendergiant): yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 100% agreed with Erik's statement XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6EQAOmJrbw
Jess (whoozica): idk i dont go to fast food places anyway closest think i do is quickchek which has had that system for years
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): the closest I get to fast food is my work lol
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I don't eat things like mcdonalds or wendys
Jess (whoozica): ye me neither my body is like "plz no"
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): ikr and then I eat food from a regular restaurant and my body is like "noooooooooooo"
Jess (whoozica): :O!
Jess (whoozica): thats terribible!
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): yeahh I hate being that person that doesn't order food when we go out or eat when we're at a party but I can only eat so much of it XD
Jess (whoozica): awww! yea i know what you mean though
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I stopped at McDonalds for some fries on the way to get my nails done and the guy at the drive through window was nice, asked me how my day was and such and then when I asked him back he goes "same shit everyday" 
WHAT A MOOD 😂😂
