Marisa (Weeb): **FULL METAL ALCHEMIST**
Marisa (Weeb): anime fm is a radio station for weeb music. everything ties back into anime. that's the law of equivalent exchange.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ I saw Fullmetal Alchemist... so I immediately came ðŸ˜
Rebecca (madameterralupus): F=m/a?? No idea what that is but yea I think Fullmetal alchemist too ðŸ˜‚
Erik (slendergiant): Force = mass Ã— acceleration, the underlying equation of just about all of physics lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yeaaa I've never taken a physics class or need to so I would have never know that ðŸ˜‚
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~is an art and comm major so math is not need for me~|
Marisa (Weeb): recall ur grade school teachings it's hidden there somewhere
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmfao I can barely remember what I did in school last week... how am I to recall that far back? ðŸ˜‚
Marisa (Weeb): a seance
Marisa (Weeb): everybody hold hands now
Marisa (Weeb): good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay I lied I *do* need one math class for my major cause gen eds but I took it already soo I am freeeeeee
Marisa (Weeb): a-are you still in undergrad
a child
why is everyone smol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes. I am still trying to complete my *4* years of college... which is now taking 5 almost 6 cause so much BS ðŸ˜­
Marisa (Weeb): u can â­ do it!
my classmates are all way older than me and i offended literally everybody when i accidentally said "older/old people" when referring to people in their 50s
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thanks ðŸ˜© It's been a rough ride cause transfer credits and having to take medical leave last semester reaaally pushed me back.
And lol oof XD
Marisa (Weeb): transfer credits aretsyuikujhgfbluhhh. yeah that's 100% the college's fault. USA! USA!
Marisa (Weeb): ~~that event that invited me to be a guest is this weekend. i'm not gonna go. i don't want to run into any old co-workers or clients hhh~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hoping once my advisor switch goes through I can figure some shit out to get done sooner. 
And awww
Marisa (Weeb): ooo, did you request the switch or is it just happening?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I requested it. Cause when I switched to theater to broadcasting the other year they had me swap advisrors to someone in that teaching field... well I got one who never understood what I was asking for and was never around when I needed him >.<
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So I finally remembered to do it Friday. Gonna check tomorrow if it goes through. The secretary in my departments office was nice and let me mark down who I didn't want and who I would prefer. So hopefully the department head gives me one of the 2 I want ðŸ™
Marisa (Weeb): it should go through! i used to have that job at rowan and the advisers were just split up by the alphabet by default (we had 2 people who were the default advisors and then people could request to meet with the department head or co-chair instead, and every time we got a new student it was literally "last name starts with a through m? to advisor a. anything else goes to advisor b.)
but if a student wanted another adviser it was literally no issue unless their schedule was too jam-packed to schedule a meeting
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm I think that's how ours is. And they jsut give us whoever is open. Thankfully the 2 I want are the ones she said are available I think?? Soo wooo
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): 8/25 ppl showed up to my stat class this morning
Bill ðŸ“· (tlt_wm): *and is that a sound statistic on the classes interest in the topic?*
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Probably but ~~bad pun~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Usually at least 15-20 show up
Mark (Mad Doctor): Mind you, I end up picking latex out of my beard for days afterward
Marisa (Weeb): now accepting applications of people who want to come give me one million dollars and/or a back rub. preference will be given to the cash.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Big mood. Although my backs been killing me for months... so I'll just take the back rub ðŸ˜‚
Erik (slendergiant): For anyone needing more reasons to be broke
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RIP WALLET
Evie (Katheryne Knight): IOF
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I get payed
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Rip me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Idk if I even get payed cause my accounts are frozen T_T
Jess (whoozica): ðŸ˜® what dis?
Jess (whoozica): Finally got our Halloween decorations up, complete with sexy skelaton
Erik (slendergiant): A beautiful tribute to Burt Reynolds
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): he looks like he needs a chiropractor
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): School newspaper this week gets too real in the opinions section
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What the Nani?
