Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): The general public is interesting
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao what
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats what i thought LOL
Marisa (Mawisa): There are lots of people with armpit fetishes. It’s a big thing among Touhou Project fans for some reason so I get asked to raise my arms above my head a lot when I cosplay Reimu

He only complemented one of your armpits though what a freak
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nani the fuck
Erik (Red Riot Thot): One of my followers keeps sending me photos of his pets. Like, it could be worse, but like, I don't know you so I really don't care?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): However, another one of my followers is planning on doing a genderbent Blake and is asking me all sorts of questions about how I made mine and I'm just like YES I LOVE SHARING WHAT I DID
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm people asking how you made things is always a nice feeling. I like sharing knowledge and helping people out with their costumes :3
Jess (whoozica): ive had like 2 people ask me how i got my heart cut out to stand up so well and im just like "its cardstock my frens, i replace it each time i wash it"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮 ohh that's pretty smart. Do you have like a little pocket for it?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): wait, you do WHAT?!?!?
Jess (whoozica): nah use double stick tape XD
Jess (whoozica): i actually have to buy a new shirt ad re do it for katsu cuz i got makeup stains on the other one
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof that stinks. Makeup stains are the absolute worst <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jess (whoozica): yea, especially on white 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Deff! Have you tried spray and wash on it at all?
Jess (whoozica): yea i get spray and wash, bleach, dish soap, dreft and shout XD
Jess (whoozica): so i decided it was time to give up
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh damn... that's a really determined stain then if it hasn't come out even after all of those 😮
Jess (whoozica): yea foundation is crazy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Brown eyeliner is crazy too XD ~~I still have a stain on my Deku jacket from Sakura Sunday lol~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just discovered you can create "Idea Lists" on Amazon (which is different than the typical Wish List) and I made one for all of my Blake stuff and it's super convenient for sharing lol
Jamie (Jamie): So the office I was interviewing in today had a wonderful amount of weebness including at least 6 anime figures and other comic figures as well
Jamie (Jamie): Favi saw was a megumin figure from konosuba
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO
