Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm watching the Darlifra dub and thought Dr. Franxx sounded familiar. He's the same VA who voices Father/the narrator in FMA:B
Matt (mattmyers25): How cringey is the dub?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Very
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The word "darling" doesn't sound good in English lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The only characters whose voices I find comparable to the original is Zorome and Kokoro
Matt (mattmyers25): Nice lol
Marisa (Mawisa): what is UP
Marisa (Mawisa): so there are videos of monkeys petting cats and dogs but do you think monkeys would use their feet to also pet other animals
humans generally tend not to because feet are associated with dirt and movement and we use our hands for everything but is it the same with monkeys? ??
what about octopi do they even have tentacles that they consider legs or are they all categorized as the same. do octopi and squid have a dominant tentacle like we have dominant hands.
Marisa (Mawisa): turns out octopi have a dominant eye which may or may not be linked to a dominant tentacle.
no updates on the monkeys.
does anybody wear those socks that have separate spots for each of your toes? like a glove but it's a sock?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!351785752197201920> wears those funky toe socks lol
Marisa (Mawisa): wow that's freaky
see it's so weird that people find it notable
do you prefer them over regular socks
do you think if they had been the norm when socks were invented that now we would all be wearing toe-separating socks
Marisa (Mawisa): do people prefer mittens or gloves
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay but if toe separating socks were the norm instead of regular socks people like me and Erik would be screwed XD
Marisa (Mawisa): do you have four toes :0
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD Webbed toes
Marisa (Mawisa): omg that's cool ur a mercreature
Marisa (Mawisa): so do you ever pet animals with your feet?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Four toes I'm screaming omg XDD 
And lol I mean... sometimes I do so to my dog when I'm at the table and don't feel like bending over to do so
Marisa (Mawisa): i saw a cat once with like 8 fingers on one paw i really wanted to high......... high five? high eight?? i wanted to slap my hand gently against its paw in a bro-like fashion
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol mercreatures. Yes. You found out our hidden secret! XD
Marisa (Mawisa): pool cosplay time
Marisa (Mawisa): why don't we pet fish more often
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My ex had a polydactyl cat. Freaking weird but she was a sweet cat
Marisa (Mawisa): you ever pet an otter? they're very soft.
do octopi have a set number of suckers on their tentacles like we have fingers
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wish to pet an otter. They so freakin' cute.
Marisa (Mawisa): would otters wear toe socks
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg :3
Marisa (Mawisa): i wonder what life would be like if penguins were still 7 feet tall and megafauna was still around
Marisa (Mawisa): ur drivin to the bank when u hit this with your car wyd
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OMG. I think you just fucked if you hit that XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Nothing because you're dead
Marisa (Mawisa): "hey boss i'm gonna be a bit late to work today"
Marisa (Mawisa): in high school during our driver's ed final one of the questions was "you're driving on a thin mountain road at night and are going around a curve when you spot a possum in the road. there is a steep cliff on one side and an approaching car on the other. you are going too fast to stop. what do you do?"
one of the kids passed because he made the possum 7 feet big since they never specified its size
Marisa (Mawisa): would we even have cars if there were 7ft possums at our disposal
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay my thought though is... why are you going to fast to stop on a *thin mountain road, at night... on a curve* ?!
Marisa (Mawisa): you crave that mountain mineral
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I MISS THAT FUCKING MEME
Erik (Red Riot Thot): #BEINGBACKTHATMINERAL2K19
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like if you going that fast on that type of road to stop for a possum... you gonna get done fucked up at some point soo
Tom (tomukuncosplay): <@!301927856240459777> I do prefer them over regualr socks
Tom (tomukuncosplay): i have more control over each toe and its v. comf
Marisa (Mawisa): do wearing toe socks affect your driving in any way
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Truth. I don't think I've ever seen Tom wear normal socks XD
Tom (tomukuncosplay): like sometimes in my shoes i wish i could separate my toes
Marisa (Mawisa): rebecca comes over every day like "what socks we got today?"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Wishes I could just separate my toes in general... lol~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): AND lmao
Tom (tomukuncosplay): i like wearing toe socks to events cuz its funny :3c
Tom (tomukuncosplay): OOF TRUE
Tom (tomukuncosplay): i always forget that 🤔 :
Marisa (Mawisa): what if we just had hats we put over each toe. like fingerless gloves except opposite and for your feet
Marisa (Mawisa): how are y'all so familiar with each other's feet
Marisa (Mawisa): should i be wary of your parties
Tom (tomukuncosplay): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Tom (tomukuncosplay): we sit in a circle and hold toes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Georgia's parties are wild man. Lots of feet
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And LOL
Marisa (Mawisa): that's beautiful
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thats gonna be how we start the new year Tom lol.
Marisa (Mawisa): do you hold them with your feet or with your hands
Tom (tomukuncosplay): are you gonna hold toes with us marisa 💕
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm scared
Marisa (Mawisa): do i get paid
Tom (tomukuncosplay): at least 3 money
Marisa (Mawisa): tempting
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 3 money and lots of toe love
Marisa (Mawisa): i bet latex/leather toe socks exist and i'm going to stop thinking about this now
Marisa (Mawisa): ear socks
Marisa (Mawisa): life is weird living organisms are freaky
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I read that as orgasms.... OMG
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@351785752197201920> you need to get a pair of these
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~that too~~
attraction is weird
Marisa (Mawisa): are you trying to destroy his personal, social, and professional lives all in one go
Marisa (Mawisa): you ever see hiking high heels
Rebecca (madameterralupus): WHY
Marisa (Mawisa): fashion
Marisa (Mawisa): climb in style
Marisa (Mawisa): ascend
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Weak. One time in Scouts, my one friend's mom came and went hiking in normal heels
Marisa (Mawisa): power move
Erik (Red Riot Thot): AND IT WAS LIKE NO SWEAT FOR HER
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn 😮
Marisa (Mawisa): moms are scary
Tom (tomukuncosplay): ya know <@!386874959009415170>
Tom (tomukuncosplay): i've thought about it before
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm ok for the first 2 hours of mountain climbing but then i start dying
no u didn't. why.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm surprised you don't honestly
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol whoever has Tom for secret santa get him the weird toe shoes XD
Tom (tomukuncosplay): they are terrifying i must admit
Tom (tomukuncosplay): but imagine running through the meadow wit those on
Marisa (Mawisa): at zenkai a few years back i was just supposed to staff the dealers table and stay in one spot all day but some stuff went awry so I had to help assemble shelves and repeatedly walk up and down 8 flights of stairs to fetch things from the staff room in stilettos
Marisa (Mawisa): is that a joyous image for you. frolicking with those.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): as long as its first person view
Tom (tomukuncosplay): third person would be terrifying
Marisa (Mawisa): spectator mode
Tom (tomukuncosplay): otherwise its jsut some barefooted savage coming at you in a meadow in the middle of the night
Marisa (Mawisa): i hate when someone does that trying to sell stuff
Marisa (Mawisa): i HAVE a dictionary set I don't need more from nocturnal individualized toe meadow frolickers
Marisa (Mawisa): has anyone here ever met someone from north dakota
Marisa (Mawisa): no. because it doesn't exist.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): true!
Tom (tomukuncosplay): i did see someone comment on smoething once about internet speed saying they were from north dakota and there was nothing to do and bad internet
Marisa (Mawisa): a troll. they can't be from a state that doesn't exist.
or a government agent perpetuating the lie.
Marisa (Mawisa): A wall of socks just for tom
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I feel so out of place making up this final cause I'm sitting in during a different class to do it 😂
Tom (tomukuncosplay): OMG
Tom (tomukuncosplay): GIMME
ZombieHunter: <@!386874959009415170>  <@!184437198865563648>  there aren’t many seats left so I’m gonna grab them. Are you guys in tonight for 7 PM?
ZombieHunter: Today I learned Tom likes socks.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yes
ZombieHunter: Can anyone contact bill?
Marisa (Mawisa): smoke signalling biru
ZombieHunter: Thanks XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, I am. I can pick up the ticket tho, no worries.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *This shit is a dine in?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye, dont get excited though, not suUUUper fancy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its like the basic level dine in
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): AMC Rockaway is fancy to me.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh right and dine in have reserved seats. <@227431823062466569> did you start, cause now I see the value in one person booking all four.
ZombieHunter: Lmao
ZombieHunter: I also have a stubs account so I get reservation fees dropped.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oh nice.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So ye, I'm in, if you'd book it that'll be fine.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just need chicken tenders, fries, and booze and I'll be happy for the movie lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): let me know how much I owe you then <@227431823062466569>
ZombieHunter: Yessir
ZombieHunter: <@!386874959009415170>  <@!184437198865563648> 13 dollars
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://lifehacker.com/lifehacker-pack-for-windows-our-list-of-the-essential-1828117805
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://lifehacker.com/the-essential-android-apps-for-2018-1829424567
ZombieHunter: <@!386874959009415170> <@!184437198865563648>
ZombieHunter: we here
ZombieHunter: Where u
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Here
