Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Marisa (Weeb): how come everyone’s asleep at 5am on a Saturday
Marisa (Weeb): https://twitter.com/BBdosYaoi/status/1048317661153779712
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): How to test if your friends really love you: plan your wedding for Katsucon weekend.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s *evil*.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I love it.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Audrey is passing on a school trip to Quebec to go.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol seems the main priority here is Katsu XD
Mark (Mad Doctor): Well, yeah!
To be honest, we were planning a trip to Montreal/Quebec next summer when my wife has a conference there
Jess (whoozica): Just get married at katsu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ yes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): MOOD
Erik (slendergiant): Rent out the gazebo for the ceremony. Piss off every photographer at the con
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Wow that almost convinced me to do it just for that~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): 10 years from now: "Mommy, Daddy? Why are all those superheroes, princesses, and anime characters looking pouty in the background of your wedding pictures?"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmfao. That makes me think back when I was engaged my sister in law told me to have a cosplay wedding XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Saaaaakeeeeee
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Henlo frens
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Jess (whoozica): hewwo!
Georgia (Something Sensible): im trying to do physics studying right now, so at one point physicists thought that light travelled through something called the "aether"
Georgia (Something Sensible): so im trying to google it for a better definition
Georgia (Something Sensible): its apparently another name for one of the infinity stones so thats all that results im getting
Georgia (Something Sensible): _nerdom is impeding my physics studying_
Jess (whoozica): i think that basically means like "the expansive unknown abyss"
Georgia (Something Sensible): its like, the space of reality yeah
Georgia (Something Sensible): which makes sense cause its another name for the reality stone!
Georgia (Something Sensible): ✨ the more you know ✨
Erik (slendergiant): I just taught my parents how to use the Fast Lane Kiosks at Panera... it took us like 15 minutes to order... I'm finally realizing my parents are old people...
