Erik (slendergiant): But anyway, the BBQ Chicken Mac and Cheese was bangin' 👌🏻
Rebecca (madameterralupus): BBQ and Mac cheese. The best 👌🏻
Marisa (Weeb): new rwby mango being published soon
Marisa (Weeb): also has anyone read The Session
it's an official light novel RWBY beach episode
Marisa (Weeb): this girl i knew from high school messaged me "hey... i think I found your tumblr" with a link to it and i was like "ya that's me! you use tumblr? what's your url" and she refused to tell me and she seemed super weirded out that she knew my tumblr. like it was some big secret that no one must ever know.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Lmao wtfffff
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Sometimes when I wake up looking like shit I wish I could just slap on a snapchat filter and call it a day. Just have everyone see me with a filtered face, fake eyelashes and bunny ears. Anyone else ever get that feel?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): THATS A FUCKING MOOD
Jess (whoozica): Only everyday of my life
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Repping the Arkos swag today
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:lenny:456549338026344489> Gotta share a dramatic scene from a show/movie in the discussion board of my screen writing class. Ya'll bet your ass imma do RWBY~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Got a scene in mind?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I want to do Raven and Yang's confrontation in last season buuutt I think it's too long cause she said it's to be 1-2 mins long. Sooo I may do Blake and Adams in that season lol
Erik (slendergiant): The death of Pyrrha Nikos
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OOF
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean... that'd deff be a good one but OUCH XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I may do that one now. Cause I deff think this one I am doing is too long T_T
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Pyrrha vs penny oof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why ya'll hurt me like this XDD Choosing the most painful scenes lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/yWiJ.gif
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMFAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Idk why that made me laugh so hard but I almost choked on a fucking animal cookie XD Dammit Leanna
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Omfg I'm so glad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XDD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> <:rip:378273525804433408>  <---- I did it.. Ooops
Georgia (Something Sensible): OOF
Georgia (Something Sensible): Penny V Pyrrha would be good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Have fun reading this classmates... lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And mhmm. A lot of these scenes though are hard to do cause there's little talking and more action. But The cinder vs. Pyrrha was good cause it had a good mix of both lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pick a 1-2 minute dramatic scene that you *like* that has dialogue <--- Lmfao. I mean I dooonnn't like that scene technically cause ouch my heart but XDD
Mark (Mad Doctor): I think the scene in Ozpin's office following the Qrow/Winter fight would be fun to analyze. Five characters with different agendas all in conflict with each other to some degree
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh that would be XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): This was kinda neat cause I had to go back, rewatch it and keep pausing to write down any action and dialogue lol. I may have to do this more so 1. I can remember scenes better and 2. get more quotes to add to photos cause dammit people don't write down/shares Ravens much on quote sites lol
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): i got espresso at dunkin
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I have been hurt
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I can taste the acidity in the fumes coming from it
Jess (whoozica): I'm excited because I'm going to Target later which means I can get starbucks 😂
