Evie (Katheryne Knight): https://youtu.be/vj-XylS44-k
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Merry Holidays you guys here's my gift
Marisa (Mawisa): what everyone get for christmas?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Haven't opened ours yet
Mark (Mad Doctor): Best non-alcoholic gifts: an outdoor fireplace, an instant pot, and a new wallet
Marisa (Mawisa): *what are you waiting for*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Church*
Marisa (Mawisa): o is that a thing people do on christmas. i thought that happened at midnight
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Depends what time you go
Marisa (Mawisa): there's a synagogue in nyc that has hannukah services but you have to pay for it. the free service has you sit in a dark basement and just listen through the floorboards it's weird.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That makes zero sense lol
Marisa (Mawisa): out of curiosity, are the presents related to religion?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): No
Marisa (Mawisa): fancy synagogue. front row seats are like $5000 or something. unusual.
Mark (Mad Doctor): We made like lazy Catholics and did mass yesterday afternoon
Jess (whoozica): I'm waiting for Tom to wake up
Marisa (Mawisa): *wake him up*
Jess (whoozica): *wake him up inside*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): We used to do the 10pm mass Christmas Eve but we started going to my mom's cousin's Christmas party so now we go in the morning
Marisa (Mawisa): kiss him and be like "there's ur gift"
Marisa (Mawisa): BoJo and I usually just wake up, trade gifts, and then it's a regular day. sometimes we go to family for lunch or dinner. i always get a $20 barnes and noble gift card! owo
Jess (whoozica): Books! Whoo!
Marisa (Mawisa): enough for two whole manga
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~the last 5 year's it's gone towards textbook funds lol~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We don't open ours until the afternoon when family is all here and we are done eating lol
Marisa (Mawisa): such a torturous policy
Marisa (Mawisa): everyone gets there and eats the food in one bite like owls
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Got some new sweaters and soft pants. Also a Visa card and a giant gift card ^___^
Matt (mattmyers25): I got a ticket to see Lewis black in Hershey. A 3d puzzle and a Visa gift card
Matt (mattmyers25): I also got a random text message thanking me for a gift card and table center piece. I dont know who that is
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD Did you get anyone a table center piece??
Matt (mattmyers25): No
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Weird. Just tell them sorry wrong number. Oops lol
Matt (mattmyers25): I did
Marisa (Mawisa): respond back like "you're welcome ;)" and let the confusion commence
Mark (Mad Doctor): Low-key I've always wanted to do a Lewis Black cosplay...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm sad normally I can open my stocking before everyone comes but my mom says to wait this year after lunch <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Marisa (Mawisa): elaborate all the trouble you had to go through to find the centerpiece. going through back alleys and travelling the globe to obtain it.
Mark (Mad Doctor): My kids were up at 5:00. All presents opened by 6:30. Naps commenced at 9:00
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof there was no way I'd be up that early XD I never got up that early as a kid. 8am was my earliest.
Marisa (Mawisa): pm right. 5pm.
Mark (Mad Doctor): If we see the sun while opening gifts, an angel loses its wings
Marisa (Mawisa): i have hiccups now
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): On blinky boi
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He nap
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He s l e p
Marisa (Mawisa): pinch his nose
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He sensed I was picturing and he woke XD
Marisa (Mawisa): QUICK PINCH HIM NOW
Marisa (Mawisa): BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He in the bathroom XD
Marisa (Mawisa): prepare an elaborate trap
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pinch his butt <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD
Marisa (Mawisa): inappropriate, if you do that police will physically manifest in your hosue
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just all the sudden you hear sirens and a door banging down "We got a code P-1-N. She did it. Arrest her. Lewd butt pinching"
Georgia (Something Sensible): Alright which one of your nerds got cosplay for chrimis
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just saw your story Georgia. Noice guitar~! :p
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH when u gonna rock out
Marisa (Mawisa): lets form a band for katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): THANK it matches most of my clothes
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye Noah’s gonna take me to get cords and accessories tomorrow
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEAH MARISA
Georgia (Something Sensible): Actually my sister got a melodica for Christmas so she’s like let’s start a family band
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sweet. Is he teaching you guitar too? Or do you already play? 😮
Marisa (Mawisa): what kind of music would your family band play
Marisa (Mawisa): gregorian polka
Marisa (Mawisa): hip hop hymns
Georgia (Something Sensible): He plays bass mostly but can also play guitar because the way you play both is basically the same
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ve wanted to be more musical so learning will be fun!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Audrey is running around as Tracer. Already styled the wig
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *I'M ALREADY TRACER*
Georgia (Something Sensible): I love the new gift hype
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s my fav part of Christmas morning
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like I have to cycle through not one but THREE pairs of NASA sweatpants to give them all love now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Idk what else I got yet cause we do gifts after lunch but aside from the camera last night I got some RWBY boxer breifs 😛 lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): G O O D
Georgia (Something Sensible): We do brunch at my house
Georgia (Something Sensible): German style, with waffles and bacon and sausage
Georgia (Something Sensible): And then we lay around all day playing with our gifts
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like my sister got Fallout 76 but only wants to play overwatch all day so I’m gonna yoink her gift to try out lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The way you play guitar and bass are actually pretty different but if you can play regular guitar, picking up on bass isn't too hard
ZombieHunter: LOL
ZombieHunter: Georgia no
ZombieHunter: I’m at work
ZombieHunter: send good vibes and Christmas tips 😂😂😂
ZombieHunter: As a delivery guy. Please send Christmas tips 😭😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Got some sweet RWBY mercy of Beacon and Haven academy <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Georgia (Something Sensible): He’s played bass and acoustic guitar so I assume stuff will somehow translate 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): If anyone else plays guitar and has some tips HMU plz
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Self taught and been playing like, 12 years. I gotchu <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): Practice holding chords a lot
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): Your fingers are gonna hurt until they calluses
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I was told about the callus thing, and to make sure to keep my nails short for the same reason
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ethan responded to my story saying I had a really good amp too so at least I know my equipment is putting me in the right direction
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~now I just gotta, do the actual thing~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://aiocosplay.com/products/8hyxtnu8
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!155492347122155520> 👆🏻
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.zippo.com/pages/hand-warmers?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_content=link6hr&utm_campaign=zippo2018-handwarmers
Erik (Red Riot Thot): For Konkon next year
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn the 6 hours ones are expensive 😱
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ya'll Imma be living at Starbucks for a while. I have so much in giftcards to them now XD ☕
Matt (mattmyers25): <@169297844874903552> as much as I like the hoodie, it is from a company that steals other peoples work and then sells it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof 😱
