Mark (Mad Doctor): Just checked PA license plate availability. OWO, UWU and WEEB are all taken. JNPR and STRQ are available
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I was toying with the idea of getting STRQ for my white car...
Mark (Mad Doctor): *impulse buy...*
Georgia (Something Sensible): how dare owo already be taken
Erik (Red Riot Thot): what about YEET
Erik (Red Riot Thot): or HAWT TIT
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeet been taken. I'm too shy to search hawt tit
Georgia (Something Sensible): what memer in pennsylvania is taking all the good license plates
Mark (Mad Doctor): Suddenly, I'm very proud of my state
Georgia (Something Sensible): damn new jersey has owo taken too
Georgia (Something Sensible): nyah is available tho
Evie (Katheryne Knight): How DARE OWO already be taken
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): WTCH has been taken *sigh* it has 8 spaces so I spelled out team wtch but its like only 7 characters are allowed.....then why are there 8 spaces to fill?!?!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): What about SALM FUX
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): nooooooooooooo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ozpinfux is available
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I know what I'm doing <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): *wheeze*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): how? that's too many letter
Rebecca (madameterralupus): salm fux.... OMG
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh FUCK nvm I spelt it wrong LMAO NVM OZPINFUX IS NOT AVAILABLE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I forgot the i
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ozpnfux
Georgia (Something Sensible): so ozpnfux is available
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats a very important takeaway
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀 Branwen is available...
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): oooh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So is Wukong 🐵
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm bored
what are all you fine barbie girls in your barbie worlds doing tonight
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Script writing. And now zoning out cause so freakin' tired T_T
Marisa (Mawisa): oooooooooooooooooooooo woah!! is that for fun or for school/work
Rebecca (madameterralupus): School... I deff wouldn't be writing 60 pages in a hurry if I didn't have to 😂
Marisa (Mawisa): some people are into that stuff idk <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): my manga magazines that i put outside are gone with the rest of the recycling bins so either my recycling worked or someone is enjoying 8 old butchered manga magazines
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol this is true. I used to enjoy writing but stress has killed my creativity over the past few years womp
Tom (tomukuncosplay): This is also true
Marisa (Mawisa): is miso soup a meal or a drink
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Hmm
Tom (tomukuncosplay): A drink
Tom (tomukuncosplay): And a very very smol snack in the drink
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think Instagram shifted the algorithm again? My engagement has been down
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Same
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was wondering if it was all in my head but I get reports on how I’m doing and I’ve lost a full 5% engagement
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): And two weeks ago it was down 10%
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thanks Instagram
Jess (whoozica): i dont even try to understand insta
Jess (whoozica): me "oh that looks like a neat tool"
"opp nvm guess its only for cool kids"
Jess (whoozica): Analyze "any"?? dont lie to my hype auditor
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!386567060026556417> If Audrey ever wants to come on back, I know I speak for all of us when I say we’d like to have her. You can pass her the link. https://discord.gg/ssDbsK3 (I saw she was asking about cosplay friend groups)
Mark (Mad Doctor): That's kind of you. Audrey is fond of everyone in BNE, and she was touched by your offer. I think she's looking for a crew closer to her own age as she rebuilds her life since she cut ties with a lot of friends from her old school (who were borderline toxic). She once said she found BNE intimidatingly sophisticated
(Yeah, I don't get it either😆) but I'm sure she will be happy to hang out at cond
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Course. I wish her the best of luck finding a group she can bond with. (Sophisticated? We’ve got compulsive coffee drinkers, hogwarts builders, at least a dozen people freaking out about tests, and all sorts of other hijinks!)
Georgia (Something Sensible): BNE could be a sketch comedy
Mark (Mad Doctor): True enough!
