Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma share a bunch of Xiao Long/Branwen derp photos from CCE soon... Is this a good caption?? 
"The family that derps together stays together. Oh wait... 😅 "
Marisa (Weeb): There are SO many hero academias riding this dragon ride. We’re cosplaying at an amusement park and it’s just beautiful
Marisa (Weeb): PRINCESS EUPHEMIA IN A GIANT BALLGOWN IS BEING LED UP THE STEPS TO THE DRAGON RIDE BY A SUZAKU. I CANT
Marisa (Weeb): Will put video on my insta soon but basically there was a todoroki cosplayer every single time that ride went up. It’s like it couldn’t move without a todoroki cosplayer to power it.
Jess (whoozica): This all sounds amazing
Marisa (Weeb): Rwbies also spotted
Tom (tomukuncosplay): OMG EUPIE
Tom (tomukuncosplay): So PRECIOUS
Marisa (Weeb): i was one letter away
Marisa (Weeb): <:imdyingsquirtle:378261448838610944>
Tom (tomukuncosplay): **you went for a long one there** <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Weeb): hubris
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): guys
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): piano no mori
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): has an anime
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): its amazing
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): guys I love piano anime
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): guys watch Forest of Piano on netflic
Georgia (Something Sensible): someone bought me the wig caps and NASA patches that were on my amazon wishlist
Georgia (Something Sensible): so i had to very quickly figure out how to forward mail from a deactivated PO boc
Georgia (Something Sensible): its amazing how much adults ive had to learn because of cosplay
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pfft. They only did it now?
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah idk i thought it was kinda random too
Georgia (Something Sensible): it says they did it today
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause at first i thought it was from like three weeks ago
Georgia (Something Sensible): "im sorry for your loss, have wig caps and
Georgia (Something Sensible): but NOPE its from today
Jess (whoozica): Oh shit
Jess (whoozica): That was me 😞
Georgia (Something Sensible): also in case anyone needs to know, it turns out for a dollar the post office will forward your mail to a new address
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg really jess?
Jess (whoozica): Yes! I sowwy! It asked me for a shipping address tho?
Jess (whoozica): So I put your real address is
Georgia (Something Sensible): OH okay thats good
Georgia (Something Sensible): well someone else sent me something then too 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause someone messaged me like "flannel queen! what address can we send mail to?"
Georgia (Something Sensible): so i loWKEY think someones gonna send me a flannel for some reason LMAO
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~was about to say wow how that’s getting out of hand~~
Jess (whoozica): Oh yea the wig caps and patches we're me cuz I was researching ko for, and I looked at your link tree and I went on your wish list and read you only had 2 wig caps and I was like !?!!?!
Georgia (Something Sensible): if someone sends me a flannel then i have too much power and im afraid of myself at that point
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEAH i got so much hairs theyre murdering the wig caps i have left
Georgia (Something Sensible): thank jess, you are a kind soul
Jess (whoozica): You welcome! Sorry if I caused you trouble!
Georgia (Something Sensible): nah it okay i needed to forward my mail anyways lol
Erik (slendergiant): I was going to ask if you had a college PO Box but then I realized that might be too personal of info
Georgia (Something Sensible): my wishlist is honestly for me to keep track of what cosplay materials i still need for the most part lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah i have a college one but i dont want people knowing where i go to college lmao
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The internet people anyway.
Georgia (Something Sensible): new brunswick PO box would immediately give away that i go to Rutgers
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye the internet peeps
Georgia (Something Sensible): like the random guy that bought me the 50 dollar airbrush kit...... g damn
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): What a bro.
Georgia (Something Sensible): ikr and they didnt even want the credit
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mean i think i figured out who it was
Georgia (Something Sensible): but they didnt sign their IG handle or anything
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Little did they know you hate surprises.
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mean
Georgia (Something Sensible): i wont scoff a 50 dollar airbrush kit
Georgia (Something Sensible): 9 times out of 10 i hate surprises
Georgia (Something Sensible): but this was actually a pleasant surprise
Georgia (Something Sensible): i could take 50 dollars off of my budgeting plan for my cosplay expenses phew
