Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://catchymemes.com/post/179716301023/welcome-to-japan
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@301927856240459777> how accurate is this?
Marisa (Weeb): nyooms in
Marisa (Weeb): hmm I've never noticed the car in reverse thing. A lot of cars do park in reverse now that I think about it, but I've seen some not in reverse in private lots. cosplayers also use the white lines in parking lots as guides when cosplaying. they stand on the line and cameramen line up along the line in front of them at comiket and animejapan

fruits can be cubes but they way expensive. those are found in department store basements where the fancy supermarkets are and are like $100 probably.

ya people stick to the left when it's crowded. people drive on the left here. during rush hour or when walking down a busy street people tend to go left but otherwise it's a toss up and just use common sense. if you go up or down stairs stay left especially in the train stations.

the lamp brightness thing.... not quite? In some hotels maybe yeah but you can bet that's like the only lamp in the room if that's the case. A lot of hotels, the electricity in the room only works when the room key is in a special slot next to the door.

yeah the line thing. if it's anime related expect people to cut. if it's rush hour expect a ton of long lines and trains so packed you literally can't breathe because everyone is squished in and they have people who just shove everyone in so no one gets their arm crushed by the closing door.

stickers..... yeah? sometimes? if it's a poll like in that example picture, but sometimes people go crazy with stickers too. or it starts orderly in lines and then goes crazy.
Marisa (Weeb): i hit character limit oops
Marisa (Weeb): yeah posters are pretty exactly spot-on. for everything. food I've ordered always looked identical to the picture of it.

not waved, but bowed at. and not every place does it but most non-public transportation areas will. actually now that I think about it sometimes the train station attendants bow also but not always. but they'll bow at limo buses going to the airport, buses travelling long distance like when I went to mt fuji, and those cable lifts that I can't recall the name of right now but it's what they used to escape the burning rock in avatar.

i've never been to a urinal but toilets come in 3 kinds.
1.) ancient squat toilet. mostly found at shrines, elementary schools, community centers, train stations and public bathrooms. gross.
2.) regular toilets (also bathrooms don't have trash cans or paper towels and some don't have dryers so you need your own handkerchief)
3.) fancy toilets. come with flushing noises or music, bidets, heated seats, a whole control panel of stuff. found in most upscale stores and universities.
Marisa (Weeb): yeah if a toilet stall is occupied you generally know which is nice, and there's no giant gap in  between the stall walls. high-end places will have a screen like that which shows what's occupied and what's not but most places just have a green or red dot on the door to tell you.

ATMs definitely have bag holders and coffee holders when they're in convenience stores.

some touristy spots might have that selfie thing? I've only seen it at Disney tbh and that was actually for taking pictures of stuffed toys.
Marisa (Weeb): umbrella holders yeah. especially at theaters or museums and stuff. you lock up your umbrella. places that don't have those will have plastic bags for your umbrella, or at the very least something to drag your umbrella through to dry it. the long plastic bags are the most common.

yeah most places have fancy manhole covers! ours are regular but 10 minutes south are kind of jazzed up and I've seen anime ones too.

diagonal crosswalks are only in big crowded areas like shibuya there.

feet soaking places are so-so. I've seen it offered at art museums and places that do massages but they aren't super common.

people are outwardly clean but can be secretly filthy. kids here are just made to clean up after school. elementary kids are supervised and then after that kids get assigned cleaning duty because a lot of schools don't have janitors. 

I haven't seen luggage color coordinated like that but they do like it up really neatly. They do that at cosplay events all the time.

bathroom stalls totally have baby seats in the stalls!! to put your kid while you use the toilet!! some also have a little pull-out platform to change clothes on so your feet don't touch the dirty floor. houses and traditional buildings will have separate bathroom slippers you have to put on.

toilets do sometimes have sinks on them. mine does. public ones won't.

water usually isn't that clean in the drains lol. the drains here are disgustingly filthy.

never seen that smartphone cleaning paper but it looks exactly like the animejapan cosplay pass :0
Marisa (Weeb): there's my novel <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Neat!
Mark (Mad Doctor): My life's goal is to own one of those super deluxe Japanese Toto toilets.
Jess (whoozica): true sign of success
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg I had such a weird dream last night that BNE was all in my living room and we were fighting
Georgia (Something Sensible): But it was double convoluted because we also had Quirks
Georgia (Something Sensible): and so everyone was yelling at each other about something and Bill was like “georgia you have to leave the room”
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I was like “no” and Bill was like “your quirk will kill everyone if you don’t”
Georgia (Something Sensible): Cause apparently my quirk was like, a human battery, that charged off of other people’s negative emotions
Georgia (Something Sensible): So I was like a live wire and Rebecca was about to bump into me and everyone gasped and stopped fighting
Georgia (Something Sensible): But Rebecca’s quirk was phasing through stuff so there was a big sigh of relief
Georgia (Something Sensible): Then I woke up lol
Jess (whoozica): Rebecca is Mirio confirmed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMFAO
Georgia (Something Sensible): Everyone had very big flashy quirks tho like the room was chaos and people were very angry
Georgia (Something Sensible): Hence, my emotional battery quirk was supercharged
Mark (Mad Doctor): Your hero name is Grimm
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I had a dream I was working on our shop floor facing the main entrance and people started leaving and when they opened the door I saw it was snowing and I just let out a groan and then that was it
Jess (whoozica): thats a nightmare
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Wow that's neet lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmfao.My next genbent = Mirio XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!351471675843411978> and <@!351785752197201920>  RT has Nora's workout clothes on sale as well as Chibi Ren's bandana.
Jess (whoozica): OwO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Work out clothes are $5 off each, and Ren's banadana was on sale for $7.99
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The whole Nora ensemble is still $67 total. Oof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea it's not much off but a little bit still helps 🤷
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I high key wanna by more of the varsity tees for the girls but I gotta save for next weekend 😭
Jess (whoozica): ye i looked at it beofre but i figures i could prob make it for cheaper like i did with my boop shirt
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074MGD4S8?tag=kinjadeals-20&ascsubtag=be36ce256c73981b711e0fa81e06c685d67d2768
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm sure these could be useful for stuff.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/vine-returning-byte-launching-2019/
