Georgia (Something Sensible): Anyone else got the new Instagram?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): New Instagram?
Matt (mattmyers25): Huh?
Marisa (Mawisa): Instagram™ GOLD©. Only for the Instagram™ Elite.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You high on cough syrup?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also no, and I’ve heard nothing in the news about an update.
Marisa (Mawisa): [[SYSTEM NOTICE: You must be an Instagram™ GOLD© Platinum™ Member or above to see this message.]]
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): SHIT I need to pay up.
Georgia (Something Sensible): It makes the follower count font WAY smaller
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Marisa (Mawisa): No :0
Georgia (Something Sensible): I like that my profile pic is nice and big
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just updated and mine hasn't switched yet
Marisa (Mawisa): Georgia what kind of phone do you use?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I've seen a bunch of people complain about it but I think it looks nicer honestly
Georgia (Something Sensible): iPhone babyyyy
Marisa (Mawisa): iPhone App Store has a two day processing time so android usually gets updates faster
Ooo that’s interesting. Hm.
Georgia (Something Sensible): I mean it’s less status-symbol-y
Georgia (Something Sensible): You can’t hook people instantly by having a lot of followers
Georgia (Something Sensible): People are probably more likely to have engaging profile pics now
Marisa (Mawisa): What are the empty circle things above the pictures
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Highlights
Marisa (Mawisa): Oh like profile contouring?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Marisa (Mawisa): Wot
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like you can save your stories for future viewing
Marisa (Mawisa): O that’s weird
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like, I have one for my Hogwarts progress so people can look at it at any time
Marisa (Mawisa): Oh other people can see them? :0
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah mine are usually for cons!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah it's just a thing to post your stories if you want them to be available after they've expired.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And yeah that's a good use for them!
Marisa (Mawisa): I have no ideas for highlights. My content is dull and time exclusive like a non-holographic NYCC only trading card.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): You post a lot of stuff of your adventures in Japan! You could have one for that kind of stuff!
Marisa (Mawisa): I’ve never noticed that :0
I get scared of new buttons online. One click and you’ve doxxed the entire non-existent state of North Dakota
Marisa (Mawisa): A highlight of me slowly zooming in on a cat sitting in front of a shrine. Boom. 
OH I took a picture of two deers battling in front of s shrine yesterday that was metal.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): OH that. That was announced forever ago, what happened.
Marisa (Mawisa): Several arrests and various job terminations.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh yea I have that update too Georgia lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://ew.com/movies/2018/12/19/artemis-fowl-judi-dench-first-look/
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@301927856240459777>
Marisa (Mawisa): Hewwo
Oh I am far ahead of you my amigo
Marisa (Mawisa): The AF discord server is all over this like fans of a movie getting news of that movie
Marisa (Mawisa): Also I like how they call themselves ew
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I understand the reasoning for the gender reversal, but I'm still not sure how I feel
Marisa (Mawisa): Yeah. People think they might mash together Root and Vinyaya? But I think I’ve seen Vinyaya on the cast list I can’t remember. I’m still on the fence about it but if the rest of the movie is perfect... maybe
Marisa (Mawisa): And the author being involved in the screenwriting sounds promising but this is also the author who forgot about Artemis’s love interest and dropped her entirely because he forgot about her lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't even remember Vinyaya... it's been so long... and I don't think I even made it past book 3 lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): LOL
Marisa (Mawisa): OH NO
Vinyaya plays a bigger role later in the series when something very big and important happens that will affect Holly and Root’s characters so it’s best that they’re separate entities
Then in the time paradox book I think, when they go to get the lemur, there’s a girl named Minerva who’s like Artemis’s friendly rival and she was supposed to be the love interest and it was implied they’d keep in touch but all future books were like “Minerva who?”
Marisa (Mawisa): The Artemis Fowl discord is just a bunch of people saying “grumpy” in response to Judi Dench looking very grumpy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That she does
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hopefully she does the character justice
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So my boss decided to actually close the Mondays of Christmas Eve and New Years Eve which is nice. They'll be unpaid which is not nice, but I'm going to use up my remaining vacation days for the year so I do get paid which is nice.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): What's that phrase miles used to describe volume 6 that meant cutting out things you like for the good of the script?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Wasn't it "killing"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): killing your darlings
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ^
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): that.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So as creepy as the Snapchat bitmoji map is, I still find it fascinating to see where people are
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I just got a shipping notification from Rooster Teeth for the package that was delivered two days ago lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *At least they sent you the right thing!*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): meanwhile, amazon putting a notification in my calendar for every single thing I've ordered for gifts and myself.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): (I think it's so ridiculous because it treated a set of 5 books as 5 individual orders)
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~or the first three on the 24th are the same thing, wtf calendar~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): I just got an apology from Amazon for their failure to deliver a jar of liquid latex I had ordered along with a full refund. Which is odd, because it showed up on Monday. I'm not complaint, but I feel bad for the cosplayer who is now out their liquid latex and the money they paid
Erik (Red Riot Thot): how do you get your amazon to put a notification on your calendar?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Outlook does it.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): (I have an outlook.con address)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ah
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Welp, I guess I'm Phyllis now
Jamie (Jamie): Figures weather hits 60s for a day tomorrow but with a catch
Jamie (Jamie): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): yall i went back and tagged some of my posts with the beaconnortheast tag
Georgia (Something Sensible): in case we wanna start cranking out stuff for the squad instagram
Georgia (Something Sensible): so if anyone else wants to do the same, have at ye
Erik (Red Riot Thot): you can even tag your photos with the squad account and then it'll show up on the tagged photos section ~~which could then be reposted for simplicity's sake~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): ERIK WITH THE PRO STRATS
