snow ( karma chameleon ): GOALS
Marisa (Weeb): THE ARTEMIS FOWL TRAILER IS OUT
Marisa (Weeb): AFTER ***AGES***
Erik (Red Riot Thot): YESSS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I feel like they talked about making a movie for like, the past decade
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I need to reread and finish that series
Marisa (Weeb): yeah!!! one has been in works since 2003/2006 but there's been issues with the copyright and stuff until disney finally got a hold of it in 2013 and last year they put out a casting call and now *look how far we've come*
Marisa (Weeb): i went through the trailer frame by frame because i'm desperate like that.
*is that mulch with an iris-cam on*
Marisa (Weeb): my coworkers and i all re-read the books a few months ago
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't think I got past book 3
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I bought books 4 and 5 but never got around to reading them
Marisa (Weeb): ooo. i couldn't finish the final book when i re-read it earlier this year. it does kind of decline towards the end but the last is the worst in my opinion. there's even a love interest for artemis that the author admitted he totally forgot about and that's why she isn't in any of the following books lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): RIP
Marisa (Weeb): they are making some major changes to the story that fans aren't happy about. i'm just thrilled for now and if it's a horrifying disappointment i'll deal with that when i'm heartbroken in the theater
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oof
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think that sets it up for being one of the film adaptations that never gets a sequel...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): have you ever read any of Eoin Colfer's other stuff?
Marisa (Weeb): just his final book for the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I have yet to read that one
Marisa (Weeb): i'm so glad they kept artemis young though
https://66.media.tumblr.com/5678d5f168ed21269c1a65117826239a/tumblr_piusitd6mu1w1t2ixo1_540.gif
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But I really liked *The Wish List* and *The Supernaturalist*
Marisa (Weeb): are you a percy jackson fan? i've been meaning to reread those too
Marisa (Weeb): barnes and noble sells a giant book that's a compilation of all the hitchhiker's guide books in one novel for like $20
Marisa (Weeb): one of their fancy gold leaf ones
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I WANT IT BECAUSE IT LOOKS V NICE
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I bought the Wizard of Oz B&N compilation so I could do RWBY research lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And I never got around to the Percy Jackson series
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I heard the books were good but the movies were trash
Marisa (Weeb): yeah the movies are absolute garbage
i have a ton of fairy tale books from B&N they work great for cosplay and also i'm fairy tale trash
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just need all of those B&N hardbacks because they're all gorgeous (and actually v cheap?) but like, when I have my own place I want a bookshelf to just fill with them because they look so nice lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): they've got the Star Wars book adaptations and some Doctor Who novels and ugh they are just so pretty
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't even read that much anymore but I want them
Marisa (Weeb): give us artemis fowl fancy book
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@!184437198865563648> I was tempted to finally get the Echo/Amazon Fire stick off Amazon and was ready to check out, but it said the Fire Stick wouldn't be delivered until like a week and a half from now and then I remembered I can buy it at Best Buy for the same price and just get it in store 😂
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): lol nicu.
snow ( karma chameleon ): today the person ahead of me at Starbucks paid for my coffee I feel blessed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): damn, thats like an investment
snow ( karma chameleon ): They gave a twenty and said ‘here use this on everyone after me until it runs out’
snow ( karma chameleon ): Kindness goals
Jess (whoozica): OO das nice
snow ( karma chameleon ): it rlly warmed my frigid heart
Erik (Red Riot Thot): that happened to me at Wawa once! One lady paid for the person in front of me's coffee, who then paid for my coffee, so then I paid for the coffee behind me. The person behind me only had coffee so it died after that lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Granted that was during their "any size for $1" promo, but still...
snow ( karma chameleon ): kind ppl... gotta find me freaks like that
Tom (tomukuncosplay): 💕 💕
Tom (tomukuncosplay): 🙏
Matt (mattmyers25): To continue  the convo about yeeting condoms at katsu
Matt (mattmyers25): https://www.facebook.com/186048831412933/posts/2618114738206318/
snow ( karma chameleon ): O mood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao Matt just dropping condoms back in during this convo of kindness 😂😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): Big Tuesday mood: getting a flood of shipping confirmations from my purchases this weekndn
snow ( karma chameleon ): SAME
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): So the last customer I helped before leaving work today asked for a “tai chi latte” they was a chai tea but I mean same thing, right?
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Yeah totally the same thing 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://media.giphy.com/media/xT5LMxRc4s6ow45z1u/giphy.gif
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They wanted you to waterbend their latte before serving it to them 🌊 💦 lol
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): She said it and I paused before asking for a clarification 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Also Eric WHY DOES THAT EXISIT
Halim (Greg) (jake): god bless the simpsons
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): They’ve predicted everything
Georgia (Something Sensible): RAE, ONE OF THE ONLY OTHER FEMALE PHYSICS MAJORS AT RUTGERS, IS WEARING THE FRANKENFLANNEL
Georgia (Something Sensible): I walked into class and nearly spat
Matt (mattmyers25): Apparently the creator of spongebob died
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol just walk up to her and be like I need to introduce you to your people.
Jess (whoozica): YEA I saw that 😦
Matt (mattmyers25): It's a sad day
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://giphy.com/gifs/sad-crying-spongebob-squarepants-TydZAW0DVCbGE
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Lowkey, Spongebob was such a strangely integral part of my childhood and college life so this is v upsetting
Jess (whoozica): yea, seriously though
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I always had a love hate relationship with Spongebob i don't really know why, like I'd go through phases of loving it then disliking it... but recently I enjoy it and oof yea that's sad he passed. Cause I grew up on Spongebob, watching it getting ready for school when little and stuff. It's like ouch right to the childhood part and makes ya wonder what's gonna happen to it now that he is gone 😦
Mark (Mad Doctor): In the hall outside my classroom. 🤔
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): It’s a sign
Georgia (Something Sensible): Literally
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Internet, I present you: Two geniuses.
Georgia (Something Sensible): My college has a 10K dollar embroidery machine, and I’m getting more training on it today
Georgia (Something Sensible): And it’s also free to use _so I’m totally gonna exploit it for cosplay_
Matt (mattmyers25): I'm a Georgia's  favorite place
Jess (whoozica): What say you now <@245270932602486784>  <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Jess (whoozica): I wanna try it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Does it taste like ashes?
Jess (whoozica): Escuse u
Matt (mattmyers25): Shots fired
Mark (Mad Doctor): As you kids day: oof
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m not into autocannibalism lmao
