meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I did Blake once upon a time 😂
Erik (slendergiant): Keyword being "once"
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): idk man she wore a blake wig today
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Twice* thank you very much Erik 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I used Alicia’s Blake wig for Aizawa today, it worked surprisingly well
Erik (slendergiant): It looked really good 👌
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Thank you! I really like being her but after fucking up 3 wigs I gave up 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): It was weird seeing myself with facial hair idk how I felt about it
Jess (whoozica): u were a pretty man
Erik (slendergiant): You both pulled it off surprisingly well lol
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): u make a good man
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Lol thank guys, that’s a sentence I never expected someone to say to me 😂
Mak (hollyjollymak): You did really well with crossplay!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Spanks babe 💕
Mak (hollyjollymak): Np!!! 💗
ZombieHunter: where.........
ZombieHunter: am i allowed to photo dump.........
ZombieHunter: actually. how do you guys not have a photo channel....
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We usually put photos into announcement or cons.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Too many channels isn’t a great thing.
ZombieHunter: i like organization >.>
ZombieHunter: i also just have
ZombieHunter: too many thing to drop ish
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): As do I. It can be over done. 50 channels used once a week is excessive. There should be a need for a channel.
Marisa (Weeb): PHOTO CHANNEL
ZombieHunter: <@!386874959009415170>
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): question
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): can shigaraki wear gloves
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): or would his quirk destroy them
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): is this boy doomed to always have cold hands
Marisa (Weeb): i was looking at a picture and super admiring this person's armor craftsmanship and then clicked to view the whole image and it was a video game screenshot <:rip:378273525804433408>
Marisa (Weeb): not even a good video game with hd graphics it like was like smash melee
Georgia (Something Sensible): hearing other people comprehend other languages is so rad
Georgia (Something Sensible): my suitemates are watching a movie in straight hindi, no subtitles, and i think thats rad
Jess (whoozica): YEA that's sweet
Marisa (Weeb): physics is like another language
Georgia (Something Sensible): like as much as i hate sarah, hearing her talk to her mom on the phone in chinese sounds so cool
Georgia (Something Sensible): and kiera is TOO good at spanish for a greek person
Georgia (Something Sensible): and im just here like... i can kinda french sorta
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Is.. her last name Lou?
Jess (whoozica): I can.... Nothing
Georgia (Something Sensible): nah its Liang
Georgia (Something Sensible): ok so between 6 suitemates we can speak 8 languages conversationally besides english
Georgia (Something Sensible): wowee
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Damn so there's another Chinese Sarah who goes to rutgers with the last name of Lou but the reason I even looked it up was I personally went to school with a Chinese Sarah with the last name of Lou and now I'm just confusing myself
Tom (tomukuncosplay): But she was nice
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats how you know shes not my roomie
Georgia (Something Sensible): who has, btw, been gone for the 4th night now
Georgia (Something Sensible): im in heaven
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A blessed evening
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Another night of peace lol
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Amazing 👌
Georgia (Something Sensible): like monday night and tuesday night she wasnt here cause midterms
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i was like ok
Georgia (Something Sensible): last night i thought she would be back but she WASNT so i was like praise
Georgia (Something Sensible): and now tonight shes just gone for no reason
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Maybe she's never gonna come back~~
Marisa (Weeb): there's someone on twitter describing how they want an anime character's hair to be in great detail (like, how it feels and the smell) and i can't tell if they're being perverted or analyzing the hair for cosplay. 👀
Marisa (Weeb): LIVE ACTION ALADDIN TEASER TRAILER WOO
Mark (Mad Doctor): One of my students stopped in my room at lunch and announced he wants to get into cosplay. His first project: Magnhild.  <@229713389511901185> , I told him to check out your Instagram and learn from your suffering
Jess (whoozica): If he ends up going through with it, 2story props has a write up on their blog, and also a wealth of pictures on their Flickr!
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'll send him the info. Thanks.
Jess (whoozica): Ye no prob!
Erik (slendergiant): This ad keeps popping up on my feed and it's taking a lot not to buy one
Jess (whoozica): They have targetted you well
Erik (slendergiant): I even picked out which one I'd get 😫
you want fucking rwby chibi?: "too many channels isnt a great thing" but organization is nice. and it can be done in less than '50 channels' js
also just wondering but have we Ever had use for the voice channel/s or do those just exist
Erik (slendergiant): https://store.roosterteeth.com/collections/coop-vault
ZombieHunter: I WAnt the bandanas and god damnit they're not there
