Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hey frens I downloaded the Webtoons App to keep up with Lore Olympus but I was wondering if there are other webcomics you would recommend?
Marisa (Mawisa): Yes. Yes there are so many. 
What type of stories do you like.
Marisa (Mawisa): And do you care about art quality
Marisa (Mawisa): Which is more important art or story <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): The most popular comics on the site are its romance series. Some webtoons are very cartoony and don’t follow a weekly plot, while others are long drawn-out sagas. 

My all time favorite is currently Hooky, for both story and art, but I’m reading nearly every currently updating featured comic and I’ve read a bunch of the completed ones and a few series from discover and I’m about to go on a tangent so bye
Marisa (Mawisa): someone get in here and chat webtoons with me you cowards
that was mean you aren't cowards sorry
you nerds
Jamie (Jamie): I high key recomend some snaillord work which ongoing is "freaking romance" but look up "snailology" its good. And unfinished is "nightmare factory"
Marisa (Mawisa): their stuff is really pretty, especially freaking romance. i like how you can see how far their art has changed since the beginning of snailology
Jamie (Jamie): Oh my god yea exactly and watching mlords stories on insta is sometimes the best thing lol
Jamie (Jamie): But more titles I keep up with: odd girl out, No Way, Boo! Its sex, My giant nerd boyfriend, rise from ashes, true beauty, Lets play, mage and demon queen, miracle simulator, metaphorical HER, the way to yoyr heart.
Jamie (Jamie): Oh and of course boyfriend of the dead i never miss an episode of
Marisa (Mawisa): im a bit behind on rise from ashes. i like the new developments in lets play, and mage and demon queen is so good but updates are so suspenseful
Marisa (Mawisa): the last boyfriend of the dead update was genius
Mark (Mad Doctor): My current fave is grrl power. Fun take on the nerd-gets-superpowers arc. Lots of exploration of tropes with a fantastic main character
Jamie (Jamie): Yea i have so many i am beyond behind in reading like my dear cold blooded prince and Lookism.
Jamie (Jamie): And I love yoo
Marisa (Mawisa): super secret just ended and i am very distraught over it
but love advice from the great duke is funny and just started. a lot of new series just started recently.
sub zero recently got featured and it's interested how different it is now
Marisa (Mawisa): I love Yoo is good
Marisa (Mawisa): A Good Day to Be A Dog is cute
Seed is interesting
Unordinary better have a big development soon I am on the edge of my seat waiting
Jamie (Jamie): Ah shit it did? I need to go finish it then (super secret)
Marisa (Mawisa): Age Matters too. that's going in a different story than the discover section
YEAH the epilogue came out today I'm destroyed
Jamie (Jamie): Speaking of finished stories, "asleep beside you" is a great thing i loved it
Marisa (Mawisa): one of my favorite finished stories is For The Sake of Sita
Marisa (Mawisa): it's short
Marisa (Mawisa): Ghost Teller also
Marisa (Mawisa): that's a bunch of short stories
Jamie (Jamie): So gun fact I was posting my own comic at one point then relaunched it and havent posted past tge first episode and a malicious side of me is amuse due to some comme ts under the forst episode
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Mawisa): WHATS UR COMIC
Jamie (Jamie): Lmao look up "time chronicles" artist name liz gold
Jamie (Jamie): Literally have posted title page and first episode and haven't been able to have time to work on the pages since
Marisa (Mawisa): 9.18/10 rating ur a genius
what program did you use to make it?
Marisa (Mawisa): i've been wanting to publish but am scared
Jamie (Jamie): Wait what lol and I used autodesk sketchbook. Still do but now i have access to adobe suite as part of my christmas gifta and new wacom
Jamie (Jamie): Just do it
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Mawisa): i have so many art programs i keep flipping between aaa
i don't know which story to work on first
Jamie (Jamie): I mean i know that feeling, i have three plots i want to make currently but no time for any of it and new plots constantly flow into my mind it kills me
Jamie (Jamie): Including one titled "my boyfriend is a god?!" But no time man no time
Marisa (Mawisa): OwO
Jamie (Jamie): Also now getting used to a tablet that is actually synced to screen and I keep making ovals instead of circles ugh
Marisa (Mawisa): ive subscribed to ur comic can't wait for the update
Jamie (Jamie): Oh god xD
Jamie (Jamie): You sit in purgatory with the rest of em 😂😂😂
Marisa (Mawisa): i can only draw magical girls
Marisa (Mawisa): i published a magical girl short in a physical magazine once and was too scared to ever look at the finished product whoops
Marisa (Mawisa): but i got clip paint studio on black friday so i should do something with that
Marisa (Mawisa): OH YEAH i was supposed to finish a drawing of my classmate as a magical girl. i should finish that.
Marisa (Mawisa): oh no where is your patreon
Jamie (Jamie): Lol covered in dust prolly removed for inactivity? Like it was fall 2017 last I did things with my comics in any form
Jamie (Jamie): I think I'll eventually be faced with decision of make cosplay or make comics and it was tear me apart
Jamie (Jamie): Ultimate goal is make income from comics never work in public again
Marisa (Mawisa): i do recommend clip studio if you go back. it makes coloring so much easier, you don't need to make sure all the lines are 100% closed for the paint bucket to work
Marisa (Mawisa): pls go back ur fans are waiting
Marisa (Mawisa): we need updates
Jamie (Jamie): I don't use the bucket and I passed up use of illustrator to get my Autodesk program back so I know my program at this point xD
Jamie (Jamie): And did you tell me to not cosplay again 😯 how dare lmao
Marisa (Mawisa): NO DO BOTH
Marisa (Mawisa): DRAW IN COSPLAY
Marisa (Mawisa): u don't use bucket u poor soul. hand coloring. such dedication
Marisa (Mawisa): 10 minutes to throw on color, not so bad.  the pen pressure determines how much colors blend which is really nice but also i am very unused to it
Jamie (Jamie): Its something i might play with but I have such a sketchy style it always runs out of the lines lol
Jamie (Jamie): And the trick is sewing and drawing time haha
Jamie (Jamie): Also blah work today is slooow
Marisa (Mawisa): Use slow work
Make comic
Jamie (Jamie): Lol honestly im hoping in the next month or so i can post again cause that story is a child born from a 2 year long rp back i. High school
ZombieHunter: ~~Someone hang out with me today~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): My eye doctor just told me that I had slight astigmatism this whole time, but not bad enough to have a toric lens
Georgia (Something Sensible): Astigmatism friends, do you remember making the switch from standard lenses to toric? Or did they just put you on them? I feel like the eye peoples should have told me I have slight astigmatism before this .-.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Mine was just toric
Jess (whoozica): hmmm 🤔  the first time i tried contacts i think i had regular lenses, (age 15) i ended up not using them cuz people said i looked weird with them and didnt try them again until i was maybe 20? since then I've had astigmatism lenses so i guess it just got worse
Jess (whoozica): i never really thought about it before though
Jess (whoozica): astigmatism lenes cost more so they prob just figured if you could get by on regular to go with that, i can use non astigmatism lenses when i need too but im not supposed to drive or anything in them
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye the difference between my vision with contacts and glasses is “negligible” so they said it’s better to stay in the regular contacts
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’d be paying a lot more for toric lenses to make up for a very small small difference
Erik (Red Riot Thot): if you haven't had any issues with the regular contacts it shouldn't be too much of a problem
Erik (Red Riot Thot): also finding colored torics is a pain
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I just told them my vision varied between glasses and contacts and they were like oh lol ye ur eyes shaped like a football
Jess (whoozica): yea just stick with those, they;ll let you know if you need to use torics eventually
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I was wondering why I hadn’t had problems with my cosplay lenses! My astigmatism is just that slight
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thank u fellow football-eyed friends
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I can definitely feel a difference between the two because my cosplay ones take a bit of blinking and crying before they adjust 😅
Erik (Red Riot Thot): also, does anyone notice a difference in thickness/flexibility between normal lenses and the colored ones? I feel like my cosplay ones are very flimsy and sometimes flop down in half when trying to put them in
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh I use daily disposable standard contact lenses
Georgia (Something Sensible): They’re so much more flimsy than the colored ones
Georgia (Something Sensible): The colored ones are more thicc to me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh I have the month-long ones for my standard contacts... maybe that's why?
Jess (whoozica): i usually use Acuvue Oasis for Astgimatism (2 week)
Jess (whoozica): some of my cosplay lenses are thinner then them some are not. i fint plano colored ones to be super thin tho
Erik (Red Riot Thot): If Togata Mirio got a tattoo and then used his quirk, would the tattoo just fall to the ground as dried ink particles?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg... 😂
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Haha.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's uh... that's a good question 🤔
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like I'm genuinely curious what would happen
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That question will be answered. Sort of.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I mean, I know how his quirk works and how certain things are able to permeate with him... I'm just curious what physically would happen to the ink
