Jamie (Jamie): Out having drinks and food with coworkers boss man paying woot
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): The good side of adulthood and working haha
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ayyy boss man took some of us out too!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And then said "I hope you guys had a good year because nothing's changing for next year"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Internally I was like *"Great!" 🙃*
Jess (whoozica): at least hes honest? XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I got taken out too!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *wait shit not like that*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): to lunch or with a gun?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔 Ya'll think wrapping paper storage containers would work to hold props...?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I mean obvs like big ass props wouldn't fit like my Rey staff but maybe like smaller ones like Raven sword and similar pieces?~~
Jamie (Jamie): Um maybe?
Jamie (Jamie): And we going to a winery now that we actually print shirts for. Going home with a bottle for sure. And at this time I dont mind still being at this job still lol
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): The plastic containers or the soft containers?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Plastic ones
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Yeah I don’t see why it wouldn’t work!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I guess I could always give it a shot and if not return them XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm tired of my swords falling all over in my closet D:
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): If it’s just for storage they should def work!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Oof Michaels is pricey on them. Joanns has them on sale though, guess I found a use for my giftcard!
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): <@245270932602486784>
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s heavennbn
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Amazon must have some deal with Sunoco cause literally all of the Amazon lockers are at those places. No where else. xD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Mine's at a Speedway
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔 Interesting. I have been fooled then lol. From what I saw like all the ones near me are at Sunocos lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Also do you know if they are pretty safe? Like none of your stuff has been stolen from your usage of them so far?~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): There's one at the 7-11 up the street from me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): You can't get into the lockers without the code that's emailed to you upon delivery so no I have not
Mark (Mad Doctor): Used them three times. No problems
Erik (Red Riot Thot): You key in your choice or scan the barcode and it pops open automatically
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cool beans! 😄 
~~Normally would ship just to my house but I want to buy my Ikuno wig and tired of hearing mom bitch over my packages. Sooo~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): You're stuff will not be in a locker with anyone else's stuff if that's what you're concerned about
Jess (whoozica): lmao my entire county has 1 locker location XD of course its the same town our own starbucks is in too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌 Awesome. Thanks for the info~
