Erik (Red Riot Thot): So every year, one of my best internet friends and I send each other Christmas gifts and usually I buy something off etsy that's Harry Potter or Doctor Who related since we both love them. This year I decided to make her present
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I have begun the hell that is no-sew blanket-making
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): dawww cute
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So, RIP me for the next few days
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh that's cool!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I wanted to get her something Ravenclaw (her house) but all the blankets on Etsy are like, $100-200ish so I decided I'd just make one instead 😅
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof yea that's a lot of money 😮 the no sew blanket is a cute idea though! Having something made by a friend is always the best 🤗
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Getting the hang of it and I'm halfway done 😅
Erik (Red Riot Thot): How is the onesie the same price as the hoodies?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But also, that JNR shirt... <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~RIP Pyrrha 5eva~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~RT needs to stop releasing new RWBY merch, imma go broke D:~~
Jess (whoozica): Ooo the JNR shirt is nice tho I was looking at it earlier
Georgia (Something Sensible): Wow the onesie is too light
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@169297844874903552> That is a MOOOOOOOD
Marisa (Mawisa): daily fun fact
$1700 of the Homestuck Kickstarter was spent on barbecue sauce
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~daily un-fun fact: fans are still salty that the original game makers swindled hussie and ran off with the money~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): <@!386874959009415170> a no sew blanket trick! Measure 4in on one side (or however long your making tassels) measure 4in on the other side, then connect the two with a price of masking tape!! It’ll make the measuring and cutting go 10x faster!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh shit that's so smart
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I only have one edge left to do so I'll definitely try that!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Cut all your tassels and then go back and tie them all. You’ll set a better pace and it’ll go a lot quicker!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): A made a no sew blanket for ONE person in my fam last year and immediately afterwards had orders to do another dozen 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I've been cutting a few at a time and then tying. I was afraid of going too far with cutting and then everything shifting lol
Jess (whoozica): ok <@!386874959009415170>  i have to ask, for the spotifiy top 100 on your story are you manually counting down your list? cuz my my apps dont have numbers next to the songs
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Lol yeah
Jess (whoozica): OK that explains it. cuz i was going to say if you know how to get number plz tell me XD
