Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh good, my copy of combat ready shipped today.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): BITCH, SHE DONE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yooo it looks dope!! 🙌🏻
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YOOOOOO THATS SO COOL
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Total Time: 13 hours 56 minutes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Damn
Jess (whoozica): Beautiful
Rebecca (madameterralupus): New RWBY shirts!!
Highkey want to do a cute Blake shoot in the jersey one~
Jess (whoozica): That's really cute
Jess (whoozica): You should def do that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's super soft too OwO I want to get the other girls now XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://y8ay8a.tumblr.com/post/179810595079/what-if-team-jnr-becomes-team-jnpr-again-when-they
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yikes my brain went straight to "oh that's right the did shove a soul inside penny to give her an aura, maybe they somehow have pyrrhas soul/aura that they shoved into a robot"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But that's 100% not what this person meant
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Rip
Mark (Mad Doctor): While I don't think that will happen, I would love to see that happen just to watch Jaune's head explode
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): 
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Everyone make sure to vote!
Mark (Mad Doctor): 
Jess (whoozica): I hope they have stickers left when we go 😭  ive never gotten one cuz they are always out by the time i can get there
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I didn't get one.
Jess (whoozica): 😭
Mark (Mad Doctor): The polling place in my new neighborhood gave out pretzels and donuts. Nice
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what?! i want pretzels and donuts xD
Jess (whoozica): i have a feeling minds just gonna give out judging looks from old people XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh i got plenty of those
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mine was in a room with only one polling station and like 8 old people glaring at me
Jess (whoozica): thats the best!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): No sticker... they had donuts... but not for voters... much sad... I want a refund
Jess (whoozica): Voted! No stickers, no doghnuts, no judging old people either though!
