Jess (whoozica): I wonder if my work will ever realize that i only update the facebook, linked in and twitter and not the google plus
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~it would imply someone would go on google plus to notice~~
Jess (whoozica): which they never will whoooo
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~none ever will`~
Jess (whoozica): whooooo!
Erik (slendergiant): So Insta added a new feature where you can hide individual stories from people... but it requires that they've seen it already... so like, how is that useful then?
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): ???? Huh
Erik (slendergiant): Oh wait, never mind. It blocks them from all your stories
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That’s interesting o.o
Erik (slendergiant): It just has an option that says "block Story" so I thought that meant individual story but if you click on it, it asks if you want to block them from seeing anything you post *collectively* to your Story
Erik (slendergiant): (Don't worry <@433313354744987648> I didn't actually block you)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol Heather is DENIED
Jess (whoozica): oh yea i have family some members blocked from my story
Erik (slendergiant): it would be nice if you could block individual stories from people... would certainly help finding people for cosplay groups while trying to avoid certain people...
Jess (whoozica): yea i want that option too
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh yeah that that would be
Erik (slendergiant): although I might be fine because I think he said he's doing a lot of other group cosplays and is pretty much booked
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So many groups I wanna do now.
Group cosplay is so much fun. I love doing big groups with friends
Erik (slendergiant): *-gets a call from some sales lady-*
Her: "Hi I was wondering if we could meet tomorrow"
Me: "I'm actually not going to be here tomorrow" (thinking I'm off the hook)
Her: "You're not going to be here tomorrow? Hmm... How about next Friday?"
Me: (Fuck) "Yeah, that should work!"
Jess (whoozica): OOF
Erik (slendergiant): I get really nervous on the phone so my mind goes blank on top of already not being able to hear very well on the phone so I don't even remember what her name was or what company she was with
Jess (whoozica): oh dont worry shell remind you XD
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Groupppp
Georgia (Something Sensible): Rutgers is giving away free space cupcakes???
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That feature has been around for awhile.
Georgia (Something Sensible): But SPACE
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also I took three huehue
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SO PRETTY
