Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): guys meghan won't stop singing lewd bee doo bee doo, where are you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I heard bees
Erik (Red Riot Thot): good
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): SHE JUST SAID "COME WITH SCOOBE-EE, LEWD WITH ME"
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): GUYS HELP
Matt (mattmyers25): Blake is Velma, yang is daphie
Matt (mattmyers25): Taiyang is free, jaune is shaggy and zwei is Scooby
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): ok but lesbehonest Velma x Daphnie is best shi[
Matt (mattmyers25): That's why they are Blake and yang
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): _she;s going to lewd-iffy the entire themesong_
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): _Guys my childhood_
Matt (mattmyers25): Go get Starbucks quick
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I just came out to have a good time and honestly I feel so attacked
Dizzy: http://i.imgur.com/8mZoNq4.jpg
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): !lewd
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *We've got some work to do now* 😏
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Marisa (Weeb): I came to school 8 hours early just so I could wear a costume in public
Marisa (Weeb): I’m excited
Maybe I’ll get some homework done. Maybe.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Junior year of college I dressed as an engineering student
Marisa (Weeb): I like the touch of existential dread. Fitting.
Marisa (Weeb): I’m a nerd
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I bought eye shadow to accentuate the eye bags
Marisa (Weeb): Some dude who walked by just had the biggest Afro ever. I envy him.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What is everyone's fun Halloween plans?
Marisa (Weeb): School <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ewww no fun
Marisa (Weeb): I’m gonna breathe Halloween
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Inhales an entire pumpkin*
Marisa (Weeb): Dab every time you see a spider web
Marisa (Weeb): “This Halloween thing is really confusing, I don’t even know when it is anymore. Did it start last Friday?”
These poor poor people
Jess (whoozica): Work <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Matt (mattmyers25): So my work doesmt allow my to dress up so what could I wear to work but still look professional
Jess (whoozica): No one dresses up at my work, most of the time I just wear cat ears but I think I'm just gonna wear Halloween theme jewelry and call it a day
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's lame. Maybe do Halloween themed colors Matt?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i have a sweatshirt with little wings on the back... thats my  "costume"
Matt (mattmyers25): I was thinking a hoodie. Like my yang hoodie
Matt (mattmyers25): Or dva hoodie
Georgia (Something Sensible): my night class was cancelled for tomorrow so im gonna watch zombieland with the rutgers bois <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Georgia (Something Sensible): and ill wear my Ramona cosplay sans wig tomorrow probably
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was supposed to go to Jamie and Jasons for some hanging out but kinda been in a weird slump since my anxiety attack over the weekend .~. So probs just gonna stay home and watching a Halloweeny movie with my parents.
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Trying to find out how costumed i can be at work tomorrow
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I might actually be allowed to wear Hak technically
Marisa (Weeb): **Hak**
Jess (whoozica): ~~coffee shop au yona~~
Marisa (Weeb): There’s canon art of that
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Picsss
Marisa (Weeb): I can’t find the ones with the dragons, I have it at home though in a book somewhere. Buri also draws stuff like this and she gave me a manuscript of Tao and Kouren at Starbucks
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): Pwecious
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): My stat prof is wearing an inflatable unicorn today and I’m LIVING for it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Question: Do I dress up as Slenderman while handing out candy tonight?
Jess (whoozica): YES
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Yes
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): What kind of question is that??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wish we got trick or treaters at my house. Hate living on a major road.
😦 cause I still wanna do something Halloweeny but don't wanna travel far
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol yes Erik. Donit
Jess (whoozica): YEA me too, we dont get like any cuz we are right off the main rd on a hill and also we dont have alot of decorations to light up the house much
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My road is like the second main road in my area so it's too dangerous to walk on at night. I don't know anyone in my area specific area anymore either to just hop on over to their house and hang with 😦
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We don't get them by me cause my drive way is on like a 40 degree angle.
Jess (whoozica): im prob just gonna work on cosplay tonight XD being an adult on halloween is hard
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ^
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My sewing machine is arriving today so I honestly might just fuck around with that all night
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A mood. Probs what imma do to. Cause idk whomst all near me is handing out candy I can go to 😂
RIP wearing Devil Denki.
Jess (whoozica): you could still put him on for a selfy shoot if u want
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao I might honestly make my parents take some pics of him XD
Jess (whoozica): i think tom and i are supposed to getout bnha school unforms tonight so at least we can try those on XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cause currently I am spending my Hallows Eve with them.
~~I'm such a cool college kid guys. I hang out with my parents like all the time. RIP. Jk I love them and hanging with them but also oof~~
Jess (whoozica): nah thats cool. id hang out with my parents tonight if i still lived at home too
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ye I mean, halloween may be cosplay christmas but like... it's a wednesday night.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol my mom always laughs at me cause I hang with them and their besties a lot. She's like don't you wanna hang with your friends??
Jess (whoozica): arnt all you friends kinda far though? that makes everything harder
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yes... Cause majority of ya'll in Jersey/Near Philly area T___T 
Closest to me are Matt, Erik and Evie lol
Jess (whoozica): but like still a considerable distance tho right?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea. At least 30 mins.
No friends live in my specific town anymore cause I cut them off or they cut me off. But tis for the better~
Jess (whoozica): ye 30 mins is alot for wednesday night drop in XD.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol better than the hour and a half I was gonna do XD
Jess (whoozica): TRU
Jess (whoozica): ~~*nyooms to check amazon order for bnha uniform*s~~
Jess (whoozica): whoop they out for delivery
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Woot! 🙌
Jess (whoozica): pray they fit XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Always the worry lol. Sizes are never the same when it comes to costumes. Its a constant struggle
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔  A history teacher at my high school is the uncle of my current comm professor.... interesting how small the world is
Georgia (Something Sensible): Roll call, whomst is wearing a costume to work or class today
Mark (Mad Doctor): Casual Weeb Tony Stark
Marisa (Weeb): I did and I got a free pillow
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): You can bet your ass I dressed up today!!
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I dressed as an overworked employee
Jess (whoozica): its def halloween i  just had m&ms for breakfast
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Third day wearing Ramona in the past 5 days lmaoooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m not edgy enough for this aesthetic but I’m damn appreciating it tbh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I dressed up asa  energy drained depressed college student.
I also have no work and only one class today so wasn't gonna bother to go through all the effort 🤷🏻‍♀️ lol
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Wooo!
Georgia (Something Sensible): get this: there’s four girls in my E&M class
Georgia (Something Sensible): ALL FOUR dressed up
Georgia (Something Sensible): And none of the guys except Noah did
Jess (whoozica): AW YE
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Sad 😱
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Give you three guesses why Noah did.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@&487091363813392387>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Neat! I'd be getting Starbucks points as well as Amazon points <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jess (whoozica): Do you guys read messages from people in their voice?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Now that you mention it, I read them in my own voice
Georgia (Something Sensible): Weirdddd
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Ok but take a sexond to think
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Is it actually your own voice
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Does it actually sound like you 
Or is it a different voice altogether that is pretty much only in your  brain
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ok, so the thing about Chase cards got me thinking about my own and how I forget that I get Amazon rewards points for my purchases with it. I typically only use it for ordering things online and most of my in-store purchases are on my debit card. I typically prefer using my debit because it just deducts from my account automatically and I don't have to worry about a high(er) credit card bill. I just went through all my debit purchases for the past month and calculated that had I used my credit card for those purchases instead, I would have gotten about $9.85 back in Amazon rewards. So I want to experiment for this coming month using my credit card instead when I purchase in store.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): yup. I started with Amazon rewards. I still use the prime card for amazon purchases but use my sapphire reserve for everything else.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Why not make money on all the things I buy?
Jess (whoozica): using your credit card is great for getting points , if you pay it off in the same month you wont accrue interest so its like free money! just don't spend more than you can pay off at any given time
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ^
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Both of those are the keys.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Just treat your credit card as if it was a debit card; never spend more than you already had.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Assuming you don't make a habit of overdrafting, you'll never notice the difference.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's why I typically use my debit because it automatically deducts from my account and I don't have to worry about a super high bill. Like, if my debit purchases were with my credit card, it would have added like another $1000 onto my bill and anytime my bill is over $1000 I cringe lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It also means my bank account will look higher ~~until I pay of the bill~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yup.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Use Mint.com.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They aggregate your financial accounts, so you can use that to see what your situtation really looks like.
Jess (whoozica): understandable, i get freaked out at high credit card balances too but the free moneys worth the little but more organization it takes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I use Prism to keep track of my accounts
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Personal favorite is the net income trends you can have it generate, which is how I watch to know if I spend too much in a month.
Georgia (Something Sensible): THERES A FRAT GUY IN THE DINING HALL DRESSED AS NARUTO
Georgia (Something Sensible): WHAT A DAY
Georgia (Something Sensible): Someone also asked for my picture so now there’s a picture of me holding pasta dressed as Ramona on a strangers phone
Jess (whoozica): amazing
Georgia (Something Sensible): I found a Goku too
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): 
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): My boss gave me the om
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Ok
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): The physics department actually has this on display.... it’s a 14 year old Twinkie
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That Twinkie lookin' like a *S N A C C* 😏
Jess (whoozica): Omg 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I got my sewing machine and my mom yelled at me because she had another one I could have had (that her mom got her when my parents got married)
Jess (whoozica): Oh nooo! 😭
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Honestly, I'd rather have the newer one
Jess (whoozica): Mmmm true
Georgia (Something Sensible): I find sewing machines tend to be like cars, you can drive any car but you’re most comfortable using your own
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Then my dad goes "Next tine you make a big purchase, ask us because we might have it already" and I was like "It wasn't terribly expensive." "What did you pay, like 300 bucks?" "Uuh, no... 80..."
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Damn day Twinkie. Mmph.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Honestly I thought the Twinkie was like a couple days old
Georgia (Something Sensible): Nah that shit 14 years old
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s older than most human children
ZombieHunter: Casey is bullying me.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Did you deserve it
Mark (Mad Doctor): I left a Twinkie on the windowsill right before I took my junior year abroad. It was still in perfect condition when I returned
