Marisa (Weeb): My professor was mid-lecture in the middle of an explanation when he looked at the clock and said “oh no I have to go” and immediately shut down the computer and left within like 6 seconds
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is your teacher Aizawa?! XD
Marisa (Weeb): <:lenny:456549338026344489> actually...
Marisa (Weeb): ~~no rip~~
Marisa (Weeb): I have pictures of official stuff each character might have with them (it was outside displays of their rooms) and it’s a fun guessing game if people want to try it.
Marisa (Weeb): There’s 9 room items and then 3 gym lockers of all different characters.
Erik (slendergiant): Yes plz
Marisa (Weeb): I don’t wanna spam all the pictures so I’m gonna wash some dishes and then make a collage of them and post it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh yeaa I wanna see it!! 💕
Jess (whoozica): YES
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay so you know that poll thingy? There was the question whether your single or taken and two people voted single...
HAVE THEY SEEN MY INSTAGRAM???????
Erik (slendergiant): My friend answered all of mine incorrectly on purpose to be a dick 😂
Jess (whoozica): NICE
Jess (whoozica): i kinda wanna do it but I feel like all mine are so obvious XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeaaaah some I was like “Wow really?”
But I’m still floored that anyone thinks I’m single...Two people. I hope they were trolling XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Gen: Does a fan sign, with Chris, of them in a couple cosplay, for the two people who thought they weren't a couple
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SHOULD I THO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m hella tempted
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The fact that I put it in green text format means I'm being sarcastic and it's *probably* a bad idea.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Me: CHris grab your Qrow wig we gonna learn them@a thing
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's just a series of frames of you guys doing the winter qrow thing; from the 'stupid bird' to the awkward looks to the first kiss, to the more kissing, to the falling out of view of the camera. 

And in the background of each is a fansign. for each of them. Clearly visible.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Please stop feeding me bad ideas
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I got a tripod for my phone like I can make this happen
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I am good for nothing else.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He’s coming over after work like
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Bill what have you done
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): What I'm always doing.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): We should have a Bill Giving Bad Ideas counter
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Technically it's more like I'm projecting my salty nature for your benefit.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XDDD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Deku uses 10% of his power to punch, I use 15% of my saltiness to channel it to others.
Erik (slendergiant): Bill's quirk is *Salt Manipulation*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): PFFFT
Erik (slendergiant): *Salt For One*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yo what is everyone’s quirk in this group
Erik (slendergiant): *Social AAnxiety*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Salt Projection. The failing point is if I'm ever not salty I can't make salty scenarios.
Jess (whoozica): extreme sense of smell XD
Jess (whoozica): i have like a really sensitive nose so tom and i decided that was my quirk the other day
Marisa (Weeb): Super fast reactions. Nothing would go over my head. I would catch it.
Erik (slendergiant): My quirk is just *Tall*
Marisa (Weeb): Also I’d probably have like 6 ears or some weird mutation
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hershey's chocolate is better than Meiji.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sorry japan.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have no idea what mine woild@be
Marisa (Weeb): I’m making the collage now here’s number one lol
Marisa (Weeb): or i guess number zero
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I LOVE IT
Marisa (Weeb): Here we gooooo

some of these answers will be super obvious if you read japanese haha oops
if people get stuck i can give hints or you can try to talk it out. hints will be stuff like what the items are if it's not obvious, or what they say, or hints from the show that could point to the character.
if you request it i can tell you how many you get right/wrong.
sorry i didn't get a good pic of #1 but it might be obvious whose room it belongs to. also i put a filter over number 12 because the original was harder to see.
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): Tfw out of order. Trying again <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): 
Jess (whoozica): DAMN dis hard
Erik (slendergiant): ip!spoiler 1. Kirishima
2. ???
3. Mineta
4. ???
5. ???
6. Tokoyami
7. Mina
8. ???
9. Midoriya
10. Momo
11. Sato
12. Jiro
13. Aoyama
Erik (slendergiant): I think I got all but four of them
Erik (slendergiant): But I don't want to post the answers and ruin it for others
Marisa (Weeb): there were 3 more lockers but they were shut and remain a mystery
Erik (slendergiant): I tried looking for a spoiler tag thing but it didn't work lol
Erik (slendergiant): ip!spoiler testing
Marisa (Weeb): y'all can coordinate when to post ehehe
or pm it to me
Jess (whoozica): are they all students?:O
Marisa (Weeb): first hint: these are all students from class 1-a
Erik (slendergiant): 4, 5, and 8 are the ones I'm stumped on
Jess (whoozica): 11 and 6 are getting me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i ...dont know any except for mineta
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): RIP
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): No spoiler tags in discord.
Jess (whoozica): i cant tell whats in 11 D:
Jess (whoozica): a bowl and a book?
Marisa (Weeb): it's a locker
Marisa (Weeb): ;3c
Erik (slendergiant): *what kind of bowl?*
Jess (whoozica): mawisa D:
Jess (whoozica): OK <@!301927856240459777>  imma PM you my first round of guesses
Marisa (Weeb): oki! sorry if responses are slow i'm also on the phone whoops
Jess (whoozica): its fine 😃
Jess (whoozica): im either like positive or totally nsure XD
Erik (slendergiant): I'm just missing 4...
Erik (slendergiant): ok I think I got it. I just googled "(character name) noodles" until one came up 😅
Erik (slendergiant): That was fun!
Erik (slendergiant): You should post that on your story and let other people play ~~as long as you're ready to get bombarded with messages~~
Marisa (Weeb): OKI my phone call is done lets rock and roll whos next
Marisa (Weeb): i can give hints if anyone is super stuck
Marisa (Weeb): really shocked that no one's got #8 i thought it'd be a giveaway
Jess (whoozica): ooo i got 8 wrong?
Marisa (Weeb): OwO
Erik (slendergiant): did I get it wrong too?
Marisa (Weeb): WAIT no yeah you got it right on the second try my bad
Marisa (Weeb): i was too distracted to remember rip
Jess (whoozica): ~~erik tell me da secret~~
Erik (slendergiant): I thought it was too obvious for it to be what it was 😅
Erik (slendergiant): that's you're hint <@!351471675843411978>
Jess (whoozica): OO IT GETS BIGGER if i open original;
Marisa (Weeb): YEAH! u can zoom
Jess (whoozica): guys i feel so dumb i dont recognize any of the characters in those pics XD
Marisa (Weeb): *are you sure
not a single one*
Jess (whoozica): o... ok
Erik (slendergiant): I guess she *frogot*
Jess (whoozica): ERIK NO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i really dont know any of these, this is embarassing
Jess (whoozica): i mean anyone ELSE ok 😭
Marisa (Weeb): leanna ganbare
Marisa (Weeb): 🎉
Marisa (Weeb): have you seen bnha?
Marisa (Weeb): or do you go by secondhand info
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO YES I HaVE
Marisa (Weeb): YOU CAN DO THIS!!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fuck
Marisa (Weeb): hmu if you want a hint about any
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ....i need a hint... for like... everything
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): except mineta
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): grape boi is too obvious
Erik (slendergiant): 12 should be a dead giveaway
Marisa (Weeb): should i post the images again because they're far up or is everyone ok
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I DONT EVEN KNOW !@ LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 12
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH those are headphones
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i thought that was a weird noose
Erik (slendergiant): We should do hints in emoji form
Erik (slendergiant): but that might be *too* easy for some of them
Marisa (Weeb): wait i got hints
Marisa (Weeb): coming up
Jess (whoozica): this is fun 😄
Marisa (Weeb): HINTS!
1.) weights, a headband, and a towel
2.) glasses and a supplemental japanese textbook (not one you would use in class - one that you'd buy in a bookstore to get some extra studying done)
3.) :grape:
4.) they really like soba. it's their favorite. very traditionally japanese
5.) someone's attempt at making a hero name
6.) 2 edgy 4 me
7.) cute enough to make you smile. they use this phone in the anime, too.
8.) pictures of their BFF
9.)  wow those are some detailed notes ~~also their name is written right there in japanese kek~~
10.) a very expensive lamp and some hairspray
bonus.) wow so shady
11.)  someone who needs to keep a cake recipe book and cooking supplies with their gym equipment
12.)  bose (the name on the bag) sells audio equipment
13.) disco balls. so sparkly.
Marisa (Weeb): ~~does that help aaa~~
Marisa (Weeb): i recommend starting from the most main characters and working back from there
Marisa (Weeb): Prize incentive
Erik (slendergiant): Another hint for 2: refreshing beverages to share with friends after a good swim
Jess (whoozica): the only reason i knew half of these is cuz i get really excited to read the character profiles on the "commercial break"
Jess (whoozica): friendly reminder that bakugo's birthdays is 4/20
Marisa (Weeb): im reposting the pics because dang they high up
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): rebecca wanted to try it too i think
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Finally home from school soo yea once I throw some laundry on and hop onto comp imma guess lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i need extra hints for 8, 9, 11 😭
Marisa (Weeb): i'll pm em :3c
Erik (slendergiant): **General Hint:** The dorm room episode helps with a lot of these
Jess (whoozica): theres a dorm room episode?!
Jess (whoozica): exciteeee
Marisa (Weeb): ye! it's chapters 100/101 of the manga
Jess (whoozica): hehe
Marisa (Weeb): sounds like y'all need to watch more ovas
Jess (whoozica): i not caught up yet D:
Marisa (Weeb): or read more manga. don't yall recognize best girl
Marisa (Weeb): jess hurry. run.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who IS that
Erik (slendergiant): Wheremst does one watch the OVAs? They're not on Crunchyroll/VRV are they?
Marisa (Weeb): ooo i don't think crunchyroll has the ovas. maybe? this was a season 1 or 2 ova it's been out for a while.
actually it might've been a convention exclusive from several years ago. it's pretty hilarious
it's habuko!!
Marisa (Weeb): putting trailer in spoiler chat
Marisa (Weeb): because #8
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay I have all down but 1. Gonna DM you my answers soon Marisa lol
Marisa (Weeb): yehaw
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hello, I apparently don't talk enough.
