Anna (Cadmium): I just ate 10 oz of blackberries
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yum
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I accidentally bought peanut butter *with honey*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): "Accidentlally" mhm hmm... sure 😏
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I dont like honey
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But it seems fitting
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That sounds like the opposite of a problem
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh
Erik (Red Riot Thot): then yeah I guess that's a problem
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So now I'm going to SUCK IT UP AND EAT IT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Beacause bumbleby is life
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Eat it and think of bees~ how great they are together lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~maybe you'll like it now that bees are canon~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sudden change of taste buds
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thanks roosterteeth
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): @everyone lunar eclipse starts now
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): your late.
Georgia (Something Sensible): 11:45 is the height of it my dude
Georgia (Something Sensible): the biggest and reddest of bois
Anna (Cadmium): Is c
Anna (Cadmium): Is too cloudy. Cannot locate moon
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): small almost completely red boi seen. Is cold. Is smol.
Anna (Cadmium): Nevermind. I have locate moon. Is beautiful
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 12:12am from what I read
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's not super red here yet
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, I think that more accurate. It's about half red.
Anna (Cadmium): Is pretty I am. Lighting incense. And going to sleep.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's reddish
Anna (Cadmium): Im seeing like 3/4 red
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye 3/4 here
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Its 3/4 here it has a black ring the shadow
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Just watching ita beautiful
Georgia (Something Sensible): This is what I’m wearing I was not smart
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): But you ready for space
Georgia (Something Sensible): Noah’s roomies are awooo-ing at the moon
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Got them Nasa pants though sooo lol
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): 
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I'm in blankets and scarves
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao Heather a ghost
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Haha I need a telescope Dx
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Lol
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Less cold ghost
Georgia (Something Sensible): I have slides, space pants, and Noah’s jacket
Georgia (Something Sensible): _but the satanic moon_
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): The stupid clouds are gettin in the way
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I love how bright the stars are
Georgia (Something Sensible): anyone get good pics?
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause im totally not lol
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Nope lol I tried but phone doesn't capture its brilliance
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm getting... pictures
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Not great
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But a reddish orb
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Lunar photography a bitch.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Orb 🔴
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Not bright enough to focus properly anymore
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Watching the live stream of the eclipse and listening to the astrophysicist explaining everything is reminding me how cool space is so <@245270932602486784> you picked a cool field of work
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thank I really think so too
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The power of abusing the hashtags: my newest post is starting to bring in likes and only like, two of them are people that actually follow me 👌
Jess (whoozica): Yea gotta abuse those hashtags
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): > presses post
> legitimately 5 seconds later new follower
> they comment
> in Russian
> *oh you’re a bot okay that explains that.
Anna (Cadmium): someone convince me not to buy all these incredibly cute mushroom shirts from etsy
Anna (Cadmium): someone convince me i dont need all the clothes this store sells https://www.etsy.com/shop/AmberJuneCrossArt?ref=l2-shopheader-name
Marisa (Mawisa): Bold of you to asshroom we’d convince you not to buy them
Anna (Cadmium): u right
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ass shrooms?
Marisa (Mawisa): assume but it’s a mushroom pun haha get it
Marisa (Mawisa): haha
Marisa (Mawisa): get it
Marisa (Mawisa): haha
Anna (Cadmium): *not in your butt*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Fun fact, not all birds fly south for the winter.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There still a bunch around the feeder I put up.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I haven't been maintaining very well and now the ports have frozen seed in them.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I feel bad.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I filled the small one and brought the big one in to warm up tho.
Jess (whoozica): yea lots of birds dont migrate! in the winter you can get suet for birds, which makes them gain a lil weight and keep warmer
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): off suet gets squirrels though.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We have seagulls that migrate to my area and I'm always like... it's still cold here birdies.. what ya doing?! XD
Jess (whoozica): so does seed tho
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I got fancy bird feeders that block the ports for heavy animals.
Jess (whoozica): 🤷
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfHu-UJaK0Q
Erik (Red Riot Thot): problem solved
Anna (Cadmium): i appreciate the music
Georgia (Something Sensible): I had SUCH a weird dream this morning
Anna (Cadmium): im waiting for my scheduling meeting. pls tell
Georgia (Something Sensible): I dreamed that this guy got super obsessed with all the girls in BNE, and we all politely turned him down. And apparently he was a rich guy so he threw this huge gala, and hired actors to make fun of us
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol umm... O.o
Georgia (Something Sensible): So like the one making fun of me was a fire breather that was half naked and she was the “bitch whore”
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is this.... the scene from thor ragnarok
Anna (Cadmium): whats sad is the first half of that is realistic. 
this definitely stemmed from the adam talk.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Honestly it’s possible
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You right...
Georgia (Something Sensible): And like we actually showed up to the party that he invited us to
Georgia (Something Sensible): And we were like “wow he’s butthurt”
Georgia (Something Sensible): And then I woke up lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He will forever be butthurt lol
Anna (Cadmium): thats def weird
Georgia (Something Sensible): IT WAS SO WEIRD
Georgia (Something Sensible): I woke up like “do you ever get so spurned that you hire actors to make fun of the girls that rejected you”
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): adam would do that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I wouldnt put it past some people~~
Marisa (Mawisa): The Ember Island Players episode of BNE
Georgia (Something Sensible): Separate dream before that tho, I dreamed I went to spidermancon and it was gr9
Anna (Cadmium): someone explain why i decided to buy RTX tickets
Anna (Cadmium): like. when did this go thru my head this was a good idea
Anna (Cadmium): i mean its a great idea but still
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hunter told you to go.
Anna (Cadmium): im looking at flights and the cheapest one is at 6AM
Georgia (Something Sensible): Lmaoooo yeah
Georgia (Something Sensible): Flying Newark?
Georgia (Something Sensible): The selection is pretty shit
Anna (Cadmium): lol no JFK but like. $60 for a checked bag WHY
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): flying is a cash cow industyr.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Southwestern is what I flew last year
Georgia (Something Sensible): 300 bucks, direct flight, two free checked bags
Georgia (Something Sensible): Worth a shot if you’re looking
Matt (mattmyers25): Look at JetBlue or frontier as well
Marisa (Mawisa): Hey were you guys all aware that Tupac is dead and has been since the 90s
Marisa (Mawisa): ✅ react if yes and ❎ react if no please this is important
Marisa (Mawisa): I can not believe you all hid this from me
Marisa (Mawisa): I had to find out through a Netflix documentary smh
Anna (Cadmium): hmmmmm there appear to be no southwest flights
there however is jetblue up the wazoo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GUYS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GUYS HSDKAFHSLFA ARRYN LIKED MY POST ABOUT POTENTIALLY MAKING HER BLAKES PJ ROBE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if i actually get to do that i'll fucking cry
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌 🙌
Georgia (Something Sensible): move in was yesterday and none my roomies have shown
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Place all for your self <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEAH
Georgia (Something Sensible): ive cranked my amp up louder than i wouldve if people were here
Georgia (Something Sensible): im a rebel
Anna (Cadmium): yas shred it girl
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i hope your bad roommate problems sort themselves out soon tho like. i had a crazy vegan roommate but she was one of my sisters too so it was bad~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh yeah if sarah comes back
Georgia (Something Sensible): you know im cranking this amp up all the way
Anna (Cadmium): lmk if you want me to send u stuff that. makes it look like u tryna summon the devil
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Blast her out of the room with the sound of musiiiicccc~
Georgia (Something Sensible): imma go present mic on her ass
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Good
Anna (Cadmium): ~~yes~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): my amp is pretty loud too, its on 3 out of 11 and i feel like that could still annoy people
Anna (Cadmium): wait\
Anna (Cadmium): your amp
Anna (Cadmium): *goes to 11*
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mean the first tic mark is probably 0 but theres 11 tic marks
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://giphy.com/gifs/LJ8aM1wbV9Gko
Anna (Cadmium): *thank you erik for making me not feel crazy*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's a weird, not even number....
https://giphy.com/gifs/disgusts-de6WGh99vDDW
Georgia (Something Sensible): The gain makes it louder too
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): _if I crank both up all the way that’s what a heart attack probably feels like_
Erik (Red Riot Thot): fun fact, a lot of amps these days go past 10 lol
Anna (Cadmium): pls use protection
Anna (Cadmium): on the ears
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ofc
Georgia (Something Sensible): I did Volume and gain up all the way and it shook my house at home LOL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): im no good at guitar yet but it still really fun learning
Georgia (Something Sensible): all 4 people ive dated/dating are musician types so
Mark (Mad Doctor): Life imitating art imitating Spinal Tap
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i have finally garnered the opposite perspective_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I tried learning guitar once but it felt so awkwardly huge in my hands so I was like uhh how do hold properly. XD Kinda gave up after that aside from just fucking around with it whilst another played/held lmao. I haveeee always and still do kinda wanna learn drums lol.
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof i thought guitars were huge but then i held noahs bass and i was like NOPE NOPE NOPE
Anna (Cadmium): <@!169297844874903552>  Ill have my boyfrien teach you
Anna (Cadmium): he plays drums but it hurts my wrists so i cant do it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Idk if my ex just always gave me the bigger guitars of his but I was always like oof these seem huge and awkward to hold XD 
And lmao aayyy~ I probs could have learned either or both form my ex cause he was willing to teach me but I always got shy about learning and fucking up in front of him for some odd reason sooo :X
Jess (whoozica): What a mood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've jsut decided though learning a musical instrument will just be a dream/wish thats not gonna happen. Oh well
Georgia (Something Sensible): NAH GURL DONT GIVE UP THE DREAM 👏
Georgia (Something Sensible): i wanted to have a musical presence in my life but nothing really stuck, after noah pushed me to the right thing i really got into it
Georgia (Something Sensible): I WILL PUSH YOU REBECCA
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sensei Georgia~ XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): i 👏 will 👏 be 👏 your 👏 noah
Georgia (Something Sensible): 😂
Jess (whoozica): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol please be my Noah cause the one I know personally ~~not yours~~ I dont want deal with XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye dont give up on the musics
Georgia (Something Sensible): maybe ukulele is for you
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Dont give up music!
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats a smol isntrument that has a lot of internet resources
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol maybe? XD Never really had interest in them though
Georgia (Something Sensible): _the guitar center me has a bajolele_
Anna (Cadmium): ukelele or learn the ocarina
Anna (Cadmium): ~~ok but i actually wanted to learn to play banjo~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wind instruments would kill me XD
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Rebecca I greatly suggest using the ukulele as an easy starter
Anna (Cadmium): ~~and accordion~~
Jess (whoozica): I have a begginers drumset at my parents but I never learned
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I shall look into it Hal~ 🤔
Anna (Cadmium): i have a fucking accordion and cant play it
Jess (whoozica): I used to play clarinet a million years ago
Erik (Red Riot Thot): same Jess!
Georgia (Something Sensible): i played flute in middle school
Georgia (Something Sensible): i was in the elite band but flute isnt for me lol
Jess (whoozica): In middle school a guy I had a crush on was like "hey you have a drumset right?, Wanna join my band?" And I was like stupid and said yes but it fell apart really quick cuz he moved to North Carolina
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Aww. But now ya got Tom <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jess (whoozica): Good thing he never figured out I'm Terri
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i cant sing, but i love to sing, does that count? xD~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): YE
Georgia (Something Sensible): BNE family band
Georgia (Something Sensible): who plays what
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A mood Leanna XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i tried to teach myself ukulele once, and piano
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): did better on piano, not so great with uke
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cant do either now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was pretty good at the keyboard for like a few months cause I had a music class in high school. But I didnt keep pursuing it soo forget everythign now XD
Jess (whoozica): My ex played this thing called the concertina?
Mark (Mad Doctor): They gave us recorders in fourth grade to see which kids had musical talent. I was kindly asked if I wanted extra library time after two sessions
Jess (whoozica): That thing was cray. Neat tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh my god i remember recorders
Mark (Mad Doctor): Was your ex a pirate?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg recorders.. dear godddd
Marisa (Mawisa): we can get together and play hot cross buns
Mark (Mad Doctor): Truggered
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Rebecca if ya ever wanna work on keyboard or piano I got you!
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I love the piano and it's one of the best instruments to learn as a basis for any other instrument (except drums)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Coolio! 😮 👌
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Maybe so lol. I feel I dont have a musical bone in my body so will I ever truly pursue an intrument... probs not buuuttt time will tell XD
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I'm actually aiming to buy myself a transportable one for cons
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): piano?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats so extra
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i love it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A transportable piano?? 😮 Neato!
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I want a transportable keyboard for regular use, and then a like 40 key baby grand piano for cosplay use
Marisa (Mawisa): katsucon is popular for people bringing keyboards
Marisa (Mawisa): at least 3 keyboards per katsu
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.amazon.com/Andoer-Portable-Silicone-Flexible-Hand-rolling/dp/B00Y2FW82W
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@!288513265661902858>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Y E S
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: 
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Something like this for cosplay
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Tamaki cosplay when?~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://c1.staticflickr.com/4/3197/2724339860_f4c568b707.jpg
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Girl you have no idea 
I wanna cosplay all my blond piano bois
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hal's next cosplay
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Yep
Marisa (Mawisa): do you think they'd remake the ouran anime like they're doing with fruits basket even though they already remade it as a live action
because i heard sakura kiss play at an anime event in japan and in the US less than a week apart and in both venues girls screamed their heads off and slid onto the floor in a sakura kiss frenzy
Marisa (Mawisa): im betting we get ouran news in the next decade.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~My eyes fucked up for a minute and I read the first half of that as "im getting wet"~~ <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Mark (Mad Doctor): I saw that Schroeder and immediately thought "the RWBY gang doing the dance from the Charlie Brown Christmas special"
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg that would be precious
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww
Marisa (Mawisa): you know what else would be precious to cosplay that as
and what webcomic that's canon in <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): somewhat canon. a little. my memory has blurred it.
Georgia (Something Sensible): hears door open, roommates arriving, turns amp down
Georgia (Something Sensible): realizes it might be sarah, turns amp higher
Georgia (Something Sensible): realizes its NOT sarah, and proceeds to lower to acceptable levels again
Jess (whoozica): the roof at work has been popping all day from the cold, icicles keep falling off and hitting the lower roof right by my window and scaring the shit outa me too
Marisa (Mawisa): that's nature's way of checkin' in on you to make sure you're FOCUSED
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~who was too lazy to go get her Ray fabric from downstairs~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~anyone else super unfocused at work today?~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not me for once. I haven’t DONE anything, but cranking through mindless onboarding shit.
Jess (whoozica): I mean, i was able to complete something today which is better than most days ~~even if it wont get used cuz my boss is switching my direction again~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): All I did was do one labor estimate and make some modifications to the one thing my bossed want me to model for 3D printing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I discovered that I can add debossed writing on the side of a part
Jess (whoozica): oo neat!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): if we can use these it means we wouldn't have to add a connector label which would save like... a whole few seconds of time
Marisa (Mawisa): o is tonight the new steven universe episode? :0
Marisa (Mawisa): YE BOI
Anna (Cadmium): <@!245270932602486784>  found something you need
Georgia (Something Sensible): Y E S
Jamie (Jamie): NEW STEVEN TONIGHT WHAT YES ~~has to wait for app i use to dl it still anyway~~
Anna (Cadmium): Also I need to name my sewing machine. He's tuned up and needs a name cause he's officially mine
