Georgia (Something Sensible): The school D&D groups like to meet in the student center at nights
Georgia (Something Sensible): So I’m getting food for dinner and  I see the groups with their books and papers
Georgia (Something Sensible): I gotta say, D&D has got to be the most inclusive thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): I see all races, genders, styles, and majors playing together
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *finding a consistent group of players is a bitch so*
Mark (Mad Doctor): A far cry from when I first started playing. It used to be a bastion of straight white virgin boys. My group was unusual in that two girls were part of our core. Glad to see it's changing. My student groups are a lot more like what you describe
Anna (blonde and sad): bruh i just re-found my old roommate on tumblr/instagram and her art is just as beautiful as i remember
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!288513265661902858> <@!327835140216586242> weird question do all the sugar free syrups at Starbucks have black pumps?
Jamie (Jamie): This store always tempting me way to much and these are actually pretty cute ~~but Holy crow 85 bucks~~
Anna (blonde and sad): OOOF that's a lot.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: nah its not that specific
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: different stores use the pumps for different stuff
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: like our black pumps are on our foam syrups
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: (cascara, cinnamon lemon, and 1 vanilla)
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: the only real essential difference between pumps is the half pump and the full pump
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rip. I worry the NYC store doesn't hear me right when I say sugar free so I wanted to like, watch the pump to be sure.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The music is wAAAYYY too loud in that store.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Ok sound off real quick I need songs that make you think of arkos
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀 Oh shit I got a bunch of songs. Lemme see if I can find some of them quick
Matt (mattmyers25): The one that got away comes to mind
Matt (mattmyers25): I need to research more
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i want it that way by the backstreet boys
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao Leanna wat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im not even kidding
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Im dying omg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): have you HEARD those lyrics
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): that’s amazing Leanna 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats some pyrrha bullshit right there
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sdhjfgalsj
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "Am I your fire?
Your one desire
Yes I know it's too late
But I want it that way" -Jaune, probably
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Ok I got it
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Shut up and dance by walk the moon
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You belong with me by Taylor Swift is one that makes me think of them 🤔 ~~Like dammit Jaune pay attention to me not Weiss!~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Jaune is a big dumb but we love him anyway
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): let jaune use the team brain cell, JUST ONCE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "mom said its my turn with the brain cell!"
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): PFFFFFFFT 🤣😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Nora: *"JUST FIVE MORE MINUTES!"*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wink Wonkkk here's my main songs I think work for Arkos (Minus actual ones from soundtrack obvs lol)
Love of my life - queen
Love someone - Lukas Graham
Into you - Ariana Grande?
You belong wth me - Taylor Swift 
Crush - Tessa Violet
I see you - Luke Bryan
Like I'm gonna lose you - Meghan Trainor
Crash and Burn - Lighthouse 
Wish you were here - Avril Lavigne
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "nora, what do you have?!"
"the BRAIN CELL"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Bless
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Leanna I’m LIVING for these
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I used to make ship playlists so like... i constantly associate songs with ships. Oops lol~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'm here to deliver *the goods™*
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I blindly listen to music and never pay attention to song titles or artist names so whenever I need a song for anything I’m just like… FUCK. Ya know that one… with the words …and the beat?????
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): MOOD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't listen to the lyrics at all, I treat them like another instrument.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh mood <@!327835140216586242>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮
Erik (Red Riot Thot): meanwhile everyone's jamming to the song and I'm like *I've heard this song 100 times but have no idea what the lyrics are*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I focus on the music rather than lyrics
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i am the opposite, i only listen to lyrics
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Leanna's on ym page yeet.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): usually picking apart individual instruments
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like I enjoy the instrumentals and stuff but lol idk enough about instruments to know too much on different things of it. lol
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I listen to lyrics but if I can’t remember them/ can’t understand them I just make up my own. Next thing I know I’m describing someone a song with lyrics that make NO SENSE 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh fuck thats a mood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol Yeee I do that often too.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Is this team jnr?
Anna (blonde and sad): Is that me Leanna and Jess
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: No wonder jaunes the strategist, hes not good at anything so they let him have the main braincell out of pity
Anna (blonde and sad): Oh that's valid
Anna (blonde and sad): Ren doesn't have enough brainpower to talk
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Also <@327835140216586242> extraordinary girl green day
