Erik (Red Riot Thot): So in the Catholic calendar, today is the Feast of St. Joseph and every year we have a big parish potluck dinner. My priest bestowed on me the remainder of one of the gallons of wine we had
Marisa (Mawisa): a gallon is a lot woah. that's like, a gallon of gas.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Oooooo white sangria is good
Anna (loud and likely blonde): WE GOT ANOTHER ONE BOIS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I was explaining how it's ok shes still in school lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~they just followed me 👀 Nani?~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): She likes bnha I'm like. Ok so my friend Rebecca does Denki and deku
Marisa (Mawisa): start them young yo you can cosplay from elementary school
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *she's in college calm down she's one of my sorority sisters*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Honestly like if I wasn't SO BAD with kids and/or terrified of raising a mini me to go through the same shit I did. 
I would have a child and they would be raised on cosplay
Anna (loud and likely blonde): "here is your allowance and here is your EVA foam allowance"
Marisa (Mawisa): only 5 yards of fabric this week
Marisa (Mawisa): you go to your room and crunch young man
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I do the double D's
Dizzy: http://media.giphy.com/media/14kYTWx5wuMwqk/giphy.gif
Marisa (Mawisa): !lewd
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~doin the double D's with double D's <:fingerguns:453385855470534657> ~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Heck yeee but I am far from that LOL~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I dead thought Ed Edd and Eddy at first
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): cOSPLAY GROUP WHEN?!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Marisa did you dirty
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~fuck caps my bad~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): CANKER SISTERS TOO?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao yess
Anna (loud and likely blonde): bnha Ed Edd and Eddy xover
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Time to shitpost
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's happening
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pfft XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Who is who??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think Ed is deff Denki
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Eddy is... Bakugo? 🤔
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also. I blame y'all. I'm rooting my green wig to be deku to be villain deku at some point
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhhh yesss
Anna (loud and likely blonde): How is Denki all if them at diff points
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You rigt XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Todoroki is Edd
Marisa (Mawisa): there's usually an ed edd n eddy group at zenkai owo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The one with the beanie right
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And omg really?? How do I miss this
Marisa (Mawisa): can we cosplay this
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): O yikes my wig is very yellow green
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Time to make it blue green
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What wig? 😮
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Uhhhhh. This random short green with I bought off someone on insta.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Idk where it's from. No tag
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh, for deku?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yea. Tbh. I think I got it for gumi in like. October. 
And then it was too short and I was like ehhhhhhhhhhh oobleck? And now I'm like. Ok but. I can dye it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My room smells like isopropyl alchohol rip
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌 Finding usage for it noice. ANd oof
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yo a guy on the subway had spiked eyebrows.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Old dude.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): NYC is a trip.
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): <@351785752197201920>  Undercover Heihachi?
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oh my
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its photo day at work *end me*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THEY ARE PLAYING THE BAD RECORDER PLAYING OF THE TITANIC SONG ON THE STORE RADIO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what a fucking mood being here
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ARE YOU SERIOUS XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YES
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): idk why its on the radio because they use some satellite thing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but im DYING
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I looked up the original video.... *it's 10 years old*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh no
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we're old
Erik (Red Riot Thot): well, almost
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2WH8mHJnhM
Erik (Red Riot Thot): November 2009
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What world do we live in
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What time line is this
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the best one, clearly
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I forgot how great the key change part is
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Usually when I show it to people I stop playing it like 30 seconds in xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sameeee, the whole thing is gold though
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *27 million views*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): his next highest is 2.3 million
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WznLv41fOL0
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *IMPORTANT NEWS BOSS HAS BROUGHT HER DOG TO WORK AND HE IS WEARING A TIE FOR PHOTO DAY*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): GOOD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): WHAT A DAPPER BOY
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's so cute 🤗
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): He won't look at the camera lol
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): What a professional 😍
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He dresses up nicely 😃 lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GOOD BOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Employee of the millennium
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *i told Alisson to come to ANYC bc she wants to go to cons and she asked why I was working on costumes now if its in november*
*oh sweet summer child i have 5 cons in the middle*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im still dragging  her in she wants to be Ms Joke
Jamie (Jamie): <@301927856240459777> here have random time chronicles content out of context I doodled working
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Mawisa): GOOD I WAS THINKING ABOUT THAT LAST NIGHT
Marisa (Mawisa): it fuels my soul
Marisa (Mawisa): bless
Marisa (Mawisa): i feel like a high tier patreon sponsor
Jamie (Jamie): Lmao you are reason I have fire under my bum to work on it haha
Marisa (Mawisa): dont worry you'll have company executives grovelling at your doorstep any day now
Jamie (Jamie): Lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I usually give Clark rather than Bill at places cause too many names sound like Bill and the girl put me in as Clark Kent 😂😂😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌🏻👌🏻
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i finally updated my tumblr theme to be not broken omfg the one i used? the person stopped providing support for it 3 years ago
ZombieHunter: Lmfao
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://ebay.to/2OfvMI9 if anyone needs headphones, these are a 100 bucks cheaper than when I got them and I love them to death. These are refurbs though.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeesh another one of my coworkers is leaving
Anna (loud and likely blonde): he hasnt even been here a year
Matt (mattmyers25): Can I have there job?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): you a traffic engineer?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD Matt you just got a new job within the past month
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol no he is not Anna
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *does anyone here do resin pours i need to know things bc it will determine if i can pull off tokoyami's head or nah*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@!301927856240459777>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think?
Marisa (Mawisa): o hewwo ye i has resin
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hewwow
Anna (loud and likely blonde): how solid do i have to make a mold. to pour something thats like. vaguely the size of 2/3 of my palm
Marisa (Mawisa): the best molds aren't solid, they're more...... gelatinous? it's easier to get the cured resin out if you can bend it
Marisa (Mawisa): molds are usually silicone
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok so i need like the mold putty?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i figured out how to make tokoyami's eyes follow u but i need to make custom domed resin basically.
Marisa (Mawisa): ooooo omg that's awesome
Anna (loud and likely blonde): today on, how to be extra: me
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so i was gonna build it, and then sculpt it out of  like. fimo. then sand it and then make a mold
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and then do a pour
Marisa (Mawisa): there are dome-shaped molds available online, but if you want a custom one usually yeah!
sculpt it, use silicone rubber to make a mold, create infinite eye domes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and like if i achieve max success sell eye domes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i am also going to attempt to make this bird's mouth open
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i just gotta fit it to sit under my chin
Marisa (Mawisa): you can bite people's heads
Marisa (Mawisa): :v
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Holy crap. My Dollar tree is like. The best stocked Dollar tree I've ever seen
Matt (mattmyers25): Today's mood is brought to you by the fact I just realized I have 3  packages being delivered tomorrow
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol me like 90% of the time XD ~~Always having something delivered~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *oh heck yes the poutine truck is coming to Toracon THE CANADIANS RUN THIS ONE*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Catch me fighting the coffee wars with my Tim Hortons even tho it's nowhere near me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Mhmm Tim Hortons* 👌
