Evie (Katheryne Knight): Morning ^___^
Erik (Red Riot Thot): God morgon!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): How is everyone OwO
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): the usual amount of suffering but i have a bagel
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i drank a coffee today, which says something because i hate coffee
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its been  A Morning ™
Erik (Red Riot Thot): minor headache. tired. don't want to be at work.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): the usual
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but *it's Friday*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 🙌
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's Friday I just gotta get through this
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://giphy.com/gifs/batman-friday-1PGVMpei4gs4o
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): ~~mag told me i gotta tag all my cce pics this year as general irontitty~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its the law
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): im fuckin gonna do it
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): do i sculpt a single nipple onto the iron side
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): like that batman suit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fgjkhdjklshlfdsh
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): thats what made me think of it. the christian bale batman suit right
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): no it was batman forever
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): that one.
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): theyre like. full on headlights
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I CANT HELP BUT THINK WHEN HE GETS ALL MANGLED VOL 3 and his nip nop just comes out and the enemy has to stop and go..."is that.....is that a nipple?"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "is it....does it work???"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): laser nip
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): oh my god
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): dfghkljshflas
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I CANT BREATHE
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): someone wire me up a laser pointer
Erik (Red Riot Thot): it's a nipple that's also a gun
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): ill stick it to me nip nop
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://giphy.com/gifs/movie-austin-powers-international-man-of-mystery-xUPGcwjbsmlkQFN1cc
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YES
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im crying holy fuck
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): im dying i fucgig
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): ok but also leanna. i have. shredded the sweater
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I WAS MAKING AUSTIN POWERS RWBY FANART
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i need to add iron tiddy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): as a fembot
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): holy fuck
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): i have almost completed shredded ironwood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YAAAASSS
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): you can dead. ask that question. that ill make a stick on nipple
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): please do
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because its fucking hilarious
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): kogaracon vlog be like
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): 'asking my friends dumb questions'
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I agree with Mag. Ya gotta tag them all as that
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): what are the other ironwood ships cause someone can sneak up and be like "oh IT WORKS"
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): ~~mag approves nipple but also is like @ roosterteeth dont be a coward is there ironwood or nah~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): PLEASE RESPOND RT
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): https://twitter.com/DumbGayRoo/status/1113981509650620417
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): im fucking. im crying. there are tears on my face at work
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): This. Is beauty.
ZombieHunter: ...what
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@184437198865563648> I'm drunk as fuck I'll reply to comment after insobernuo
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): God I wish that were me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 2 long island ice rwast
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): same though.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Owo
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I OwO at you all
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I am the OwO of the Gen kind
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The best kind of OwO tbh
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Bow to my weign mr Obama
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
