Georgia (Something Sensible): do you ever like, accidentally train yourself to respond to certain things
Georgia (Something Sensible): like if you have a song as your alarm, you hear the song normally and think "ugh i have to get up"
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause ive done that for _so many songs_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee whenever I hear Mona Lisa by Panic I think I am getting a phone call cause it's been my ringtone on and off work a while lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): noahs alarm is "teenage dirtbag" so that song has been ruined now lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh noesss
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i think "lifestyles of the rich and famous" was someones ringtone cause i get the feeling but i cant rememeber who?
Georgia (Something Sensible): BOTH GOOD POP PUNK SONGS
Georgia (Something Sensible): WHAT A SHAME
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I had TOP's instrumental to one of their newer songs as my ringtone but it got lost in phone transfers so now its back to Mona Lisa and I am just like nuuu. I dont want to only associate this song with a phone call XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): i ruined "my type" for jess cause that was my alarm when we conned lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): and "i want you to" by weezer is my birth control alarm so when i hear that im like OH FUCK GOTTA RUN
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol everyone's got all these cool alarms.. I just use what comes on the phones mostly cause I'm lazy XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): my logic is that starting my day with a good song is good
Georgia (Something Sensible): but it just ruins the song lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~after this conversation I realized I wann give those I text the most specific text tones but oof idk what to give half the people lol~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~you wake up to alarms? :3~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If you set an alarm with music you like to listen to, your half asleep mind will say “oh good a soundtrack I can fall asleep too” and not even bother to shut the alarm off.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Gotta make any morning alarm the most annoying sound you can imagine to motivate yourself to actually turn it off and wake up.
Jamie (Jamie): Why did i agree to do a 8 am interview today? Glad i was mostly able to sleep before midnight at least (bless the Benadryl)
Jamie (Jamie): A different note i love that my home page on thrift books is all manga now just reminding me a series I should buy eventually
Jamie (Jamie): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.foxnews.com/tech/notre-dame-fire-reconstruction?fbclid=IwAR1RB7KFNCY8AkqH_aKVQVIT4mLN0T9ZoNpU1mFIH9ssyeUcAvIC_H9lEqs
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ignore the fact that it's Fox News. Still pretty neat
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh yeee I heard about this! That's really cool that it could help rebuild it! 😯
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just learned we have a 3D printer at my school we are allowed to use... *what*
Mark (Mad Doctor): As a professional teacher of history, I strongly recommend the Assassin's Creed games. They get more historical details right than 90% of the historical fiction movies out there.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Including how edgy everyone was?
Mark (Mad Doctor): 13th century: Edge City
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The edgelords and ladies
Anna (blonde and sad): Honestly unity was cool and it's one of my favorites. I missed the disappointment everyone had cause I bought it like two years ago for $7 and didn't have any expectations. Fuck the Nostradamus enigma BS with no map markers like yeah lemme just figure out these hard riddles about revolutionary France  
Also Arno was a snacc
Jamie (Jamie): So just finished placement testing and i placed for taking basic algebra and if that good or not no idea lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'd say that's good? 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!351471675843411978> what was that game you and Tom where playing at Sakura Sunday called??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~wanting to use the name in my radio assignment lol~~
Jess (whoozica): playing? pokemon go?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The thing in the greenhosue when I snuck up on ya guys XD
Jess (whoozica): OH lmao
Jess (whoozica): shogi
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~adds in pokemon go to it too. LOL JK JK~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And ahh oki!! Thank you!!
Jess (whoozica): lmao no problem
Jamie (Jamie): Fun fact it was school for sure cause I dozed during said math section at one point lol
