Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So on top of con crunching, my friend just sent the setlist of songs we're playong for a gig the weekend after Katsu so I have 12 songs to practice as well 😜
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes. Sounds like gonna be a full schedule for a while lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You got this my dude.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ agreed. You got this~!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Luckily I already know a couple of them pretty well <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's good! 👌🏻
Jess (whoozica): You can do it!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): http://la-diavla.tumblr.com/post/181994801160
Anna (Cadmium): aw hell yes i thought i didnt have enough time at my job to request off for friday of katsu yet but I DOOO
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 🙌
Mark (Mad Doctor): I went through a rough six weeks before and after the holidays with health issues, family health issues, and two surprise economic hits. My sympathetic department head said "Dude, if you feel the need to take a day to regroup, we have you covered." I said "Naw, I'm good, but I think I'm going to need it on February 15..."  It's just an in-service day, so he was happy to accommodate
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Smooth.
Anna (Cadmium): very smooth
Anna (Cadmium): yea no i needed 10 pay periods before i got PTO
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I put in for Katsu, Zenkai, Next, Ota and CCE, as well as christmas eve through the new year, within 24 hours of coming off new years vacation.
Anna (Cadmium): i wish. i accumulate at a rate of 4hr/pay period
Anna (Cadmium): but i have to take off for katsu and toracon
Anna (Cadmium): cant take off monday after katsu rn unfortunately
Anna (Cadmium): oh waaaaaait maybe i can
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I get yearly PTO.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I carried over 6 days from last year too.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have Katsu and Zenkai confirmed. Waiting a little to put in for Otakon and CCE, but since I'm not doing RTX this year I'll have enough PTO for thise cons olus my 4 extra days of PTO (had five but my car needed fixed) 

Should have 4 days carry over unless I die or something
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My vacation accrues at 0.83 days per month 😂
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They just introduced this new system in so everyone's kinda messed up right now
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Requesting vacation is very lax here. If it's one day it only needs to be a week ahead of time. If it's like several consecutive days then you're supposed to put in a month in advance.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): At least according to the handbook
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But no one really follows the handbook because this place is a mess
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yo that's nice 
They're more relaxed with floaters so... Hopefully it will stay this way for a bit
Mark (Mad Doctor): Zenkai falls on my spring break. It used to be Audrey's but now that she switched school's it's a school day. I sense a sudden onset flu coming in late March...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh ye my boss is a 'in the moment' kind of guy so if I ask the week of it'll be fine, s'long as I don't have a critical project thing. I put in months in advance because he told me that if it's far enough in advance, it his job to make sure I have coverage for that date. 😏
Jess (whoozica): the handbook say6s "2 days notice" but if i actually did that each time id get "a talking to"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I forgot we're moving to our new office today.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's just down the hall, but new.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So today's major distraction from work is watching bass covers of the songs we're playing for the gig and debating if I want to buy a bass off craigslis
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://images.craigslist.org/00909_gIGBHsr6VS2_1200x900.jpg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): $150
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 🤔
Jess (whoozica): pretty
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *-thinks about all the space I don't have for it in my room...-*
Anna (Cadmium): ~~arent you moving out in the relative near future~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): hopefully lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~wall hang like my roommate?~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah wall mount it OwO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I have like no wall space lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): rip nvm
Jess (whoozica): ~~ceiling~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I could put my electric back in its case under my bed and then put bass on guitar stand
Anna (Cadmium): buy the pretty shiny
Anna (Cadmium): listen to the crow brain
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm pretty pumped because a lot of the songs we're playing have some pretty great bass riffs
Erik (Red Riot Thot): American Girl
What I Like About You
Semi-Charmed Life
Teenagers
Sugar Goin Down
Sweet Home Alabama
Come Together/Brick in Wall
Tush by ZZ Top
When I Come Around
Immigrant Song
Love me Two Times
Dani California
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh my GOD
Jess (whoozica): YOOO
Jess (whoozica): das a good ass list of songs
Mark (Mad Doctor): That's pretty much the soundtrack to my high school years.
Anna (Cadmium): u seem to think we'll convince you to not buy the bass but you came to the wrong ppl
Anna (Cadmium): also Meaghan (ruby from ice skating) said you guys were all awesome and really nice btw
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That bass new is like $400 sooo.... 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): impulse counter at the ready
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's okay I feel that impulse buy I almost did yesterday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what di you almost buy
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Stuff for a raver Blake cosolay for Katsu 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Im planning on getting her Jersey shirt from the RT store, wig, ears, and some purple glow sticks
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I finally have yellow contact lenses so I'm like "I can do this"

But I also gotta be spairing with my money cause I need to build my savings up again plus make sire I have money for the next two weeks
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Rent is due on the first but thankfully I get payed on the first so it lines up perfectly
Anna (Cadmium): which night is the rave?
Anna (Cadmium): or which rave rather 
i can join u as rave yang lmao
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have no clue
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like o wanna race
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *I wanna rave
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But I've never been to the Katsu rave
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I also wanna be cozy and meme owo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i really wanna bring penny to the rave.. but idk what day it is
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and if its the same time as the ball gain i cannnnnt
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I think they have it Friday and Sat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): friday night might be rave penny
Mark (Mad Doctor): I know they have it set so the two dances do not conflict
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I know the ball is sat and I could do a formal Blake bit finding her dress is gonna be hard
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Friday evening is Cheongsam Neo for me tho
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like Katsu whyyyyy
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Cheongsam will probably get you in to formal.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pretty Tyler's group ditched the ball for the rave, so they were probably same time.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Raves run longer too so.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah that's kinda why I'd rather do rave. Also.more comfortable after wearing Winters Heels TM for 6 hours
Jess (whoozica): i didnt go last year so i kinda forgot it existed
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm not feeling the formal again myself. The whole thing was neat but I don't know how to dance, don't have a partner, so maybe I'll just hang around outside the thing for pictures of people looking snazzy.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://lifehacker.com/organize-your-schedule-by-mental-state-not-by-project-1831645301
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wanna do formal but I don't want to wear heels any more
Jess (whoozica): flats!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My goal this year is to try and do more Characters with boots/flats/loafers/sneakers
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof same
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fuck heels
Jess (whoozica): i only cosplay one character with heels and i still ahte it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like half the reason I'm doing Summer and Futaba

No heels
Anna (Cadmium): i would rather go to the rave but like. i wanna run into fairwindcosplay at least once and shes known for ballgowns so idk if id see her outside of the ball
Jess (whoozica): and even those are heel-boots
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Neo's heels are thick so they aren't terrible
Anna (Cadmium): lets go to the rave screw formal dances i wear business casual every day i wanna be a mess
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Summer is combat boots 
Cheongsam will be low ass broken in heels I have 
Futaba is boots
Raver Blake would be combat boots
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Winter would be my only heeled as fuck cosolay
Anna (Cadmium): im bringing a roller stick to katsu its saved my ass with other cosplay
Jess (whoozica): im assuming you dont mean a lint roller?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): LINT ROLL THE GAZEBO
Anna (Cadmium): nah i mean like this
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): feet?
Anna (Cadmium): u can roll out your sore muslces
Evie (Katheryne Knight): O w O
Anna (Cadmium): feet, leggy, parts of ur back, and if u have friend part of ur arm
Jess (whoozica): oooo like a rolling pin for your bod
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i need one... just in general
Anna (Cadmium): indeed
Evie (Katheryne Knight): also I sat in the Gaylord hottub for 3 hours to feel release last year
Anna (Cadmium): hot tub then roll out
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I should do that this year too
Anna (Cadmium): yea i use it at the gym for my leggy but it good for cons
Jess (whoozica): damn i could use that for my calves
Anna (Cadmium): omg wait i have the yang outfit from s3 she def goes clubbing in that
Anna (Cadmium): and i wouldnt sweat her damn arm off
Anna (Cadmium): yea no i highly recommend roller stick
Anna (Cadmium): theres one thats just a ball for feet thats good too
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lobmbjcAt9M&list=RDEM6AX49kIs1QeXqy_jVjDNRw&index=8 this is the cutest song omfg
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Eyyy SPG
Jess (whoozica): I wanna work out but my house is cold and I don't wanna change
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Mondays are my gym night and I'm definitely going to struggle leaving the house...
