Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: U ever just come up with an idea u love so much u can't wait to do it
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: I am crying from my own drawing plan
Matt (mattmyers25): Does anyone know who has the beacon flag? I am asking since I am going to wizard world, ideas going to see if I could get the flag signed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I have it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): who's gonna be there?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh, all the girls
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah that'd be cool to get Lindsay and Barbara to sign it too!
Matt (mattmyers25): Ok. Let me know when I can get it from you and I can see if I can get lindsay and Barb to sign it.
Mark (Mad Doctor): "...the furry of many Muslims.". I'm dying
Mark (Mad Doctor): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOL
Jamie (Jamie): Fuke i wish i could afford wizard world i would play line con to get to meet lana and other cast members from OUAT 😭😭😭
Jamie (Jamie): i love lana so much
Evie (Katheryne Knight): WAT
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just a warning: the next round of tarriffs is likely to add 25% to the price of shoes and clothes imported from China. If you have plans to order cosplays, sooner might be better than later
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙃 yea I heard about new tariffs on the news and I was like ugh is this why we been doing nothing but price changes all day?? 😭 dammit my finger hurts from it all...
Jamie (Jamie): yup the tarriffs that were supposedly being payed by china and not american buisness' and consumers. those tarrifs 🙃 🙃 🙃
Georgia (Something Sensible): theyre protective tariffs, which dont have an awesome history i recall
Georgia (Something Sensible): we're in an economic war with china via trade
Georgia (Something Sensible): which is kinda dumb because the american dollar is the strongest currency
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: lol US Tariff policy under trump has been crap
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: the whole trade war with china is a mess
Mark (Mad Doctor): Trump sees trade as a zero sum game of winners and losers. He is a mercantilist in how he regards the balance of trade, which kind of became uncool with Adam Smith 250 years ago
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh its the thing they talk about in ferris bueller!
Georgia (Something Sensible): protective tariffs became uncool when we got a depression lol
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Is your knowledge coming from ferris bueller's day off
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ben Stein is an awful human being, but there isn't a day that goes by where is don't quote this line
https://media.tenor.com/images/403db35330ee419e773a0be189acfbce/tenor.gif
