Georgia (Something Sensible): i love when college emails me about college things
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): yes rutgers, water sports on an island <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *those words don't mean what you think they mean anymore*
Georgia (Something Sensible): I just took off my glasses to hear better
Georgia (Something Sensible): It must have been a long day
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Mood
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg the geek week meeting today was actually really good, like a dozen people came
Georgia (Something Sensible): The anime club President isn’t a weeb
Georgia (Something Sensible): And there’s only one socially awkward kid!
Marisa (Mawisa): is the president even qualified if he isn't a weeb
Marisa (Mawisa): when a person is sworn into the position of anime club president they need to bring at least 2 dakimakura to serve as witnesses, dance the hare hare yukai in a kimono, and swear upon an original japanese copy of the first neon genesis evangelion manga
Marisa (Mawisa): that's the bare minimum
Marisa (Mawisa): when did we as a majority of humans just stop worshipping mountains. who thought it was a good idea to stop mountain worship.
Marisa (Mawisa): you ever see a mountain? big.
Marisa (Mawisa): tall.
Matt (mattmyers25): So for qrow's new voice actor, what about Matt mercer?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ehhh... Idk. The things I've heard him voice in he's okay. Idk who all he does though so may be a good fit 🤷
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~He's the guy who does Kirito and Eren right? Or am I thinking someone else.~~
Matt (mattmyers25): He does Levi
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I dropped AoT so idk XD~~
Matt (mattmyers25): He is in critical role,overwatch
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Who does he do in OW?
Matt (mattmyers25): Mccree
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh 😮  Hmm... maybe then
Marisa (Mawisa): qrow becomes a cowboy
Matt (mattmyers25): He is also in kill la kill
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Whomst?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): In KLK
Matt (mattmyers25): Head nudist beach guy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh my boyo XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I forget his name LOL
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Ya know what's one of my favorite things
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Fandom headcanon
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Like the headcanons that are so intense, that literally everyone accepts them and they're basically canon
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yesss. Agreed
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Cause like think about it 
A giant conglomeration of people who literally get into death threats about ships and stuff
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Somehow found something that isnt canon, and agreed to it
Georgia (Something Sensible): So Noah’s roommate has been bringing back a girl a couple nights
Georgia (Something Sensible): And Noah’s all giddy about it
Georgia (Something Sensible): He’s playing “kiss the girl” on his speaker really loudly right next to their door
Georgia (Something Sensible): We’re all really happy tho cause now his roomie has been sober more than 24 hours
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Did his roommate have a drinking problem or?
That's good for him though I hope it works out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahh that's good! Hopefully things work out for his roomier and her. Glad to hear he's finally sobered up for a bit. And Noah playing kiss the girl XDD LMAO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So my phone updated yesterday and everything is weird and bubbly looking lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Bubbly looking? O.o
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like everything has rounded corners
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And is slightly bigger
Marisa (Mawisa): Ⓑⓤⓑⓑⓛⓨ ⓛⓞⓞⓚⓘⓝⓖ? Ⓣⓗⓐⓣ'ⓢ ⓦⓔⓘⓡⓓ●
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): anyone who has a good idea of adulting understand the difference between these three reccommenders?
Georgia (Something Sensible): academic should be a professor
Georgia (Something Sensible): professional i guess is my work?
Georgia (Something Sensible): whats personal then?
Marisa (Mawisa): Personal reference would be like a coworker or colleague or someone who can vouch that you’re a good person
Marisa (Mawisa): Professional would be a boss or supervisor but they can also be personal references if you have another professional reference 
Think of it like a free space for either professional or academic
Marisa (Mawisa): Professional: “she’s a good worker/adult person”
Academic: “she’s a good student”
Personal: “she’s a good human who doesn’t kick puppies”
Georgia (Something Sensible): im applying for a tutoring job, so i guess ill cite my professor, my work boss, and the personal is harder to think of
Marisa (Mawisa): If you have anyone you’ve tutored in the past they’d be perfect
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~my sister~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ha.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You could cite one of us.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): At least those of us working.
Georgia (Something Sensible): _really_
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Wouldn’t cite another student but an adult friend of yours? Why the hell not.
Georgia (Something Sensible): not to mention youre in a comp sci field, tom is in physics, and erik and anna are in engineering
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I used to cite my dad’s friend, whose known me since I was a toddler. Entrepreneur so his opinion holds clout, but I know him for personal reasons. The people here qualify for that.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We work independently of you, don’t teach you, and know your personality.
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm an adult and (arguably) an academic, though you'll probably want someone in your preferred field
Marisa (Mawisa): I’m in education too but I only know your online personality <:rip:378273525804433408>
Georgia (Something Sensible): could i ask the lady that supervises geek week? shes official rutgers staff
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That may be better academic.
Georgia (Something Sensible): tru marisa i am an illusion of the interwebs
Georgia (Something Sensible): but i dont learn from her, she just supervises the club
Marisa (Mawisa): If she knows you well yeah that’d be a good one
Mark (Mad Doctor): The geek week woman probably has seen you at your most organized and might be a good voice to lend for a tutoring position
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~cite hunter~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): hunter be like "she good"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): didnt you tutor him
Georgia (Something Sensible): nah he figured it out on his own cause hes a smart bean
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea for personal ya can use a friend. Matt has used me on his apps
Georgia (Something Sensible): _that is a nut not a bean_
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~if you need a person i can do it~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its nut a bean
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its a legume
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but like i was president of a sorority, was on e-board for 3 semesters in a row, and am a 'functioning' adult so idk if you want a personal one i can also write it from my work email lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): like arent they gonna ask "how do you know this person" and we shouldnt be saying cosplay?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I mean i guess we can be like a "costume and performance group" or something LOL
Marisa (Mawisa): There were no bean or pea emotes I had to improvise 
“We are part of an organized social group for creators who run monthly in-person meetings”
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Odds are they won’t even contact the reference
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea ngl if they contact references its usually the professional ones
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): “We met through photography. It’s a passion of mine and she helped me with a project I was working on as the model. We formed a friendship while we did that.”
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Easy.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~circumventing saying “I go to weeb cons in costumes” is a life skill you need to develop~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): so should the geek week lady be a professional or personal recommendation
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause ngl my intro calc and physics teachers sucked
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i already asked the prof with a good idea of my abilities as a student for the summer internship recommendations
Anna (loud and likely blonde): professional bc you did professional work with her
Georgia (Something Sensible): ok so i need an academic professor then
Georgia (Something Sensible): and a personal
Georgia (Something Sensible): personal can be my boss at wor
Georgia (Something Sensible): UGH  I HAVE TO ASK A PROF FOR THINGS AGAINNNNN cries
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Do you have a good relationship with your academic advisor? Because they would be a good reference.
Georgia (Something Sensible): OH YEAH
Georgia (Something Sensible): holy crap i forgot about her
Anna (loud and likely blonde): personal you really want to be someone that you didnt work with as your starting interaction, 
but ye go to your advisor
Georgia (Something Sensible): i talked to her a lot at the beginning of the semester and she was really glad to see that i bounced back from the divorce/deaths in the family
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah def she sounds like she really knows you which is important
Georgia (Something Sensible): the difference between an academic and a personal reference, is that one you sign the email with "respectfully" and the other you say "Thanks!" and put your name
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and the academic one you get a response like 

"no problem"
- sent from my iPhone
Georgia (Something Sensible): "k"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s typically about their interactions with you.
Georgia (Something Sensible): So if my recommendors are an academic advisor, a supervisor of a club i'm in, and my boss, you think thats good?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ye, though the first two both feel academic to me.
Georgia (Something Sensible): geek week is pretty loose term for club too, we have like a 30K budget and plan an event for 400 people but YA KNOW
Mark (Mad Doctor): Sounds good. What subject are you tutoring in?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Physics, Calculus, and French 😎
Mark (Mad Doctor): Academic advisor the way to go for your scholarly credentials. Club advisor and boss for your organization and professionalism, and parole officer to swear you have the arson problem under control
Marisa (Mawisa): nous pouvons parler francais à katsu 🥖
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah carey (the geek week woman) is a weird in-between i think because she sees me be organized and professional
Georgia (Something Sensible): but also i had to help her choose with font looks more like the super mario font for a tshirt
Georgia (Something Sensible): so like, the geek thing just breaks down barriers lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): "we can speak french at katsu" Y E A
Mark (Mad Doctor): Les grandes weebs de BNE
Georgia (Something Sensible): more like BN-WEEB
Mark (Mad Doctor): "Dans Yeet nous faisons confiance"
Georgia (Something Sensible): OMG our motto sounds so much cooler in french
Georgia (Something Sensible): especially with the fancy accent
Georgia (Something Sensible): _makes us sound like revolutionaries_
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~or cowards~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~the french are cowards~~
Marisa (Mawisa): [in French] take that back punk
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *I can't hear you, you already ran away*
Marisa (Mawisa): then there’s the French Canadian
With all their beady little eyes and flappin’ heads so full of lies
Georgia (Something Sensible): the "cheese eating surrender monkeys" my foreign policy professor called the french
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *screams in fear of french*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *ICH BIN DEUTSCH*
Georgia (Something Sensible): im the human embodiment of "dont stop me now" by queen today
Georgia (Something Sensible): but i just know tomorrow im gonna be a deflated balloon
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Or rather. *Ich sprecht sie Deutsche*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok but think positive. u on a roll today
Anna (loud and likely blonde): even if u deflated tomorrow you had a good day today
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have done _so much_ today
Georgia (Something Sensible): and its only 3
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o so ur the one that stole my motivation
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Tom Brady has shown us you can still be a winner even if you're deflated
Anna (loud and likely blonde): jk jk but still i am proud
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): snrk @ erik.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is that a football
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk footballs
Georgia (Something Sensible): i finished a homework problem set, went to class, did laundry for my clothes AND bed, emailed all the peer leader recommendation peeps, emailed all my summer internship recommendation peeps, ordered stuff to compete in the rutgers dorm competition, and bought valentines stuff
Georgia (Something Sensible): W E R K
Georgia (Something Sensible): now i gotta do thermal physics homework, apply to another program, and write up a lab report
Georgia (Something Sensible): should be do able in 8 hours
Georgia (Something Sensible): ... i hope
Georgia (Something Sensible): yes i am the motivation stealer
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://scontent.fagc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/24129580_192680004642738_804326153046560263_n.jpg?_nc_cat=1&_nc_ht=scontent.fagc1-1.fna&oh=06960c930cce3658cec1fffa49cb42ce&oe=5CB7ADB7
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://scontent.fagc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/24059065_192680027976069_8676693244405949584_n.jpg?_nc_cat=1&_nc_ht=scontent.fagc1-1.fna&oh=2e1a2748fbed3ec6922858c4609eafa9&oe=5CF0E1AF
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U ON A ROLL GIRLLLLLL
Georgia (Something Sensible): THANK U FRENDS
Georgia (Something Sensible): why are thank you baskets so expense
Anna (loud and likely blonde): make ur own
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@!289944569410224129> or <@!334090409389195266> do me a favor just so i can send you one of these in return
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://www.cookiesbydesign.com/thanks-a-buzz-illion-A312
Anna (loud and likely blonde): WHAT THE FUCK THATS SO EXPENSIVE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): wTF
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fuck that imma make my own
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im teaching you all how to decorate cookies like that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THATS SO CUTE THOUGH
Anna (loud and likely blonde): SOMEONE GET THE ROYAL ICING
Anna (loud and likely blonde): IMMA LEARN YOU A THING
Georgia (Something Sensible): the cookies are really good too, i believe hal got me one of these for my birthday
Georgia (Something Sensible): those cookies be like crack cocaine they so good
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i am a woman of many things i can decorate cakes as well~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i want cookie now
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://www.cookiesbydesign.com/build-a-bear-bouquet-sweet-valentine-BAB230
Georgia (Something Sensible): WHOA
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahhh these are so cute
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *still whomst has eighty fuckign dollars for cookies*
Marisa (Mawisa): $10+ per cookie
Georgia (Something Sensible): some gotta get me a sugar daddy
Georgia (Something Sensible): pun intended
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wheres noah at
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~im seriously gonna make cookies like this for yall one day~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ,... I've spent 80 dollars on stupider things before.
Jess (whoozica): i make cookies like those at christmas!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok but. 
80 dollars can get u a lot of oreo too
Marisa (Mawisa): Noah’s probably loaded after winning the hunger games
Jess (whoozica): i wanna do them for vday but i probbaly wont have time opps
Anna (loud and likely blonde): jess n i are gonna bake some g00d shit for another holiday for yall
Marisa (Mawisa): white day!
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *Marisa what*
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats like the reverse valentines day i think?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *that sounds incredibly racist without context tbqh*
Marisa (Mawisa): Yeah it’s one month later in March it’s Valentine’s Day but for guys
Marisa (Mawisa): 😱
Marisa (Mawisa): Girls give guys chocolate on Valentine’s Day
Guys give girls chocolate on white day
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Jess (whoozica): me and tom have a "get stuff for each other at katsu" pact on v-day this year
Anna (loud and likely blonde): aw
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Are you doing the Ash and Dan thing?
Jess (whoozica): cuz trying to pick gifts or plan a dinner out or something while con cronch is too hard, ef that
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~gift giving in general is hard~~
Marisa (Mawisa): I hope you get each other ridiculous dakimakura
Jess (whoozica): the what?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): where they each buy a gift for the other at the con, but do it separately so it's a surprise?
Jess (whoozica): ooo idk we didnt really talk too much about it
Jess (whoozica): it was just more of a "hey were both stressed cuz con, lets not stress ourselves more"
Marisa (Mawisa): “Hey Tom I got you this Sasuke pillow”
“What a surprise jess for I too got you the same Sasuke pillow”
Marisa (Mawisa): That’s love
Jess (whoozica): lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~choking sasuke~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have to stop looking at these cookies
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have no chocolate in my room and now i have the biggest sugar craving
Anna (loud and likely blonde): drink juice
Georgia (Something Sensible): but like _chocolate sugar_
Georgia (Something Sensible): like pastries
Anna (loud and likely blonde): trust me it helps the craving
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause sugar is legitimately addictive right?
Jess (whoozica): yeet
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ye
Georgia (Something Sensible): how crazy is tha
Anna (loud and likely blonde): r bodies are still like. STOCKPILE ENERGY
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and im like NOOOOO
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have FOUND REESES PEANUT BUTTER CUPS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THATS THE GOOD SHIT
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's basically Hershey's Crack™
Jess (whoozica): i miss dark chocolate reeses
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh yeah those were a thing
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You can probably still get them in Hershey.
Georgia (Something Sensible): im not a fan of hersheys bars of chocolate but the reeses peanut butter cups are GOOD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u wanna know why hersheys bars taste different
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~imma nerd out~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): why
Anna (loud and likely blonde): bc when milton hershey was makign his recipe. at some point in the condensing process the milk turns slightly sour and he built his whole flavor off that.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): also the % of cocoa in it is relatively low
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ew
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I like dark chocolate anyways so that’s prob part of it
Jess (whoozica): DARK CHOCOLATE IS BEST CHOCOLATE
Erik (Red Riot Thot): AGREE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): white chocolate is the devil
Erik (Red Riot Thot): also agree
Jess (whoozica): green tea kitkats are lit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I like white chocolate~~
Jess (whoozica): eh. its ok
Jess (whoozica): i dont perfer it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u can have all of it then
Anna (loud and likely blonde): also green tea kitkats but like specifically the ones from japan are best
Jess (whoozica): ive only had those i think
Georgia (Something Sensible): White chocolate is FAKE
Jess (whoozica): idk we order them online and i cant read them
Jess (whoozica): my friend brought me these short pockys from japan that are rasberry and dark chocolate and they are so good
Marisa (Mawisa): Apple KitKats are the best
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~we should really arrange a mitsuwa marketplace BNE meetup~~
Marisa (Mawisa): They taste like apple not chocolate it’s horrifying
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~ya'll can get all of this~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Was working on that.
Marisa (Mawisa): Ruby chocolate is the new big thing
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There's Karaoke over there and I enjoy Qeen.
Marisa (Mawisa): They sell it in japan it’s a new kind of chocolate like white, dark, milk. Ruby.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh fuck i wanna do karaoke
Jess (whoozica): 😮
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what is ruby chocolate?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is it like..red velvet?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): A rwby ship, probably.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😏
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ruby x Coco
Marisa (Mawisa): It’s a totally new kind of chocolate. It tastes a little berryish? Hard to describe
Jess (whoozica): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_chocolate
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): interesting
Marisa (Mawisa): Almost like raspberry chocolate but there’s no fruit in it
Yee there it is
Jess (whoozica): that is the most bougie chocolate ive ever seen
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it looks goood
Jess (whoozica): its so fancy i wanna try
Marisa (Mawisa): Let’s go to japan they sell it at 7/11
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.worldwidechocolate.com/chruchbar.html?gclid=CjwKCAiAqOriBRAfEiwAEb9oXVntzEG67FDIc8AEXbLnNofzkxTUsXBmTRiL5BNZtdgEkSaOG3fJnBoCjUsQAvD_BwE
Jess (whoozica): lol i was litteraly about to paste that
Erik (Red Riot Thot): lol the horse react xD
Marisa (Mawisa): there’s no glue emoji to represent paste <:imdyingsquirtle:378261448838610944>
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://giphy.com/gifs/otp-shrek-shadow-the-hedgehog-iTYp0KJmalqcU
Georgia (Something Sensible): why does giphy have this
Georgia (Something Sensible): i just wanted a shrek reaction gif
Georgia (Something Sensible): why did i get this
Marisa (Mawisa): i love super glue
the way it glues things is just so
super
Marisa (Mawisa): when you read that be sure to imagine me clenching my fist in between "so" and the last "super"
Marisa (Mawisa): are you imagining it
Georgia (Something Sensible): so i found out why the class im taking is so easy
Georgia (Something Sensible): theres no pre requisites
Georgia (Something Sensible): so someone taking circuits for the first time actually has to pay attention to the lectures
Georgia (Something Sensible): but a physics major can pretty safely zone out
Anna (loud and likely blonde): If anyone needs to contact me for some reason in the next three hours. Don't. 
I will be having my eyes dilated
Marisa (Mawisa): hey guys lets gossip about anna
Marisa (Mawisa): i hear she's backing the funding of veggietales shippuden
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I can still read for now you fruitcake
Marisa (Mawisa): sometimes i can still see her messages
Marisa (Mawisa): it's like she never left
Marisa (Mawisa): sometimes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Man that Anna. What a rapscallion.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So motivated to be friendly and DO THINGs with other people.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): tsk tsk.
Marisa (Mawisa): ikr i heard that in third grade she ate a double cheeseburger in four bites
Marisa (Mawisa): but the buns were pickles
Marisa (Mawisa): and the patties were pickles
Marisa (Mawisa): and it was just entirely pickles
Marisa (Mawisa): you know how new yorkers are with pickles
