ZombieHunter: did. did you go to DC, anna?
ZombieHunter: <@!289944569410224129>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Opposite has happened. Mag is in NY
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Please accept Snapchat geofilter
ZombieHunter: why doesn't anyone tell me this shit
ZombieHunter: 😠
ZombieHunter: I WANNA HANG OUT
ZombieHunter: i'm being silly pls don't think i'm mad guys
ZombieHunter: lol
ZombieHunter: waaaaah
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~mood lol.~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Although atm I got shit to do and little monies T_T rip~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO she's on a date. Kinda. 
Idk. Sarah (my big) said come hang out in the city cause she lives in Stuytown
But mag will. Be up here next weekend also?
Georgia (Something Sensible): is it date nite and i missed the meme?
Georgia (Something Sensible): rebecca was on a date today too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol that I was. Kinda. Ended up just more so being catching up 😂
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Idk I left my boy on Long island we we're out last night. Tonight is get drunk in Manhattan night
Georgia (Something Sensible): my boi went home to take care of his pupper
Georgia (Something Sensible): i hope its not date night lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh no is his pupper okay? 😦
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye his mom just skyped him and his dog went NUTS and he was like eh ill go home for dinner and doggo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awwww
Georgia (Something Sensible): she is all okay 👌
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm amused by the thought that the very same hall where Donald Trump gave his eccentric speech yesterday is the very same one we did the T-Pose dance in two weeks earlier. Surely it is a cursed space
Anna (loud and likely blonde): A cursed and liminal space
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): So 25% off of everything except what I would need. Thanks Joann's. So helpful
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Walked through the garment district and I was. Straight salivating. 
Good thing most shops are closed or I could say goodbye to my wallef
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I went last spring when I was broke and I was crying inside
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Catch me sobbing in the garment district because all the fabric holds too much potential for both me and my wallet to contain
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Lol
Jamie (Jamie): i just realized a magical thing where I can reuse panels from the first version of my comic for the nexxt 2 episodes with some recoloring and style edits... like instead of having to redraw all of it that is still essentially the same scene. some things are being added for quality but im excited cause it means that much less time it will take to create the back log of episodes
Marisa (Mawisa): that's perfect because then when you make it big you can use updated panels as a selling point for the platinum edition of your book
Jamie (Jamie): this friends is why you save your layered files and dont destroy them when making them into postable images
Jamie (Jamie): lol considering the originals of the edited ones will stay in the v.1 folder on my computer not sure it will be a thing haha
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): So I walked into Bed, Bath and Beyond today. They had a big banner over the door that read "We have merchandise from your favorite teams." Underneath was a stack of doormats with bees on them ("Bee Welcome") . They weren't lying
Georgia (Something Sensible): What’s the new bumble feature?
