Evie (Katheryne Knight): Orangy boi
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That part I know <@229713389511901185> when  you're recording, there's the option to change the speed so it adjusts the speed of the audio while you're recording and then when you're done it readjusts back so the audio is normal and your video is sped up or slowed down
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Selecting 2x will half the audio when you're recording so your video will be twice as fast
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOOOOOOOO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay
Evie (Katheryne Knight): http://vm.tiktok.com/eFCBAP/
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I've entered tiktok hell
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): http://vm.tiktok.com/eFS994/
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Its official
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Once I start memeing theres no going back
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm fucking crying Leanna
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): PERFECT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FUEL MY MEMES
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So are we just gonna meme the shit out of everything at katsu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): CAN WE MAKE THE TRASH THROW OUT A TIKTOK
Anna (loud and likely blonde): With like. The Wii store music
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMFAO PLEASE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): All of you who are now on tik tok beta give me user names so I can follow ya'll~! 😝
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *leggy*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Y'ALL
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So Joey and I are taking a mini road trip this summer and look at this airbnb we plan on renting
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'M BRINGING MY TAIYANG COSTUME TO TENNESSEE SO I CAN GET LOCATION CONTENT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Omg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Bring fake sunflowers
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Definitely will do
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahhh that's such a cute little cabin! 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also Tennessee?? 😮 Is it in the Smokey Mtns?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): http://vm.tiktok.com/eFX1rs/
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am so glad more of you have joined tik tok~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm cadmiumcos I have no content tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Omfg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I am still learning some things on the app but if any one ever has questions on the app hit me up lol. I've been using it for like a year and a half so know some of the functions?~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Erik. 
Can you hear me groaning at your puns from here 
Those. Are so bad.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Why did you pic that clip
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My soul escaped from my body
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The end part where we can see you turning off the video is honestly the biggest dad mood though
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That like brings it all together
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I hope that part was intentional
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I didn't know how to edit that out...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It wouldn't let me trim the video
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I think. You can move the slider to make it shorter.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~just claim it's intentional~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am assuming the audio was your own? If not you can set the timer and it'll end filming for ya
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Wait can you not edit after it's finished?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Once fully posted?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Not that I am aware of
Rebecca (madameterralupus): As for once done filming and before posted. Unsure. Looking now
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah doesn't seem like you can trim the video. You have to set the tine for the exact amount of time you want to shoot for... which is dumb
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea like I know if you record, then stop and record again you can delete the last recording but doesn't seem trimming is an option for video. Only sound O.o
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Which is why I want to know how people do custom audio. I tried looking up tutorials but they're literally all 10 year old girls who have no fucking clue how to make a tutorial video
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao yeaaa ~~And they shouldnt even be on it cause I think the app is like 13 plus LOL~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea messing around a but no way to trim video... only audio.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Da fuqqq tik tok
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Honestly it's probs like. Pre filmed videos you trim in your photo app and then upload and download and keep doing that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma experiment this weekend and figure it out lol'
Jamie (Jamie): Wow yea you usee to havea way to upload your own audio clips and it doesnt show anymore? Wtf
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Weird.
Jamie (Jamie): Also tai doing "mr.mom" ~~which lonestar did apparently pretty sure they covered it though~~ would be kinda awesome
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀 👀 The Raven t-shirt is back in stock on RT. I betta get it now before it goes out again... Ahhhh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The your own clip is the square to the side of the record button
Jamie (Jamie): Holy crap my head is so cloudy right now from medicines for pains but somehow insomnia is still winning and I wont pass out
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am so flipping exhausted rn
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m gonna be late if I stop for Dunks but like... cookie dough and brownie batter donut tho
Erik (Red Riot Thot): they're so good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~do they have cakebatter ones, or is that just krispy kreme?~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Update, donut acquired AND in class on time
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s so good but must be so bad for me lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): limit thyself to one donut every other day?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i cant set foot in a dunkin for a week after the drink i got yesterday it was so bad
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *today is the anniversary of the birthday of Friedlieb Ferdinand Runge the godfather of caffeine*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~drop the sugar, grab the caffeine~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just a reminder that Trump's former press secretary is  likely to be there. Rumor has it that he was wearing full body armor last year and attended incognito.  He also donned a fursuit during the 2nd Bush administration to portray the Easter Bunny  at the annual egg roll

https://cosplay.kotaku.com/sean-spicer-has-been-to-katsucon-1791498295
Marisa (Mawisa): shoutout to bernie sanders accidentally wandering into anime boston
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need to go to michaels but that is such a dangerous endeavor
Mark (Mad Doctor): Now I want to cosplay Bernie Sanders
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): there should be a politician cosplay parody group
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ugh. Someone compared my beard to that of Ted Cruz yesterday
Mark (Mad Doctor): My old enemy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yikes
Mark (Mad Doctor): I make it look good
Erik (Red Riot Thot): carb coma is settling in...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): cheese steak may have been a poor choice of lunch
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~but it was so good~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Mark just. Do it like a parody. Like that guy who looks like Mike pence so he walks around in booty shorts and collects money for AIDS relief
Mark (Mad Doctor): Like "Smack Ted Cruz for $5"  to raise money for refugee resettlement programs? I like it.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> Got my makeup I needed (Also scored a eyeshadow pallet for $1.50 down from $19) and new hair feathers for Raven! I should be mostly set now. Besides getting food and alcohol for room.Wooo
Jess (whoozica): Awww ye!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also yo I really like Ulta. First time in there and even though it's basically the same as Sephora I felt less intimidated in there??
Jess (whoozica): Yea Sephora is high pressure 😂
Marisa (Mawisa): If I don’t finish the gold part of this dress today someone just destroy me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): whats your preferred way to go
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i gotchu fam
Marisa (Mawisa): Guillotine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): alright i'll arrange it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but FINISH THE GOLD PART
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you can do it
Jess (whoozica): You can do it!
Marisa (Mawisa): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Marisa (Mawisa): Hold on new mystic mess chatroom just opened
Georgia (Something Sensible): Sephora the saleswomen can be so aggressive like DO YOU NEED HELP
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like....... yah lady........ not anymore tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was in sephora once and got asked if i needed help 8 times
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was only in there for like 10 mins
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ulta is much more chill
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...8 times by the same lady
Jess (whoozica): OOF
Georgia (Something Sensible): I have the same problem with Victoria secret
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea
Georgia (Something Sensible): They’re like DO YOU NEED HELP like no let me purchase undies is peace
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i dont shop there cause i hate being asked if i need help
Georgia (Something Sensible): S A M E
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like no fam.... just let me pick out my underwear
Georgia (Something Sensible): There’s a nice way to go about it and an aggressive way
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like “if you need any help, let me know!” Is much better than CAN I HELP YOU
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AGREED
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yea I went to VS Pink today and one second after getting asked if I need help another lady asked 😂 I was like ahhh <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> lemme just shop. Idk what I want. I don't come her so lemme browse dammit
Rebecca (madameterralupus): But yea ultra made me feel much more comfortable. They didn't make me feel like I was dumb with make up ~~which I am but still lol~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://open.spotify.com/track/0n0XAmYCMWlzj3W9VdMejw
Marisa (Mawisa): I just ate a single string bean and it feels like my whole body has been purified and I could bench press the Eiffel Tower
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Mood marisa
Marisa (Mawisa): Just got a plate of ice cream to help overcome this
Marisa (Mawisa): My cat stuck her paw in the middle of the plate while I was holding it. Wow.
