Mark (Mad Doctor): True
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm curious how targeted searches are when a person isn't logged into anything
what comes up in the top search results when you look up "blessing" on youtube?
Jess (whoozica): A video of you
Marisa (Mawisa): that was smooth i applaud it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:lenny:456549338026344489> Very smooth
Marisa (Mawisa): thanks for your contribution to science
Jess (whoozica): You're welcome 😉
Marisa (Mawisa): the top things that come up are all variations of a rad song
but is that because of my location? or perhaps because all i watch on youtube is anime-related? how deep does the rabbit hole go
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Update on that puppy: they raised nearly $12,000. I think he's going to get the surgeries and care he needs 😭💕
ZombieHunter: Me when people shit talk my ship.
ZombieHunter: <@!334090409389195266>
ZombieHunter: <@!386874959009415170>
ZombieHunter: About into the spider verse
ZombieHunter: 
ZombieHunter: 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Nicu
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Pffft
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah Gerard Way was a comic book artist. MCR was actually his side job from what I read.

Did you see he added the Evangelion characters into one of the comics?
Jess (whoozica): Somewhere I have issue 1 of Umbrella Academy by him
Anna (Cadmium): yall ready to get drunk off anime drinks at a ruby tuesdays on a saturday
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): If anyone wants to try the new frappachino from Starbucks that tastes like the Harry Potter butter beer order it like this (for a grande) : no vanilla, four pumps of the short bread sauce and all of the sauce’s blended together not layered
ZombieHunter: Gimme
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: It's so good
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Also like you can get it in latte form and it's like hot butterbeer
ZombieHunter: G I mm e
Evie (Katheryne Knight): NEED
ZombieHunter: ^^^^
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm that sounds good 😮
Jess (whoozica): Lmao when I was drunk on NYE I took one of those little moonshines and out in my purse to try later and I totally forgot and I just found it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omfg
Anna (Cadmium): omg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): get lit at work
Anna (Cadmium): kinda jealous
Jess (whoozica): I gotta drive home in 15 mins 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nvm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): do not
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Get lit 
At home
Safely
Jess (whoozica): Good plan
Georgia (Something Sensible): Those jars were so cute tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): I kept one lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): What an interesting choice in adjectives
Anna (Cadmium): u ever just wonder what goes through ppls heads when they comment
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Sounds like Pyrrha tho
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Even with an arrow in her chest, she did not complain
Anna (Cadmium): o na imma kill one of the other commenters on ur photo
Anna (Cadmium): go directly to hell, do not pass go, do not collect $200
Jess (whoozica): WTF
Jess (whoozica): Did someone say this to you?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I kind of want to troll him for saying "loose" instead of "lose"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *"There aren't any tight weights in that photo, so how can she loosen them?"*
Anna (Cadmium): no its on georgia's
Anna (Cadmium): and i am protective of friends so i am angery
Jess (whoozica): WHAT
Jess (whoozica): Which post?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The Pyrrha one
Anna (Cadmium): the second newest one
Anna (Cadmium): although i just wanna say
Anna (Cadmium): instructions unclear dick caught in ceiling fan 
a wezrez pyrrha picture? unheard of
Jess (whoozica): Georgia why did you like it? 😂
Anna (Cadmium): so she can sicc all of us on him
Anna (Cadmium): although it looks like a weird puppet account
Georgia (Something Sensible): I took it as that that was their New Years resolution lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): I didn’t even think they were trolling til you pointed out it could be taken that way
Jess (whoozica): Oooo their English does seem off so maybe?
Anna (Cadmium): all of their posts have the same english
Anna (Cadmium): but it seems much more directed towards you than them saying 'im tryna lose weight to cosplay'
Georgia (Something Sensible): All give them the benefit of the doubt lol
Jess (whoozica): 👀
Jess (whoozica): You get away this time oh my animeeeee
Anna (Cadmium): tread lightly, oh my animeeeee  you have been granted one (1) second chance
Anna (Cadmium): all i can say is
Georgia (Something Sensible): _fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, SHAME ON YOU_
Anna (Cadmium): we better all stay out of illegal things and murder can you imagine. The investigation. 
"Seems their last contact was slut_for_todoroki and hentailuverrrrr69 lets track em down"
Anna (Cadmium): *fool me thrice, yer dead*
