Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm a dork and every time I listen to Path to Isolation I imagine my D&D charactet playing it on the Violin
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And she's basically Weiss to a degree whoops
Anna (Cadmium): one thing i realized is that energy drink companies sponsor literally anyone and i just realized ive never seen a cosplayer sponsored by an energy drink?
Marisa (Mawisa): They give out energy drinks at bigger cons, like anime expo once had 5-hour-energy drinks in the free baggies included with the program
Marisa (Mawisa): Maybe they don’t partner with cosplayers because of the potential copyright involved with using characters? The cosplayer would need to make an original character for the drink to cosplay
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That would make sense
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'd fucking cosplay my D&D character promoting monster
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Though people might think I'm Jester or something
Anna (Cadmium): yea no i mean ive seen them hand out drinks but like even the cosplayer themselves i dont see them promote. actually i see one twitch streamer/cosplayer doing GFuel but like. thats not really what it is. 
But like considering they give frat guys the ability to promote and those have incredible copywright behind letters.... 
~~basically what im saying is monster needs to sponsor me just so i can have free drinks cause at $4 a pop monster aint cheap~~
Anna (Cadmium): https://i.imgur.com/CDqTOKd.gifv
This might be it. this might be what makes me buy a 3D printer
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh my god
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what the fuck
Anna (Cadmium): 3d printed chainmail be like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats so satisfying
Anna (Cadmium): ~~it was on engineering porn on reddit~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): welp... gonna test that on our 3D printer at some point...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:45203
Anna (Cadmium): i need the government to open so mag can go use the FDA's printers to make me things
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): hhhhh i need one now
Anna (Cadmium): we need a communal workshop gfdi
Anna (Cadmium): but also i need a printer
Anna (Cadmium): i dont have a printer printer. but i need a 3d printer
Erik (Red Riot Thot): same
Erik (Red Riot Thot): have you started looking into printers as all?
Anna (Cadmium): not really. i only had experience with uhhhhhhhhhh. apparently i cant remember the type the school had. It was a heated base one
Anna (Cadmium): Lulzbot i think
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I really don't have a whole lot of experience but heated beds are supposedly very helpful. Ours at work had a heated bed
Anna (Cadmium): yeah i had terrible luck with it but also had no idea what i was doing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ours is a Lulzbot
Mark (Mad Doctor): I've got a friend who did that. You can also use a laser cutter to cut mdf wood to similar effect.  My chain shirt cost $150 for comparison
Mark (Mad Doctor): Took three tries to convince the manufacturer that I wasn't a gnome or a hobbit
Anna (Cadmium): lmao. cosplay, finding new  uses for things since weebs existed.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Me, earlier today: wow this is the longest my hair has been since high school, I kinda like it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nice!
Georgia (Something Sensible): Me, 2 minutes later: gets hair caught in armpit while trying to turn head and gives myself whiplash
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof
Georgia (Something Sensible): _no pain no gain_
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And that’s how punchlines work.
Georgia (Something Sensible): In high school it was pretty long so I’m actually curious how long it is now
Georgia (Something Sensible): _imma measure_
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ve usually kept my hair a medium length so it’s easier to take care of and I think it gives me a more professional vibe but like....... fuck it lol
Anna (Cadmium): honestly it looks good long on you. im debating cutting mine though its getting annoying
Georgia (Something Sensible): How shorter 👀👀
Anna (Cadmium): ~~easier for wig cap shorter~~ idk im like torn. i want. to keep it this length and get it thinned so i can use it for one specific cosplay. the other half of me is like CHOP IT OFF
Georgia (Something Sensible): Idk fam with wig caps, two braids can really condense that hair under
Georgia (Something Sensible): Even thicc hair
Georgia (Something Sensible): Braids are powerful
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thinning tho, layers? 10/10 would recommend
Anna (Cadmium): my head is so ROUND though so braids just make me lumpy
Jess (whoozica): the only 2 lengths i ever want are mad short and long long
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i cant french braid my hair pls shame me~~
Jess (whoozica): i cant frenchbraid either!
Anna (Cadmium): ~~my little braids it for me for toracon~~
Jess (whoozica): i usually just do 2 pig tails
Anna (Cadmium): my head be rotund tho
Anna (Cadmium): and wide. and then i look lumpy
Jess (whoozica): i used to do a pony tail but georgia taught me da way
Anna (Cadmium): OwO show me de wey pls
Jess (whoozica): ho do you put it in wig right now?
Anna (Cadmium): uhhhh ususally braiding two pigtails n then snakin them around my head. actually its been better to just braid on one side of my head everything and then wrap it on the underside of my skull
Georgia (Something Sensible): _da way_
Anna (Cadmium): does that make georgia the queen
Georgia (Something Sensible): The queen of breaking physics to fit so much hair in such a small space
Anna (Cadmium): is that why you studied it
Anna (Cadmium): so u could break it
Jess (whoozica): oo das what i do! sept i dont braid it
Anna (Cadmium): too thick not to braid for me
Anna (Cadmium): lets hope i never have to get a bald cap on my head
Anna (Cadmium): ~~ditches Angel cosplay cause last time i just shaved half my head~~
Jess (whoozica): mine just end up in this little like sack a the bottom of my head
Jess (whoozica): but u cant see it with the wiggy on
Anna (Cadmium): yes i too hide voldemort
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I should not pack a lunch on Fridays more often because my boss is taking me and another coworker out to lunch <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I was just going to get Wawa but like, a nice seafood place on the company card works too
Georgia (Something Sensible): Has anyone watches The Good Place? I’ve been watching it between internship applications and it’s so good omg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yeee
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i love janet
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg yes
Marisa (Mawisa): I’ve seen a little of it. I like the censorship.
Marisa (Mawisa): and the silent monk boyfriend guy. It’s been a long time tho.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I have.
Georgia (Something Sensible): They’re still cleaning out the Christmas stuff at my CVS
Georgia (Something Sensible): So the 4 dollar face masks are now 40 cents
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i got 8_
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oh.shit
