Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ......his phone lock is leanna
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): End me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ew
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ???
Jess (whoozica): OMG I REMEMBER THAT
Jess (whoozica): I thought of you XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): JEEZ THANKS LMAO
Jess (whoozica): you're the only leanna i know XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Apparently I'm the "other girl" in this show
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oof
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *You're not there yet*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok but I'm glad
Georgia (Something Sensible): i just remembered i had a weird dream last night where someone tried to tell me that NASA stood for National Aero Space  Army and i got really really angry at them
Georgia (Something Sensible): like "no its National Aeronautical Space Administration you CUCK"
Marisa (Mawisa): that's what they want you to think
Georgia (Something Sensible): CVS sells face masks and because a certain type has snowman’s on them, they went in the Christmas clearance section
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ya gurl got 3 face masks that are usually 4 dollars each for 75 cents each UMPH
Georgia (Something Sensible): So if anyone else is lookin to relax <:fingerguns:453385855470534657> CVS
Anna (Cadmium): I usually do Marshalls. But. I should hit up cvs
Anna (Cadmium): We all need to do a terrible stereotypical sleepover at some point. Like. Glitter face masks and nail painting included
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm down
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes
Anna (Cadmium): Lit
Georgia (Something Sensible): HELL YES
Anna (Cadmium): I will warn. I can barely braid my own hair so I'm not gonna be able to do anyone's in anything cute BUT I am GREAT at doing nail art on other people
Georgia (Something Sensible): TREAT 👏  YO 👏 SELF 👏
Anna (Cadmium): I have the Tony moly bubble face mask and honestly. A great indulgence
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I don't even know how to braid hair. Thus is why someone else always has to do my Ed wig... also rip me if I ever have a daughter who asks me to do so XDD
Georgia (Something Sensible): I can braid hair but i cant paint nails well
Georgia (Something Sensible): we all bring somethin to the table lmao
Anna (Cadmium): I can braid I can't braid hair tho lmfao
Anna (Cadmium): Yessss. Too many nail art vidos has given me skill
Anna (Cadmium): Like. Will do mini art on nails
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was a tomboy growing up so anything super girly... pfftt. I probs just learned it i the past 10, if not less than that years XD
Anna (Cadmium): My hair was never long enough to braid tbh. I got really good at making those friendship bracelets tho
Anna (Cadmium): And I'm good at making Kandi SOOOOOO if I randomly gift Kandi. It's cause I got bored
Anna (Cadmium): Those beaded bracelets with words ppl wear
Anna (Cadmium): I realize not everyone knows what tf I mean
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yess Kandi! I always wanted to make those lol
Anna (Cadmium): U Kno this means I bring my supplies to next event I see you at right
Anna (Cadmium): I have a secret foolproof way to make sure you don't drop any beads when you're threading them on the cord
Georgia (Something Sensible): theres always the sleepover after cosplay ice skating 👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~which will thankfully be much much smaller than new years lol~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay good that's still happening. I was gonna check in this week to make sure lol.
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah man anyone who wants to bring supplies and sleep over the night of the 12th we gonna have a workshop day the 12th
Anna (Cadmium): I am. Interested. However I was gonna bring boy and friend to skating so idk we old
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeet
Anna (Cadmium): Does workshop mean cry while katsucrunch
Georgia (Something Sensible): y E A H
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Katsucry
Georgia (Something Sensible): skate & ~~cry~~ crunch
Georgia (Something Sensible): i also figured if we stayed in cosplay (assuming everyone is a normal human being and wears somethin comfy to skating) we could bake cookies and shit too
Georgia (Something Sensible): like the rwby sleepvoer
Georgia (Something Sensible): _bakugo baking cookies_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🍪
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😏
Anna (Cadmium): I am bring bf and one of best friends  to skate so idt I can sleepover but we will Kandi another time. When less stress
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'll be sure to wear my "let's get baked" socks
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *bakugou exploding cookies when they come out burnt*
Anna (Cadmium): Omfg I better see pics of that
Anna (Cadmium): Bakugo tryna light the oven via explosion.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma being Denki~
Georgia (Something Sensible): bakugo, kiri, denki, and ochako baking cookies
Georgia (Something Sensible): _classic_
Anna (Cadmium): Bakugo being mad the cookie dough sticks to everything
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): This is why I'm bakugo
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *kiri taste testing cookies to make sure they're not poisoned*
Georgia (Something Sensible): _he gotta check every cookie tho_
Anna (Cadmium): Someone forgets to grease tray resulting in angry bakugo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Denki: Short circuiting shit, messing up the baking process
Erik (Red Riot Thot): This is where we need a Sato cosplayer
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): KIRISHIMA STOP FUCKING LICKING ALL THE COOKIES
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WE MADE THEM FROM SCRATCH
Georgia (Something Sensible): denki thinks he can bake cookies by electrocuting them, _he is wrong_
Anna (Cadmium): Denki: accidentally kills the electric oven
Georgia (Something Sensible): we gotta do the matching aprons again
Georgia (Something Sensible): yall know i got like 10 aprons
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Omg yes LMAOOOOO
Georgia (Something Sensible): BAKUGO GETS THE LACY ONE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Wonders if I could convince Matt to be Sato at some point... hmmm~ 🤔
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): For my explodive patreon set
Anna (Cadmium): Do it
Georgia (Something Sensible): rebecca you need the "keep calm and carrot on" one
Georgia (Something Sensible): _who gets the cowboy one_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Kiri
Anna (Cadmium): I'm sorry I need that apron for personal use
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Kiri for sure
Anna (Cadmium): But also the 'please do nothing to the chef' apron RT has.
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think i have a pink one with poodles on it for ochako
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg u right
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Cowboys are manly 🤠
Georgia (Something Sensible): COWMEN
Anna (Cadmium): Save a horse
Georgia (Something Sensible): pleasE CAN WE DO THAT like bakugos like "Youre not a fucking cowboy" and kiris like, "youre right im a cowman"
Anna (Cadmium): 😏
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao Matt jsut Dm'ed me and I panicked thing he was calling me out for trying to convince him to cosplay more things XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): YES
Marisa (Mawisa): Is this for the slumber party this weekend?
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEEEE
Georgia (Something Sensible): mawisa did you wanna come? you are obviously invited 🙏
Anna (Cadmium): I will need pics of this cause I will be a sad person with obligations Sunday AM on the island 
I demand pictures
Anna (Cadmium): I have this island
Georgia (Something Sensible): i thought about total drama island at first i shit you not
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD Total Drama Island... omg
Marisa (Mawisa): I do!! I’d like to bring Tsuyu but I don’t think I’ll be able to make it because family breakfast early next day. But thank you!!
Anna (Cadmium): That would be more interesting tbh
Anna (Cadmium): Long island is so. Flat
Tom (tomukuncosplay): *kero*
Anna (Cadmium): I hate it here
Anna (Cadmium): I wanna move to PA or downstate NY where there's a good stormwater management system 

Save meeeee
Georgia (Something Sensible): it okay marisa, we save you cookie
Anna (Cadmium): I need a roommate and to move  for August so like if you know any other person unfortunate enough to be on this island
Georgia (Something Sensible): 1 react = 1 cookie for marisa
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Unfortunate enough.. oof XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): a roommate on total drama island
Marisa (Mawisa): Replace my blood with sugar
Anna (Cadmium): No Carl that kills people
Anna (Cadmium): Goodnight friens I am in need of the sleep
Georgia (Something Sensible): goodnight you have the sleep
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What is this...sleep you speak of 🤔 lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): enjoy the sleep... on TOTAL. DRAMA. ISLAND.
Georgia (Something Sensible): honestly im just now having dinner
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof a mood of forgetting to eat...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I did the same today. I skipped any food until dinner time.. Somehow I survived without feeling sick for oncelol
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mean to be fair i was getting my internship paperwork together all day, finished editting that vlog, did some chores, talked to the boy <:lenny:456549338026344489>, and now im talkin to my favorite people ❤
Georgia (Something Sensible): so its expected that i would accidentally delay dinner this late...
Georgia (Something Sensible): AND I BOUGHT THE MASKS that too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I read that as talked to A boy... and I was like woah... What happened to Noah XDD Woops. I was worried for a bit lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And yeeee favorite people ❤
Georgia (Something Sensible): rebecca plz
Georgia (Something Sensible): you know i would never
Georgia (Something Sensible): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You right. :p 
My mind was just being dumb and totally misread it. I was like ahh whattt
Georgia (Something Sensible): aight maybe for jess i would do it
Georgia (Something Sensible): but only if noah and tom said ok LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): i ordered so much cosplay stuff today too tbh
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof what a productive day for waking up at noon
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Agreed! I accidentally slept till noon as well but managed to get most of scythe pole painted, Ikuno clip done minus clip, half of Ikuno wig done and some nice time with mom~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I want to get more done tomorrow though. Soo gonna force myself up early no matter what. Trying to get as much as I can done on these days off until school starts again in 2 weeks
Georgia (Something Sensible): GG REBECCA
Georgia (Something Sensible): YOU SMASH THAT CRONCH
Georgia (Something Sensible): i should see how many people are actually sleeping over after ice skating oop
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Most of my crunch is just buying stuff 🤷 But I can only buy so much in one go. Gotta budget myself lol.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I did manage to buy my formal dress today too! Forgot about that lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): ooooooooooooo ~~so formal dress denki right~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sadly naaah.I went with the flapper dress for Shinoa~ It was the more expensive one but I couldn't resist it's pretty-ness
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~sheenwa~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD Yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): true, pretty-ness is but a mighty force
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Vintage styled dress too is a weakness~. I love vintage clothing styles :3
Georgia (Something Sensible): are you going to that lobby party thursday night? its 1920s themed
Georgia (Something Sensible): i want to go but thats valentines so im just like GUESS ILL DIE
Georgia (Something Sensible): i feel you tho im a slut for the 1950s dresses
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I want too. I'll be in Ikuno for that group shoot though soo we shall see. Most likely not though cause have plans for boudior shooting later that night too possibly with the girls lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): OOOO SO EXCITING
Georgia (Something Sensible): i saw you were buying that good good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Plan to do some for myself but also mostly just shoot the girls in theres. Mess with my new camera some more lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): its like, a whole nother level of feeling confident
Georgia (Something Sensible): like i feel confident wearing my galaxy leggings cause i know it makes my ass out of this world (PUN INTENDED) but lingerie is just................. wowee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm not confident to do it at all but we gonna give it a shot finally. If I don't like how I look, I won't post it. But what also make me a bit more comfortable to do it is I'll be with the girls who will make sure I look good and give me confidence to do it~ :3
Georgia (Something Sensible): DM me what you got again? i remember it was a black two piece but im curious how it looks
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee I will~
Georgia (Something Sensible): im really curious to know your thoughts on it too cause im curious
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dont have any personal interest but like i see a lotta peeps making the jump to boudoir
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I didn't have a interest until recent. I figured it'd be neat to try out for once. If I don't like it, won't do it again. If I do... then hey XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mentioned it to my mom today figuring she'd flip and she was like are you doing it too? And when I said yea she was like okay, and was giving me advice on how to feel more confident.. XD So like...cool? Lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): mom of the year
Georgia (Something Sensible): i told my mom that jessica nigri makes 200k on cosplay and she was like "oh you could be like her!"
Georgia (Something Sensible): and then i showed her jessica nigri and she was like "... physics is good too"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): physics is good too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XDD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oof
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah my mom thinks pyrrha is racey
Georgia (Something Sensible): and im like _oh it could be so much more_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh yeaaa. There is much more racey stuff out there to be cosplayed lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): [takes off one shinguard] how do you like me now jaune
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Georgia (Something Sensible): [takes off arm band] what about NOW
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~[gets shot with arrow] oof too far~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OMG
Georgia (Something Sensible): alrightly im gonna at least pretend to sleep now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hmm.. I should try to sleep too since want to be up by 9... but ehh
Georgia (Something Sensible): in reality ill probably listen to the "into the spiderverse" soundtrack for like 20 mins and browse reddit but im gonna at least lay in bed lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://giphy.com/gifs/starwars-star-wars-episode-3-3o84sw9CmwYpAnRRni
Rebecca (madameterralupus): > Me: Imma sleep
> Me: Lays in bed for 2 more hours watching TikToks and instastories... sometimes playing games too
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I feel that in my soul
Georgia (Something Sensible): you got WERK to do
Georgia (Something Sensible): so you got SLEEP to do
Georgia (Something Sensible): anyways peace
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nighttt~
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://i.gifer.com/L8cd.gif
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://giphy.com/gifs/love-couple-monster-u8PnFQdDTglXi
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I may or may not have packed a jello shot into my lunch
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Startin' the day off right
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Man that’s a good idea.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I shouldve taken some of those jello shots....
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Shots in the morning? How dare what a grand idea.
Marisa (Mawisa): 10pm time to get melodramatic and overemotional over manga in my instagram story
Marisa (Mawisa): do you think someone gets paid at Instagram© HQ™ to just sit and watch stories all day
Anna (Cadmium): I am sad. I. Worked so hard to get us to not need a variance on this project and. 
We just added a concrete pad. Now we need that variance back.
Marisa (Mawisa): oo where was the talk about expensive shipping
just found an old box from when my aunt and uncle sent me socks for my birthday. 2 pairs of socks cost $23 to ship.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😰  yikes
Jamie (Jamie): Bad design choices were made by someone somewhere
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jess (whoozica): OOF
Jess (whoozica): no nonnonono
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what the hell LMAO what does that even say
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yikes
Jamie (Jamie): Yea and theyre getting a bunch printed on that same style color shirt
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOF
Jess (whoozica): ~~it says "legibility"~~
Jess (whoozica): are they sure they wanna do that? XD
Anna (Cadmium): I see Zee Bait Co
Jamie (Jamie): Also printing on green camo as well to add to bad for eyes
Anna (Cadmium): after much head turning
Jamie (Jamie): Yup thats the name some new company that is gonna die cause theyre shirts ruin ppls eyes
Anna (Cadmium): they wont even notice it has words
Anna (Cadmium): like itll just be those ppl with the gray jackets
Jess (whoozica): this should be in a text book under "examples of what not to do"
Anna (Cadmium): graphic design is my passion
Jamie (Jamie): It really should be and i have my skills in design and i've seen bad logos since working here but this is the worst combo yet
Jamie (Jamie): Screenprinting and embroidery company is where i work*
Jess (whoozica): i cant wait for them to complain and then u can be like "welp thats what you ordered sorry"
Jamie (Jamie): This is the other patterned shirt having this printed but larger scale on it
Jamie (Jamie): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): lol
Jamie (Jamie): Pfft
Anna (Cadmium): so are u the friend i need to make that has an embroidery machine 
or is it a service place i can get custom stuff at
cause i need both either way
Jamie (Jamie): Custom stuff shop where im just a shop assistant (and quitting soon lol) but can give you name of place it's in Hatfield,PA lol
Jess (whoozica): so for some reason if i eat peanut butter in the morning i get all shakey prob cuz my blood sugar goes up. why did i do this to myself
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...did they make penny a ginger because shes a robot and has no soul
Anna (Cadmium): i miss my ginger hair\
Jamie (Jamie): The camo one doesnt look terrible but its not great either lol
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): This still hurts tho
Jess (whoozica): yikes
Jess (whoozica): the camo is ok at least u can read it the gey just looks like a staticy tube tv
Jamie (Jamie): Double sin given for bad shirt period.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: <@227431823062466569> you stopped in DE and didnt hmu I'm much sad
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): That’s cause he likes me better 😝
ZombieHunter: blame meg
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I do
ZombieHunter: You should. I assumed you were gonna be there
ZombieHunter: 😂😂😂
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I had to give up my car to my little sister
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Ew no Hal’s gross why would I allow him in my house
ZombieHunter: Aw
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I had no transport lol
ZombieHunter: You right. I bet he’s the one who peed the carpet
ZombieHunter: :3
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Ew you peed on the carpet?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Yall are gross nevermind
ZombieHunter: I heard you did hal
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I'm glad you didnt come over to say hi
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I have to clean my cats litter box enough I'm not clean your mess
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): It’s ok hunter just made out with Kiera the whole time he was over
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Lol she must have been happy
ZombieHunter: She kept trying to clean my nose
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): She gets frisked
ZombieHunter: Lol
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): KONOSUBA WAS CONFIRMED FOR A DUB
Erik (Red Riot Thot): YESSSSS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Also, any more news on the movie?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: HELL YES
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Late 2019 I believe?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Also shield hero is getting a sub and I'm pumped
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): 
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: WAIT WAT
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: SOLDIER DADDY IS GAY
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: HELL YES
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Someone mentioned it in their story and I had to double check. It’s legit
Anna (Cadmium): this only fuels my ships
Anna (Cadmium): this also hella puts more grounds forard for reaper76
Anna (Cadmium): also like.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: HES GAYYYYY
Anna (Cadmium): this makes the top 2 poster characters gay
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: GAY AND EUROPEAN
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Idk if he's european
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: but his boi probably is
Anna (Cadmium): hes from like.
Anna (Cadmium): a corn state
Anna (Cadmium): INDIANA
Anna (Cadmium): THATS WHERE
Anna (Cadmium): youd think that was ingrained in my head from junkenstein dialogue
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: HE IS SO GAY THE BIG PARFAIT 
HE'S A FLAMING ONE MAN CABARET
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Bless blizzard for this
Mark (Mad Doctor): The other takeaway from that Overwatch story: Ana now has a furry skin
Anna (Cadmium): Didn't she already
Anna (Cadmium): With the owl thing
