Tom (tomukuncosplay): WEclap HOMEclap BOIS
Georgia (Something Sensible): Someone messaging me: hi you’re a cosplayer so I need some advice, how do I put a zipper in a blazer without sewing?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Me: uhhh hot glue???????
Mark (Mad Doctor): What other answer would they expect a cosplayer to give?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fabric glue might work too?
Jess (whoozica): Fuse the fibers with sheer willpower
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Be Best Jeanist
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Why does Roy Rogers exist? I stopped at a rest stop on the turnpike to get food and I typically avoid Roy Rogers because I know it's garbage but I was craving chicken tenders so I got some. 
To begin, there was no one waiting by the register to take anyone's order for a good couple of minutes. There was only one guy in front of me but like, it took a while for anyone to take my order
The woman who took my order looked like she just didn't give a shit about anything (which is understandable for someone working at a rest stop Roy Rogers)
But their menu is such a ripoff because they don't have any combo meals so you have to buy your fries and drink separately so my 3 piece tenders with regular fry and drink was like $10. 
I ordered curly fries but she rung it up as regular and then asked if I ordered curly and I said yes. So she corrects it by writing "curly" on the receipt that she hands to me. 
Employees in the back appear to just be standing around so getting my order took lyr a good 5 or so minutes. They weren't even busy. 
I get my order and they have me regular fries (because the collection didn't make it to my order ticket 🙄 ) but I'm too lazy to make a fuss about it. 
So like, my already very low expectations of Roy Rogers got even lower today.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea dude Roy Roger's is trash lmao
Mark (Mad Doctor): Once upon a time, dear children, before the halcyon days of In'n'Out, Five Guys, and Shake Shack, Roy Rogers towered above Clown and King alike in the burger market. We younglings gazed in awe at the fixins bar and fried chicken options. These days, Roy's is but a shadow of what once was, meager outposts of greasy protein relegated to seedy turnpike rest stops.  Judge the franchise for the post-apocalyptic ruin it has become, but remember its glory days as well
Mark (Mad Doctor): (Press F to pay respects)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea Roy Rogers is P bad....
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Apparently RWBY Vol 5 soundtrack is now up on Spotify
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ <@!386874959009415170>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Jeez finally
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Lol
