Erik (Red Riot Thot): MM doesn't want me to play again because it's not letting me open up any the chat :(
Jess (whoozica): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Marisa (Mawisa): Did you start a new game already?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And I figured out what was wrong
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I never did the first one 😑
Marisa (Mawisa): First what?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The first chat after the beginning chat
Marisa (Mawisa): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So i'm now 3 chats behind
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Might as well start over again
Marisa (Mawisa): Start at midnight!
Marisa (Mawisa): If you start now you’d miss those chats again
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh true
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): How considerate
Georgia (Something Sensible): THE ROOMIES GOT BOYF APPROVAL
Georgia (Something Sensible): GEORGIA DOESNT HAVE GARBO ROOMIES NEXT YEAR HUZZAH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YAYAYAYAYAY
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wooo!!!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~and he didn't have to pull his hunger game stunts on them.~~
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Understandable
ZombieHunter: https://roosterteeth.com/post/51982081
ZombieHunter: Vic fired from RT >.>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wow happened sooner than expected
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oof
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I'm proud of RT for this

But Qrow is my fav character so I'm concerned he's gonna get written off like Glynda
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Hire <@!276514872286773258> as Qrow
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YES THATS WHAY IVE BEEN SAYING
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hire my bf plz
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Let 👏 Chris 👏 be 👏 Qrow 👏
Matt (mattmyers25): The problem is I see is how will they treat his character
ZombieHunter: IMO
ZombieHunter: If their opinion and stance is strong
ZombieHunter: Qrow will stay. But they will replace Vic to remind him he’s not irreplaceable
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’m assuming this means Qrow is dying very early on in the next season
ZombieHunter: Not necessarily.
ZombieHunter: Consider Monty died and neath took that spot
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea idk if they will kill him off early because of this
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Bit of a different situation though
ZombieHunter: Qrow is an important character. Enough that he was originally to be voiced by Monty before he died.
ZombieHunter: I doubt they’ll kill him off
Matt (mattmyers25): This is true. I just dont want qrow to be written out like glynda was
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Yee
ZombieHunter: He’s too important. Glynda wasn’t significant enough
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But I do feel Qrow is too important to br killed off *yet*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Glynda was not important though theres a difference there
ZombieHunter: Qrow has bigger standing
Matt (mattmyers25): This is true
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): She wasnt a main character
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ye Glynda was just... threre
Mark (Mad Doctor): Wish she had been more. She was a fun character
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea she had a cool design too but oh well
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah that's my fear but I also know RT will find a good replacement 

If not Chris, D.C Douglas
Matt (mattmyers25): It will be interesting to see where the series goes from here. I'm just worried since I'm cosplaying qrow at katsu, I might get flack for cosplaying him
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nahh I don't think you will. It's the VA, not the chara
Evie (Katheryne Knight): NOOOOOOOOOOOOPE the character isn't the VA
Matt (mattmyers25): Get troy Baker or the guy who voices Tom from toonami to voice qrow
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Eyyyy
Im never active and im sorry but would it be okay if I asked ya'll to give this post some love? 

Im gonna actually try giving this a full shot even though theres no chance xD


Check out @GeneralOnyx’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/GeneralOnyx/status/1092602606051037184?s=09
Evie (Katheryne Knight): don't throw away your shot 

Don't be a Burr, sir.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): As we learned from me with arryn IT NEVER HURTS TO TRY
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ^^^^^^
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👆🏻👆🏻
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Retweeted, signal BOOST
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Ya'll are the best

Someone yell at me to be active here more
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Now be more active here man 😂
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): BOOOOOST
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Honestly, that would be kind of a neat thing if they opened up auditions for prospective voice actors/actresses in the community rather than looking for an expensive professional
Chris (GeneralOnyx): ^^
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm it would be. Give people trying to come up into the career a chance
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Im convinced they already have someone in mind
Georgia (Something Sensible): what makes you think that?
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Idk
Usually a production company rhat large has backups berore they make those calls

Especially if they are confident it wont cause issues
Erik (Red Riot Thot): True, but I also feel that in light of recent events, they may have wanted to cut those ties asap before it became more of a scandal. They have plenty of time before they get to recording lines, plus it's animated so he can still be in the scene without actually speaking
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Don't let your dreams be dreams
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://giphy.com/gifs/ACcXRXwUqJ6Ok
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You've got this hunny 💓💓💓
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fun fact, when I was 9, I heard a rumor that Dan Radcliffe wasn't going to be continuing doing Harry Potter after Chamber of Secrets, so I contacting Scholastic (because that's where you could send fanmail to J.K. Rowling) and they replied saying that they're not involved with the movies, but they gave me the contact info for Warner Bros, soooo... doesn't hurt to at least try my dude
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Um. Guys.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): A fucking bee company left a message on our last post.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH MY GOD YOUVE BEEN CHOSEN
Anna (loud and likely blonde): BNE sponsored by save the bees?
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Unbeelievable
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *what do I say*
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): A bee pun
Anna (loud and likely blonde): HALP
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Message them and see what's up
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): You can do it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm not mentally prepared rn. Should I wait til tomorrow
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea I dont think the timing matters to much with these companies ngl
Anna (loud and likely blonde): MESSAGE SENT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): She responded but my insta is weird and isn't loading so
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Tomorrow it is
Georgia (Something Sensible): whoa
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats so cool
Georgia (Something Sensible): _BNE sponsored by BEES_
Georgia (Something Sensible): well, socks and bees
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Literally like. 
This would be hysterical
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I can't wait to explain bees to them
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Be like. 
So. Their colors are black and yellow so when they're together we can them bees. 

Also I'mma throw in how much we do love saving the bees. 
Can that be our philanthropy. 
Donating to bees
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also Pasquale is passed out on my bed snoring
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Save the bees with Bees
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like honestly
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Bee boudoir
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Lewd
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Beedoir
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): But for a cause
Jess (whoozica): Idk where to put dis but GUYS 😭 I'm crying
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww lookit her wittle face
Jamie (Jamie): Awww baby
Jess (whoozica): RWBY reference doggo 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Get her a little costume!
Jamie (Jamie): https://www.instagram.com/p/Btd3T5mA7jY/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=6tbx2uscebgb
Jamie (Jamie): Good advise cupcake is my spirit animal
you want fucking rwby chibi?: BeeNE
Marisa (Mawisa): Five minutes till midnight rev up those mystic messengers
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Was going to ask if you still were lol
Marisa (Mawisa): OwO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): In Deep mode, can you only go Jumin/707 or is it cumulative and you can get the first three as well?
Marisa (Mawisa): Only Jumin or 707
Marisa (Mawisa): If you try to go for any of the others you’ll get a bad or neutral ending on day 5
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ah ok
Marisa (Mawisa): Day 4*
My discord app is acting really weird idk if the edit went through
Marisa (Mawisa): O there it goes
Marisa (Mawisa): And it is just about midnight
Here we go
Marisa (Mawisa): It begins
Georgia (Something Sensible): is a dog ever so cute that you just cry
Georgia (Something Sensible): that pupper is so precious
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Holy shit you have so many hearts and hourglasses
Mark (Mad Doctor): Happy Year of the Pig!  How appropriate for Vic...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): psa the rwby varsity jerseys are half off again
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My prof is wearing Mario socks XD
Marisa (Mawisa): One of my professors wouldn’t wear socks on test days because the sock gnomes in the loft would steal his socks and only our good grades could get them back
Anna (loud and likely blonde): are you okay
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like in the most general sense of the word
Mark (Mad Doctor): <@245270932602486784> Do you know Prof. Erica Dunbar from the history Dept.? I'm hosting her visit to my school today. She's giving talks on an enslaved person owned by George Washington who ran away
Georgia (Something Sensible): I don’t know of her, but I’m proud to hear that Rutgers staffers are talking about cool stuff!
Marisa (Mawisa): google why does my stomach hurt when I’ve been eating a balanced diet of chocolate and fruit roll ups all day
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That doesn't sound like a good tasting combination lol
Marisa (Mawisa): Not at the same time
I savor them like a gourmet connoisseur
Marisa (Mawisa): Sometimes I do the tongue tattoos
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I feel these are robot responses. Sad.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i wanted free bee stuff~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): this doesnt look like free bee stuff
Rebecca (madameterralupus): FreeBee~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fuck it ill make my own bee stuff lmfao
Marisa (Mawisa): You’ll make your *own* bee stuff. With yuri and dad jokes.
Georgia (Something Sensible): No FreeBees? Wtf
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Charlotte Russe is going bankrupt go stockpile boots while u can
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is there a sale
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😮
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Probs? Idk
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I mean most of those "message us to be a promoter" comments are all bots, so I'm not surprised
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Really? I usually get real ppl
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO NVM just got another bot. 
I can tell it's a bot bc. This is the second time they've talked. The first time was a person to be fair
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm breaking my no alchohol till katsu cause I gotta cel shade these pants. 
My best shading is done when I am not sober.
