Jess (whoozica): Calloit post for <@351785752197201920>  it is the year of our Lord 2019 and he's still theorizing about season 2 of code geass.
Jess (whoozica): It ended 10 years ago y'all
Tom (tomukuncosplay): **I MUST**
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): 😂😂😂 can ya blame him though? Zero is hella cryptic
Jess (whoozica): You know the typical pics you see if couple's where they are sitting on the porch together? That's gonna be us but instead of talking about the weather or some shit its  just gonna be Tom giving me his code geass theories and headcanons.
Jess (whoozica): Thanks ok though, more interesting then whatever old people are supposed to talk about
Erik (Red Riot Thot): What'll be even better is when he's old and senile and starts mixing up his anime
Jess (whoozica): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Tom (tomukuncosplay): REMEMBER WHEN KANEKI MIDORIYA CHAN VISITED LELOUCH YAGAMI IN THE SHADOW REALM? HAHAHA BLACK BUTLER IS THE BEST RIGHT?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): GIRL I FEEL THIS. THAT'S ME AND CHRIS TALKING ABOUT MHA AND OUR D&D CHARACTERS
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m watching a show where Lucifer just threw out guys man pairs of crocs. “There’s only one part of your body that you should have rubber on”

I felt offended *for* Erik.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Ranting for an hour about anything I'm passionate about. You all know that mood im sure <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (Cadmium): http://thechive.com/2018/01/18/party-where-every-guest-gives-a-drunken-powerpoint-presentation-is-amazing-idea/
we should do this
Anna (Cadmium): but like everyone consume mountain dew first
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That awkward moment when Arryn makes an Insta post mentioning her ED and your first thought is "erectile dysfunction" instead of "eating disorder"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i would but i might choke on my own saliva again
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): dsuiflashdfjklh
Anna (Cadmium): ok u can avoid drinking the dew
o no
Anna (Cadmium): or u can be the host leanna lol\
Anna (Cadmium): we make the attire mandatory kigus
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~Leanna make your Wonderful Wizard of Remnant presentation~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH SHIT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i could
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): except that would be like 3 hours long
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not 3 mins
Anna (Cadmium): u get more time if u willing to drink to buy more time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok ill drink more
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and the theory will get longer and longer and everyone will be dead from alcohol poisoning
Anna (Cadmium): i accept this
Anna (Cadmium): if you can put up with my borderlands heavy metal poisoning presentation
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): hell yea
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im down
Anna (Cadmium): looking for a kigu rn
what holiday we doin this for bois
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Make sure to hydrate
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So drink Pura Still™
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YES
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh ye. I just remembered my dream last night was the finale of bees fight. Ended with a double ping from both of them, knocking him off a cliff. There were multiple times it was “just as Leanna predicted”.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im glad youre having bee dreams bill
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): This is entirely your fault.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you're welcome!
Mark (Mad Doctor): I work at a prep school where seniors at this time of year openly talk about their ED's. I have to remind myself that they're talking about Early Decision college applications
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~oh jeez~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): imagine three people talking about their ED but they're all talking about a different ED
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and how confused they are
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And one of them is named Ed
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I believe that show is called Ed edd and eddy.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Mark (Mad Doctor): Spidey trailer dropped
https://youtu.be/DYYtuKyMtY8
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So I forgot I have off next Monday gonna make it a hefty cosolay work day
Jess (whoozica): DO IT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm SO CLOSE
Literally 2 details on the coat and boot covers 

Then onto fixing up Chris's qrow outfit
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And styling his wig
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And practicing make up 

Then onto starting Zenkaikon projects
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Anna (Cadmium): qrow makeup is like. put makeup on. rub eyes. wipe until you look like 2008 brendon urie
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not gonna lie, its a good look
Anna (Cadmium): i read way too much of this 'qrow was in an emo band' fic and like. cant unsee
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Was his band name "The Black Qrows" or "Counting Qrows"?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Sheryl Qrow
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It would be great if Chris actually S T A Y E D S T I L L
Evie (Katheryne Knight): he's super twitchy
Evie (Katheryne Knight): VERY twitchy
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Doing Roman make up on him was a nightmare
Anna (Cadmium): how did you even manage that
Anna (Cadmium): esp bc roman has that one random lower eyelash a la clockwork orange
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I strattled him while he was on a chair and we did it one stroke at a time
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Out of context that message sounds lewd
Dizzy: https://68.media.tumblr.com/c292dc288ec9bedb4fb7f2528c410a41/tumblr_ootvlcfBh31twgfw0o2_540.gif
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): !lewd
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I gave him a fidget cube fir his ADHD specifically so he has something to distract him so he doesn't go into panic mode
Evie (Katheryne Knight): GOOD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He hates his eyes being touched but he lets me do it cause he trusts me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fidget cubes are neato
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I recently got one and it helps me stay awake during night drives
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OOF
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean thats good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but yike
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's actually a really good way to keep your brain awake and occupied 

It helps Chris focus
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): maybe i should use mine
Anna (Cadmium): interesting. 
is he just bad at doing makeup himself and thats why you do it or is it like he doesnt like touching his own face either?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He can't do make up on himself
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He only does it does it for cosolay
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He lets me wax his eyebrows too XD
Mark (Mad Doctor): My sympathies to Chris. I hate having anything near my eyes. One more reason I've never worn contacts
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He also does hatw touching his face. He can't even get water in his eyes it bothers him that much. It makes him panicked
Anna (Cadmium): It does take hella getting used to 
Aw my sympathies to him thats gotta be hard
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It is
But we have a system which is how we can pull it off
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i couldnt do eyeliner for an embarrassign amount of time because i didnt like things near my eyes either so i feel that
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I suck at eyeliner 
It doesn't help I don't wear makeup on a daily basis cause I'm lazy so I don't practice
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Agreed. When I was younger I hated doing "play" makeup cause I didn't liek anything near my eyes. I twitched so much with eyeshadow and flipped out with eyeliner. I am slowly getting better at it lol
And lol a big mood Evie. I don't wear it on a daily basis either
Anna (Cadmium): ~~my obsession before cosplay was makeup so if yall ever need help~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm getting better at eyeliner. I can do my left eye pretty good because I'm let-handed, but doing my right is still a bit of a struggle
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we should have makeup workshops with anna
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): xD
Anna (Cadmium): i have an embarrassingly large quantity of makeup
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): wig workshops with me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): prop with all the prop bros
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): worbla with meg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I struggle with eyeliner soemtimes depending where I am doing ti cause it I am too far away from the mirror I can't fucking see to do it some soemtimes it comes out wonky XD
Anna (Cadmium): <@!386874959009415170>  do your right eye first and then just match your left eye to the right eye
Anna (Cadmium): *cracks knuckles* leggo
Erik (Red Riot Thot): you right
Anna (Cadmium): are you using like pencil eyeliner or liquid or gel or
Anna (Cadmium): i wasnt kidding ~~i have an excel sheet of my makeup and its all priced at replacement cost and i like am actually embarassed at the total~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): liquid?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): it's the kind that's like a makeup sharpie lol
Anna (Cadmium): ok so u use a felt tip eyeliner 
if you arent doing winged eyeliner or looking for sharp points i would actually suggest switching to pencil
Georgia (Something Sensible): liquid
Georgia (Something Sensible): mmm wings are the best tho
Anna (Cadmium): wings big enough to fly away from ur problems
Anna (Cadmium): but anyways i hate those cause if u have oily eyelids your eyeliner migrates
Anna (Cadmium): i am the makeup fairy
Anna (Cadmium): let me help yall
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i was sephora rouge last year~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I do sharper points
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I used to use pencil
Erik (Red Riot Thot): this other one is much easier to work with
Anna (Cadmium): feels on that
Anna (Cadmium): pencil you gotta keep sharp to get a point but you wanna use pencil or gel pencil for your waterline for the ultimate emo effect
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m_zoaqQ6WA
Anna (Cadmium): ~~this one is actually good~~
Marisa (Mawisa): if u mess up on your eyeliner just make it bigger. keep making it bigger.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh same marisa
Anna (Cadmium): someone tell me to stop
Marisa (Mawisa): stop
Anna (Cadmium): i have. 90+ lipsticks
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:legasp:501968781883605002>
Marisa (Mawisa): put them all on at once omg you'll look so fab
Anna (Cadmium): this isnt the 100 layers challenge
Anna (Cadmium): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nFfgDQulK-p-P8jaUiT2ptobgavPCQsU1ifqGSiRZv0/edit?usp=sharing
Georgia (Something Sensible): _but you dont have 90 lips_
Marisa (Mawisa): 90+ layers challenge
Anna (Cadmium): literally how did it get to this
Georgia (Something Sensible): you could do a cool art piece with all those lipsticks damn
Anna (Cadmium): squishy
Anna (Cadmium): and mostly red
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My issue is I have hooded eyes
Jess (whoozica): OOO thats wht tom has i couldn't teach him anything about eyeliner, but he practiced and now he is gud at the eyeliners all on his own
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like why do I gotta have hooded eyes like ugh
Jess (whoozica): yea he like puts it on and then keeps his eye shit and waits for it to dry
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay maybe I should try that
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oh yeah fucking hooded eyes yo
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): ok more opinions needed
Georgia (Something Sensible): i need one last sentence to wrap up this paragraph, what do i say?
Marisa (Mawisa): “Don’t forget to like comment and subscribe”
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *"So buckle up kiddos, we're doing science!"*
Georgia (Something Sensible): _my website font automatically set to "Georgia" thats creepy_
Erik (Red Riot Thot): fitting
Georgia (Something Sensible): 5 hours later, website done, just waiting for the DNS to update <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
