Anna (loud and likely blonde): Into the spiderverse is hysterical
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~that sounds like you’re joining the spider Gwen apocalypse~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): No I'mma just move to the city instead
Anna (loud and likely blonde): OH THAT VILLAIN THO I wanna be. Glowing and purple
Anna (loud and likely blonde): That was. The most aesthetically pleasing thing I've watched in a long time
Georgia (Something Sensible): SO
Georgia (Something Sensible): i drank a monster
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i never realized how low my caffine tolerance is cause now im wide awake
Georgia (Something Sensible): _which is good cause im still doing homework before i can safely sleep_
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Oh no
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh good. Now I can worry about you crashing while driving down tomorrow night due to lack of sleep and the late hour.
Georgia (Something Sensible): I can drive pretty safe til like 2 am
Georgia (Something Sensible): Then I just can’t do it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): thats when u add another energy drink to the mix. 
When are you leaving georgia?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~apparently someone set off the fire alarm in the gaylord already~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): I leave by like 8 so I’ll be fine
Georgia (Something Sensible): My buddy Tristan is with me for the last hour too
Anna (loud and likely blonde): nice.
five bucks says you still get there before me bc i gotta drive through NYC
Georgia (Something Sensible): OOF that’s rough
Georgia (Something Sensible): At least driving at night should be a little better
Georgia (Something Sensible): No rush hour traffic or anything
Georgia (Something Sensible): At least, I feel like rush hour should clear by 8
Georgia (Something Sensible): Uhhh I got back all those followers I lost the other day?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Instagram had a huge bug that made lots of people "lose" large amounts of followers
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so there wasnt a real purge?
Jamie (Jamie): Fun sport waiting on bell hop: watching buisness people escape the gaylord as the con invades
Anna (loud and likely blonde): someone save me all i have on my plate for work is backflow prevention device plans. and they suck
Jess (whoozica): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> when do you leave work?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 5:30 :(
Jess (whoozica): 😭
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So close...!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Under 2 miles.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Noah just started cracking up and then whispered “Micheal Bublé”
Jess (whoozica): Mood
Georgia (Something Sensible): This right here is the reason I’m not at Katsu yet LOL
Georgia (Something Sensible): you know everyones at katsu when theres only two people on a 30 person server "online"
Jess (whoozica): We're in the parking line
Anna (loud and likely blonde): How's parking I got delayed an hour so I won't be there till midnight
