Erik (Red Riot Thot): So remember how we were discussing how to say cosplay is a hobby for interviews?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Someone I follow was applying for jobs and the application asked about if the was anything that might affect her availability to work
Erik (Red Riot Thot): She listed school as well as "freelance artwork tradeshows" *~cough~anime conventions~cough~*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): PFFT
Marisa (Mawisa): Creator gatherings <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Mark (Mad Doctor): Honestly, if I were in a hiring position, I would definitely give a cosplayer (or someone else with a similarly creative hobby) an edge. We're problem solvers. We improvise solutions with available materials, We're detail oriented. We collaborate well to achieve goals.  We have a sense of humor but take our work seriously.  I'm sorry, three years of business school can't give you that.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Most people don’t understand that aspect of the hobby though.
Mark (Mad Doctor): That's why we have to put it out there. The cartoon that rebecca posted the other day hinted at the popular view: that were in it for the kinks. Yet every student I share cosplay photos with, even the kids who are painfully mainstream ("Sportsball and weekend parties! Woo!") says "That's so cool."
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I was told put propmaking and prototyping on the resume
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Although my boss actually asked where was cosplay on my resume when he asked and I'm like. It's right there Marc
Anna (loud and likely blonde): With that and As one of three people in my office that actually knows what a commodore 64 is I think I'm on his good side
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But srs just. Don't write cosplay. Elaborate on what if is you do
Anna (loud and likely blonde): If it's replica model making so be it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Your replica might just be an elaborate prop
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yup. I’ve been talking a lot about judgement with people the last couple days. It sucks but everyone makes judgements, maliciously or not.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ha! My first computer was a C64.  Good on you for knowing about it, but I wouldn't wish it on anyone but a museum curator
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You have to learn to cater to those judgements so you can get the chance to show them what you really are.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yah, that's why I listed all of the skills associated with cosplay. Honestly, I first gained respect for the hobby when one of my students gave her "senior speech" about why she loved cosplay, then listed all of the things she had to learn in order to make her outfits, from jewelry making to sewing to foamcrafting
Jamie (Jamie): Cat has claimed all chiars at table dog comes near any and i hear a skitter and hissing innicent doggo lmao
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@!386567060026556417> Noah and I do movie night every Friday, tonight’s Monty Python and the Holy Grail 👉😎👉
Anna (loud and likely blonde): That's adorable
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): What kind of fabric is heavy like the skirt in this picture?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm trying to describe the weight of it.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Duck? Denim ? Is it stiff?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Duck would be TOO stiff
Georgia (Something Sensible): That looks more like the weight velvet might have
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Velvet sounds right.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Nah the folds look too stiff for velvet
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah the folds are too stiff but the weight seems right
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): like... canvasy velvet.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Wait is there really a fabric type called duck or was that a typo LOL~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So. Denim
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yes there's duck
Georgia (Something Sensible): Denimmmm
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's like. Less heavy and stiff than canvas but a little heavier than denim arguably?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Duck canvas
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That definely doesn't *look* like denim though.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮 whaaa
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I gotta look this fabric up now LOL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Honestly it looks like this fabric I know but I can't fucking name
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *right*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's like. 
Not chiffon. It's not silk. But it looks like silk
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like it's always cold to the touch
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Fuji silk?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also anyone got a name for those high boots with the like, wool tops that extend over the boot material?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): TAFFETA is what I'm thinking
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): like that but cute?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Idk I just call them knee high boots with cuff
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like wool topped boots
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Heavy taffeta is all I can think of for that skirt
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@169297844874903552> lol they use duck for utility things. My Pyro suit is duck
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh 😮
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ye it's pretty comfy after a handful of washes and it's like 100 percent cotton. No stretch tho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The name is ridiculous
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Oh and the. Grain on the back is wildly different from the front
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It would be thick linen
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like my penny skirt
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): For that skirt bill
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It holds its shape, but also it heavy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I know I'm like way too late to the conversation but <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> I was busy
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): linen sounds right tho?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I agree. I think that's what I was thinking of
Mark (Mad Doctor): <@245270932602486784> Hope the movie was fun. When we showed it in grad school, we had to have a strict "no quoting" rule
Georgia (Something Sensible): A woman calls my work, at a New Jersey Number: can I schedule an oil change in Long Island
Georgia (Something Sensible): Me: this... is a New Jersey store
Georgia (Something Sensible): Her: yeah and can you transfer me to Long Island gmc?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like _lady no_
Marisa (Mawisa): Does anyone know of the YouTuber Megan Leigh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~sounds about right for a long islander to demand that~~
Chris Onyx: Eyyy!!
I got accepted into VA101 from CastingCallClub
Chris Onyx: 
Chris Onyx: Also have a cute winter
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ooohhh noice!!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Cool!
Chris Onyx: EYY i got notifications to work
