Anna (loud and likely blonde): Whattup I'm trashed in a speakeasy
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I wish that was me.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay I am confused. Can someone fill me in why suddenly Chris Pratt is "terrible"?? I've seen several posts on twitter about him being terrible, replacing him, etc... What happened?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I saw something religion-y related
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The church he belongs to and donates to is apparently very anti-LGBT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh okay 😮 Thanks for filling me in. 
I just suddenly had posts of people being like against him and was like what did I miss O.o
Georgia (Something Sensible): All my suite mates left for the weekend
Georgia (Something Sensible): Bathroom to myself 😎
Matt (mattmyers25): You are in heaven
Jamie (Jamie): Guys did anyone look at rt store recently???
Jamie (Jamie): Cause uh the ine series of figures are all 10 bucks 👀
Jamie (Jamie): Like full jnpr circle set can be bought for 40 bucks
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀👀👀
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was just looking there the other day. Like Thursday.. when the hell did they do that lol.
Jamie (Jamie): And one ruby fig
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sadly I only need singles xD not the whole team
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do they sell them singles but not blind boxed??
Jamie (Jamie): Idk i wanted to see how much new yang cost (180) and noticed sale prices
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol the new Yang  figure??
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): Not blind actual figures
Jamie (Jamie): And yes new yang dunkle did unboxing vid and made me curious
Jamie (Jamie): Better note though by next weekend should have the jnpr babes displayed proudly.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh it's the big ones okay 😂 my B
Matt (mattmyers25): So I'm sitting in a Tesla and someone told it to play the pokemon theme
Matt (mattmyers25): Should I get this?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Get a Tesla? 😂 jk
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also where the fuck are you that you found a Tesla??
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Matt (mattmyers25): King of Prussia mall
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao yes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm being high-key judged in this bubble tea shop
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am also. The minority. 
Tryna meet up with mag but she's at a doctor in Chinatown so I am the whitest person smack in the middle of chinatown
Anna (loud and likely blonde): We talking like I'm dodging baskets of fresh fish in the street
