Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 🍣
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Same girl
Anna (Cadmium): Friendly reminder to ppl to wash your makeup brushes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oof.... yea I should do that
Anna (Cadmium): My blush brush is. Bad
Anna (Cadmium): I'm cleaning rn lol
Jess (whoozica): Ooo good idea
Anna (Cadmium): Sewed one thing and I'm like. Ok time for break
Jess (whoozica): What a mood
Jess (whoozica): I've been working on a spear and dagger for like waaaay too like  and I feel like I'm getting nothing done
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof mood
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I've worked on nothing today and i feel like ive got nothing done 🤔
Jess (whoozica): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I want to finish my Blake boots tonight but I'm tired and don't feel like hunting down newspaper to stuff them with 😩
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Same <@351785752197201920>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I started to work on things but then I ended up crying over rwby
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So mood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma probs sleep in my basement again tonight so I can stay up late working on things. I only have the next 2 days before school starts back up so :/
Georgia (Something Sensible): what do yall use to clean yours? i think my sister does like a half vegetable oil, half dish soap blend for cleaning brushes
Jess (whoozica): I have brush shampoo 😮
Anna (Cadmium): Bar soap tbh
Anna (Cadmium): Like. Just whatever's in the tub. 
I have elf brush shampoo and that works wonders but personally I like the solids better
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If you have sensitive skin use unscented bar soap
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Dove or something
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The white soap
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~or if you have a new tattoo you wanna clean... idk why this would be applicable right now.. but..~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): take ya brushes in the shower so you can wash them and yourselves with the bar soap
Georgia (Something Sensible): in that same mentality, fuck it, wear your clothes too so they also get washed
Anna (Cadmium): I'm washin maself AND ma clothes
Anna (Cadmium): https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=c9H7wwfrpgI
Jamie (Jamie): The rain outside is highly disappointing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Big mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Where the fuck is this snow
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Right?? It's jut been raining here...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~Honestly thankful for it not being snow~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): True. But I'm worried this rain is gonna freeze and make everything really icy <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ice potential still high.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hopefully they take advantage of the 40° weather to treat the roads before the temperature drops to like, 5
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I hear it's supposed to be really cold tomorrow and I'm like dear god please NO. I need to be in my garage most of the day D:
Georgia (Something Sensible): I heard water draining and thought it was someone’s tub but no it’s rain running off the house
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Temps here are supposed to be around 40 until around noon and then it's going to drop quickly. But it's also supposed to be raining all morning so savoring the roads might not even be possible
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So oof
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~might still get an ice day on Monday~~
Tom (tomukuncosplay): We've only got snow that eventually changed to smol ice pellets
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Still collecting tgo
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): Looks like maybe if lucky that band of blue behind the rain *might* cross over before the weekend ends
Mark (Mad Doctor): I've designated Wednesday and Thursday as our last spray paint days before Katsu. Another round of bad weather is coming next weekend, and I don't want to risk putting anything off
Anna (Cadmium): I'm getting hit with ice rain rn I am highly disappointed with this
Anna (Cadmium): I need to go buy cat food
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): > sees NGDO
> *this must be Erik*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Nope lol
Jamie (Jamie): Smol child comes running downstairs laughing looks at me says "daddy didn't catch me so im getting chicken nuggets for breakfast" child of loki i know your dad did not agree to those terms nice try
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Jamie (Jamie): Now deal has been cut he told her if she wants chicken nuggets she needs to make them herself. Now 6 yr old is scurrying kitchen figuring out how to cook them
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol oh boy...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have 2 hot cashes for Hot Topic I'm not gonna use cause need to buy more important things lol. They expire in a week. If anyone would like them DM me. Ya can have them. 🤗
Jamie (Jamie): I read "i have 2 hot cashier's" and was ready to read a fun story lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Mawisa): woter
Jamie (Jamie): Took a craftung break to go look at the Creek we have and its v high and cool looking today
Jamie (Jamie): But also i froze so
Jess (whoozica): 😮 u has no snow
Jamie (Jamie): No i dont 😫
Jamie (Jamie): It rained all night
Marisa (Mawisa): where you live? we also got no snow in south jersey
are u south jersey
the best jersey
Jamie (Jamie): I'm like 20 minutes north of Philly in pa lol
Marisa (Mawisa): west jersey
Georgia (Something Sensible): Central jersey only got rain
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also holy crap I deep cleaned the inside of my car today, there was SO MUCH wig hair
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Holy shit I found a cosplayer on Bumble
Georgia (Something Sensible): GOOD SHIT
Jamie (Jamie): I said a thing to jason and he said he hates me now 😂
Jamie (Jamie): "I'm gonna eat kraft mac and cheese to rejuvinate my crafting energies"
Jess (whoozica): Lmao
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm gonna have some vodka before sewing again XD
Jess (whoozica): *Nice*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof Chris just made the most dangerous floor juice I ever tasted and oof you can't taste the vodka bit there's 2/3 of it in the glass RIP me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Smash that F button
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's only 2PM
Marisa (Mawisa): keep him in custody police are on their way
Jess (whoozica): I thought this was about fooor cleaner
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof I feel it Mr Krabs
Georgia (Something Sensible): THE HEATING IN MY DORM IS FINALLY FIXED HOORAY
Georgia (Something Sensible): Sadly Sarah’s shits still here tho
Jamie (Jamie): So looking through the folder of the firat version of my web comic and im like oh hey the art isnt complete crap cool. But it is still scrap since the plot was wrong for what i meant to do
Jamie (Jamie): Theres like 5 pages of it though of the scrapped start to the story
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): Meanwhile sneak peak for the what 3 ppl who took interest in the series of the next page that will work on finishing after katsu
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Mawisa): WOOOOOOOOOOOO
Marisa (Mawisa): WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Marisa (Mawisa): I SAW SOMETHING IN YOUR STORY OR MAYBE IT WAS HERE AND I GOT EXCITED AND MEANT TO ASK YOU IF IT WAS FOR THAT
WOOOO
Marisa (Mawisa): this is exciting it's like we're exclusive patreon members getting exclusive content i've never felt more alive
Jamie (Jamie): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jess (whoozica): 🎉
Jamie (Jamie): Honestly y'all gonna be the reason i make myself work on it so i can actually get closer to my dream life of being a shut in comic creator living off patreon <:pewish:420824457918152704>
Jamie (Jamie): But also dis pretty and i wanna make more pretty clouds
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Mawisa): *draw them clouds and also more story and clouds*
Jamie (Jamie): <:lenny:456549338026344489> no rest of story is just pictures of fantastical clouds thats it
Jamie (Jamie): Plot is jsut the wind changed now clouds go other way
Jamie (Jamie): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): Wow. My in-laws have just offered to send us to the UK for a vacation this year. My wife's schedule means we might have to skip Otakon, but I told Audrey she can bring some portable cosplays.  We're going to base ourselves in the town of York, where Mrs MD and I met many ages ago
Jess (whoozica): That's awesome!
Jess (whoozica): My friend got me limited edition raspberry Pocky from Japan and they are so good
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://youtu.be/nYMV0t2TgxY
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The new gen:LOCK trailer looks great
