Jess (whoozica): Fucking love pickles
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The cowards didn't dilate my eues
Marisa (Mawisa): demand a refund
Marisa (Mawisa): we didn't talk about you at all while you were away
Marisa (Mawisa): no reason to suspect
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Fuck I want pickles
Jess (whoozica): Mood
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Guys I made garbage 

http://vm.tiktok.com/eNccq9/
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm running low on pickles
Marisa (Mawisa): needs more pickles
Jess (whoozica): Need moar
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So there was a girl on Bumble and one of the responses on her profile was "I feel most empowered when I'm in my Crocs" and I was like *oof, soul mate* but then I saw her occupation is an Advanced Consultant for Pure Romance and I was like *yikes, hard pass*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): She's also 4'11" 😂
Jess (whoozica): Oh nooooo so close. Omg that height diff would be cray
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YIKES
Georgia (Something Sensible): you would literally lose her if you stared straight ahead LMAO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have lost. Every single wig cap I own
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I HAD TWELVE WHERE DID THEY GO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LITERALLY ME RN
Anna (loud and likely blonde): guess it's good I checked NOW
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can bring you one if you need 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have tons of the un-netted ones
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Might take u up on that offer but I think I'mma buy like a 6pk I always trash them and wear 2 or 3 caps at once cause too much hair
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Aight just lemme know~ I'll be bringing them all with me anyways lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bless
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm actually almost packed costume wise for everything I finished. I can fit my armor and my yang into one suitcase. Kodama is in a shopping bag and everything else is going in a duffel
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Can someone explain to me why Yang is all of a sudden a cowboy like I'm so confused and I'm a Bee fan but idk where this came from
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Cowboys are gay 

Idk why it's a thing I'm not complaining. 
Leanna we need your yang knowledge and memery
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah neither am I 

I think it's great I'm just wondering where it came from
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OH OKAY MAJES SENSE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): bEEHAW
Anna (loud and likely blonde): If this is like two weeks into hiatus im worried what mid summer is like
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *beehaw*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): This hiatus has been nuts man
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like this is the most surreal hiatus RWBY has ever had
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but it's like, a cleanse because all the Adam and Vic apologists are coming into the light so we know who to avoid in the FNDM
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Truth right there.

It's actually kinda nice. As long as they don't move onto gen:lock or anything. Which I doubt considering the fact that they already have a non-binary character which these people seem to detest anything that isn't straight white men.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.amazon.com/Insta360-ONE-Action-FlowState-Stabilization/dp/B074VW233J?ref_=fsclp_pl_dp_1
Erik (Red Riot Thot): i DON'T HAVE A NEED FOR THIS, BUT i WANT IT
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~I think it'd be pretty neat for vlogging~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Uhp, nevermind. It's only iOS compatible...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and literally every review of the Android adapter is garbage
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof. Also that's a lot of money for that tiny thing :0
Mark (Mad Doctor): Why are so many toxic males drawn to RWBY? There are a zillion shows out there that cater to their ideals. RWBY has always been about string female characters, with plenty of male characters who serve as nurturers.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): They want waifus
Anna (loud and likely blonde): At least that's the only reason I can think og
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~it's made in texas~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Nah, I'd guess there's plenty of toxic people in every fandom.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We just notice it in RWBY cause we're very engaged in it.
Mark (Mad Doctor): In that little texan east coast  island known as Austin
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaaa Bill's right.  There's a ton of toxic people in every fandom. We just notice it more cause we are engaged more into this fandom than others
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It certainly emphasises it when you've got better representation like in Rwby. Like there's fandoms where it's just as bad but it stays contained in it's own echo chamber
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Idk it's hard to describe. Although out of all fandoms I'm in this one i am definitely more invested in compared to others so I'm def seeing more of it
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah, I guess it just irks me because it conveys a sense of entitlement that all media should cater to their neanderthal tastes. I mean, it's not like there aren't other series out there if you are offended by sympathetic portrayal of gay relationships or unsympathetic portrayals of abusive assholes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah thats a good way to put it. Also, gay relationships don't have to be 'subtle' like let gay people have messy relationships, loud ones, testing the waters relationships.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): You accept straight relationships even when the only build up is that they work together even if its more evident that the girl is afraid and not in love. I'm looking at you marvel. Literally where did Natasha and banner come from
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OOF VALID
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): still upset by that ngl
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm still heated by that fuckin guy on another server who was like. That he wanted gay relationships done right basically and was like bees is forced.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): being in fandoms , specifically rwby, I've learned how incapable people are of reading subtext and foreshadowing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): O YA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its incredible how dense a human can be
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ngl ppl tell me I'm oblivious but like there's a difference in not noticing where u put your glasses and picking up who's fuckin
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Real ppl maybe not so much with me.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea i feel you, i'm oblivious to when people like ME IRL but i can read subtext and foreshadowing from a mile away. I'm not REALLY oblivious, i just don't pay as much attention to peoples interactions with me IRL as i do to my favorite shows
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Maybe all those literature classes ground foreshadowing info my brain
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh same LmaO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i fucking love lit, grammar, and reading comprehension
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like just fuck me up with that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The only good thing from them cause I sure as fuck can't speak the good English
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Although I do have a massive vocabulary
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bruh fuck me up with juxtaposition tbh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Symbolism is a hell of a drug
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FUCK YEA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): -snorts symbolism-
Jess (whoozica): I can recognize foreshadowing in book pretty easily i dont think i pick it up as easily in like tv and stuff
Jess (whoozica): also depends on what im focusing on at that time
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ok but do you notice it after
Jess (whoozica): i ussually have to watch stuff twice to get evreything
Anna (loud and likely blonde): You do notice it tho
Jess (whoozica): oh ye
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Second time around is still being aware of it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Meanwhile. Some ppl watch it like ten times and arw like no that didn't happen
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And it's like tryna convince ppl how Dean Winchester is desperately in love with castiel and vice versa
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like way back when I used to be like haha these gifs are cute but I bet it's selective and exaggerated on the Tumblr dot com. 
It was not.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It was really that gay looking
Jess (whoozica): oh yea i know nothing about that show
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I was like. These WERENT EXAGGERATED AND THATS ACTUALLY WHAT THEYRE SAYING?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Eh don't recommend it  I stopped watching three years ago it went downhill
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Worth watching a few years ago but it's been beating a dead horse since like 2015
Jess (whoozica): RIP 🐴
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so with my phone update, my emojis updated and my cat emoji is no longer a black cat and I am UPSET
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): how could they do this to blake
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's Thursday my dudes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): yuuuup
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Literally every road is backed up today I usually don't have this problem heading west
Marisa (Mawisa): I hear peptol bismo is good for that sort of stuff. Pink.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I drove past flushing Meadows park though and I'm itching to visit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Do not put pepto bismol in ur car
Marisa (Mawisa): But pink
Marisa (Mawisa): It wouldn’t be my car it’d be yours I’ll stop by and fill it up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Smokey has enough problems as is
Anna (loud and likely blonde): What is the plural of a Prius. Is it Priuses or Prii
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like. Octopi. Pri-i
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Priuses I believe
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ok cause I am SURROUNDED by Priuses rn
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like an alarming swarm of them just passed me on the belt parkway
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's Prius territory apparently lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm not moving to this area of queens then
Erik (Red Riot Thot): compared to yesterday, today is actually going pretty quickly for me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yo, same
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not really sure why
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wish
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think it was because I had a lot less sleep yesterday
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yo that was me last night. Maybe that's why today is dragging for me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Also being up and more active to go shower at the gym I think gave me more energy?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Maybe. Workinh out in the morning boots your matabolism
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I didn't work out. I just showered because our tub is clogged lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof
Well that works though
Mark (Mad Doctor): Being in the gym counts as a workout. At least that's what the old guys who hang out in the locker room believe
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Coconut caramel latte 1/10 do not recommend. 
Pure sugar and tastes vaguely like I walked into Michael's and face planted on the floor of the cake section after they cleaned it
Jess (whoozica): coffee should not be white
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Agreed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I mean, a latte is mostly milk so...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ok but it's like. More pale than me. My coffee should not be paler than me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So I semi explained Beehaw to another chat and now Galaxy Queen Cosplay might do a cowboy Yang shoot with a real horse when it gets nice.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESS
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Why the fuck do I not get notifications for this channel
Chris (GeneralOnyx): 'sumbitch discord
Erik (Red Riot Thot): did you mute the server?
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Nope
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Nor the channel
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Nor the app lmao
Erik (Red Riot Thot): huh... weird
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Anyhow
Im officially gonna waste prolly 10 seconds of someone's time at RT lol
Chris (GeneralOnyx): The 10 seconds required to read the subject line and click delete but fuck it

I aint give no fucks *dab*
Chris (GeneralOnyx): Oh my god i forgot about the emoji
Chris (GeneralOnyx): And its SO APPROPRIATE
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): SEND IT!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): HYPE!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://giphy.com/gifs/just-do-it-XYeuatQLaKfJe
Chris (GeneralOnyx): I had no clue where to send it so i just sent it to the generic question email
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I watched through the entire credits for Vol 6 the other day to see if I could find a casting director but I didn't see it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Leanna can have Arryn hook you up.*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I found that too but I'm not sure if that actually means she's in charge of casting
Erik (Red Riot Thot): She works through Funimation I think and provides like 3 minor voices
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not really sure either but its worth a shot
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://rwby.fandom.com/wiki/Marissa_Lenti
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Auntie Pine*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "medium boy"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh actually I think it might be
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ```Director Marissa Lenti helped cast the new actors, and Talent Coordinator Howard Wang oversaw production management for the title.```
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Basically they pull from their bag of anime dub VAs
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also, if you havent already, might wanna try sending something to the business contact
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://www.business.roosterteeth.com/contact-us/
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.soundcadencestudios.com/demo-submission.html
Marisa (Mawisa): ye just keep sending them your demo
i know some voice actresses i can ask if you need recommendations for a recording studio
Chris Onyx: DISCORD NOTIFICATIONS PLS
Mark (Mad Doctor): Are Salem and Ozpin still married? Asking for a farmboy
Chris Onyx: Currently I have the e-mail sent to questions@RT.com (shortened)
Chris Onyx: But I feel that sending it to multiple places would be a discouragement no?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i dont get notifications for channels unless you @ me. do you have discord's settings set to that?
Chris Onyx: Ive doible checked that too
Its all set to all messages
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that would just be messages between ppl not on servers tho?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hey, so people competent with Tik Tok... howmst the fuck do you add your own audio?
Chris Onyx: <@229713389511901185>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And I think he means he has the server notification settings set to All Messages
Chris Onyx: ^^
Chris Onyx: Server, channel, and app notifications all set to all messaged
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Which is why it's weird :/
Chris Onyx: <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hmmmmmmmmmmmm. on phone or desktop? is it your system not letting u get notifications not discord?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if the answer is no then just yeet discord out the window
Chris Onyx: Phone
Chris Onyx: I get notifications from other channels tho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeet the discord
Marisa (Mawisa): do you get notifications on other channels? could it be your push notification settings
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!386874959009415170> hello i tik tok but have yet to learn to do audio of my own. If I figure out how I'll let ya know~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think if you just record the video without any prerecorded sound it'll automatically make it a sound people can use?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rei says her notifications actually work when she goes on DND.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hey question for those who use TikTok. How do you get the visual to be sped up or that jumpy look some of them have but the audio remains the same?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like not altered just the video
Chris Onyx: 
Chris Onyx: Oops
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AESTHETIC
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👌 👌 👌
