Mark (Mad Doctor): Fun fact about Bradley Cooper: he never once sang in high school and he did not appear on stage until the last week of his senior year
Jess (whoozica): @erik i found your new glasses
https://www.coastal.com/glasses/crocs/crocs-cf648-55?v=black-green
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh shit I didn't even realize they were Crocs until the third picture xD
Jess (whoozica): YEA they're actually pretty nice
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Work Highlight
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: So I work night shifts and Meg works morning shifts at our starbucks
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Now as all of you know
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: most people in the cosplay community call me Hal
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: But at work everyone I work with knows me as Halim
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: and they (for the most part) are night shift people who don't work with meghan
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: SO
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: usually for like maybe 30 minutes
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: So most of them don't realize Hal= Halim
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: and so today several people told me how they were apparently lowkey concerned about whoever this "Hal" was
Matt (mattmyers25): Why were they concerned?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: idk
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I just found it hilarious
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: probably in relation to our relationship I guess?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pfft. That’s as bad as Tom and Jess working together for years without telling management they lived together.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: lol
Jess (whoozica): YEET
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Evan muro strikes again
Marisa (Mawisa): m'lady
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *milady*
Jess (whoozica): NOOOO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I guess they thought this Hal she was talking about was a different person and were concerned about her relations with him? xD
Tom (tomukuncosplay): EVAN!
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Since I told him I was married I haven't heard from him
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is he the guy who commented on you cooking? XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): y u p
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh boy lol
Tom (tomukuncosplay): YEAH!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): No cooking boy Tom for Evan Muro. He is Jess' lol
Jess (whoozica): damn all dese mans wants ma mans
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So i started doing commissions again as I am sure you all saw from my post... My only issue is I am trying to figure out what I should charge for my time spent working on it. In the past I just kinda estimated a random amount but I feel it would be smart to do a base cost per hour spent working on it?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I charge 10 dollars an hour
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I tend to round up hours
Georgia (Something Sensible): Something says maybe to charge a little more cause my time is valuable
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was thinking something around that.
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I’ve gotten deadly efficient in churning out Pyrrha stuff which is all anyone wants me for lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): I would say realistically start at 10 dollars an hour, and up the charge for however many hours of “experience” you have
Georgia (Something Sensible): So if you’re really good with woodworking do 13 an hour
Georgia (Something Sensible): If you’re so-so with sewing, do 11
Mark (Mad Doctor): It's skilled labor so give yourself the benefit of more than a living hourly wage
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol someday if I ever get around to returning to Pyrrha cosplay I may hit you up as well XD
And valid. That makes sense to me.
Georgia (Something Sensible): I gotchu fam
Georgia (Something Sensible): Friends and family discount lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): Even if I don’t have time to make it either, I have some blueprints for making the Pyrrha components
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’d be happy to share those whenever
Georgia (Something Sensible): I thought about formatting them to be sold online but I would need help from someone with a better idea of physical-to-computer rendering and also u r tomodachi
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ayy whatever I decide to do for Pyrrha remake at some point I'm sure I'll hit you up for help in some form XD 
And lol yeee I've thought of formatting some of my patterns I did with my dad for props to sell online too but I have the same issue lol. Mine are all hand drawn on such random things XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): Special reasoning is a gift
Georgia (Something Sensible): Spacial is what I meant but that too
Georgia (Something Sensible): A lot of people complain about creating cosplay because they don’t know where to start
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i have so many patterns i wanna like. post up online for like a dollar ~~or free to friends~~ bc they arent that good but they're something and idk how to
my problem is that most of my patterns are like. duct tape covered pieces of plastic
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and agreed spacial reasoning is a gift and i forget some people do not have the mental pathways to take a 2d image of a 3d thing and make it from a 2d object into a real 3d thing
