Anna (blonde and sad): Holy crap Wowaka died????
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Starbucks has a line out the door? Go to the other Starbucks on the block.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Reeses flavor creamer was a blessing to all of humankind
Erik (Red Riot Thot): my sister got that the other week and she said it was amazing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it rescued coffee for me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i can officially drink a full coffee without wanting to puke, thanks to you Reeses creamer, you the real MVP
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Instead of puke it can go out the other end*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): *YAY REGULARITY*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If that's not the most adult mood.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): coffee was a horrible idea for me though, i have been at work for 2 hours and apparently the coffee heightens my adhd
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because ive done nothing but sing along to music for 2 hours and look at memes. still havent opened a single work related file yet
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and can't focus long enough to finish a thought
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's monday, who cares.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my coworker walked into my office with the song "pussy is god by king princess" on
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and just walked out
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean thats the monday mood
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I caught up on all my news feeds, switched the dock on my desk...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh my god, that took an hour?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): productive
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i see we're on the same page
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So, you guys know when stuff comes with a sticky side? Like, the adhesive is part of the thing?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I have a phone dock with a base like that, but the adhesive is basically useless.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ever see a way to restore it?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Google said wash with water but it doesn't do anything.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): replace it?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): can't, it's literally part of the dock.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is it that like gooey shit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): kinda. more smooth now.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats like a slime hand
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): little bit yeah.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): gecko grip or whatever
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): there's a staples on the block, maybe they have some kinda glue. Or, worst case, double sided tape.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): super glue it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): to my desk.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): correction, the desk at my office.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes just glue that shit down
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean you could potentially hot glue it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): hot glue will remove
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't have a hot glue gun at work lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~or at home, but that's neither here nor there~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): may I can bring an extra command strip in, use that.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ooo good thinking
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I had thought I brought another one in to have an extra too, damn.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I copy and pasted files from an email into a folder for a quote that I was going to start
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and that was
Erik (Red Riot Thot): two hours ago?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Discord is terrible for productivity.
Jess (whoozica): yeet
Erik (Red Riot Thot): it sure is
Jamie (Jamie): Yee had an interview today i think went pretty well for a dispatch assistant basically making customer calls for the dispatcher. But good money 👌
Jamie (Jamie): But also excited cause got an interview Wednesday at a place called kiddie academy for a assistant teacher postition so going for good vibes for that one
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Good luck!!
Jamie (Jamie): Thanks!
Jess (whoozica): good luck fren!
Jamie (Jamie): Ima turn small childs into nerds one art at a time (tis a goal)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Good luck Jamie!!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Good luck!
Jamie (Jamie): Thanks guys! :D
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Update, rolled tape does not adhere dock to desk.
Anna (blonde and sad): Rubber cement? It's removeable If it doesn't work
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I got up and walked past my one boss's office just to see his dog and then turned around and walked back
Erik (Red Riot Thot): mood improved
Erik (Red Riot Thot): productivity levels, not so much
Anna (blonde and sad): How dare u mention dog and not provide picture
Erik (Red Riot Thot): this was from two weeks ago
Anna (blonde and sad): Excellent ur debt is paid
Anna (blonde and sad): When I left my house it was 76 out and it's now 54 where I drove. Rip cause im in shorts
Mark (Mad Doctor): Interesting discussion with my students prompted by the question "Did Thanos risk his own life in the snap?"
