Georgia (Something Sensible): Home safe y’all
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hows everyone doing cause i think i caught a con crud
Mark (Mad Doctor): Sorry to hear it. Mostly sore and tired. Chugging OJ to stay healthy
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Gaylord scarily empty.
Marisa (Mawisa): where the weeks
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Work.
Chris Onyx: Welp
I've got a month to get her fixed, but should be do-able by zenka 😭
Chris Onyx: 
Chris Onyx: Warning: NSFW lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh no what happened????
Chris Onyx: I had it resting on my fender when packing yesterday morning, she slipped off when I closed the trunk
Big oof
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *cries in prop*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): on the bright side. uh. maybe you can give her a new thorough paint job?
Chris Onyx: Mooood
Luckily none of the moving parts broke and the cracks arent fractured, so it should be able to go back together
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that's good! idk how long you've had her but i guess this also gives opportunity to lubricate the springs and joints and stuff.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): my heart goes out bc my heart would have broke if my prop hit the ground like that
Mark (Mad Doctor): Is that a SayUncleQrow model? Perhaps Spencer can offer repair tips
Chris Onyx: Yep! I've been considering reaching out to him if needed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I cant believe i missed seeing mothman.
Jamie (Jamie): I got video of the shiny mothman last night
Marisa (Mawisa): Post it
Marisa (Mawisa): Pls I beg
Anna (loud and likely blonde): pls
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!301927856240459777> whats the site i can read bnha on again i am in dire need for more plot bc i cant watch s3 rn but i can read
Anna (loud and likely blonde): will pay for weeb
Marisa (Mawisa): Legally, Viz Media! Their website has it for $2 a month unlimited chapters
Illegally there’s mangakakalot owo
Marisa (Mawisa): 🙏
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like viz.com? i cant find where to buy
Marisa (Mawisa): Yee you gotta subscribe
Marisa (Mawisa): https://www.viz.com/shonenjump/chapters/my-hero-academia
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wtf litearlly i could not navigate to individual chapters thank frien
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk it kept looping me back to where to buy the volumes
Marisa (Mawisa): capitalism at its finest
Anna (loud and likely blonde): honestly. 
oh good i only watched up to chapter 80 i have 100 chapters to binge
Anna (loud and likely blonde): who wants to bet how many days it takes me to catch up
Marisa (Mawisa): 1 day
Anna (loud and likely blonde): please factor in that I have a full time job
Marisa (Mawisa): 1.5 day
Anna (loud and likely blonde): thats more realistic lets see. imma start. reading. today after i try to fix my friends sewing machine
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o man now i can read. tokyo ghoul too
Tom (tomukuncosplay): WOOO
Tom (tomukuncosplay): WE SUPPORT THIS
Marisa (Mawisa): i started going through photos and my computer screen changed color lol
Marisa (Mawisa): help
Jess (whoozica): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What color?
Marisa (Mawisa): the screen tinted itself a bit blue
Marisa (Mawisa): until it goes back to normal i'm looking for manga that updated over the weekend to catch up on. im happy this is finally getting scanlated, and all the open tabs up top are manga i have to catch up on.
