Evie (Katheryne Knight): So my Warlock in the DnD campaign my roommate runs met her Patron through writing in her journal.

It's like a high fantasy chat room.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Is their patron named Tom Riddle?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Seriously, though, that's a really cool thing to happen in-game. I love to see warlock patrons handled well
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Yeah that's cool!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Her patron is .. interesting to say the least.

Thank you! God I'm so excited to play her?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO Select Critical Role podcasts are on this music service my moms office has... sooo yea gonna finally check some Crit Role out today! Yeet~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.funko.com/blog/article/coming-soon-pop-animation-my-hero-academia
Erik (Red Riot Thot): new pops coming soon
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Tokoyami!!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@!229713389511901185>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): okay but Toga super cutee
Mark (Mad Doctor): <@!169297844874903552>  Start w the second campaign. It has the more recognizable (o cosplayers) characters and the first campaign starts in the middle of things and is a little hard to get into the flow of the story.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee it was the scond campaign they had. Sadly they dont have any of the first eps?? So was listening to some random episode in the middle of everything XD Gonna try to listen more from the start soon. But got a taste of it today and kep me entertained lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): THEY GONNA HAVE TOGA AND SHIGGY POPS AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I started getting into The Adventure Zone which is a lot more tolerable to get through than Critical Role because the episodes are *at max* like an hour and a half
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 4+ hours per episode is too much for me :P
Mark (Mad Doctor): I just listen to the podcasts when I drive and at the gym. I get through 2-3 episodes a week.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oof
