Goodnight: 
Marisa (Mawisa): But that’s totally unrelated to the way cabbage makes her ankles boat and gives her weird hives that kind of look like a connect the dot puzzle. It’s what finally made her join the circus but after that ended she didn’t have anywhere to go and just pulled a cask of amontillado with her girlfriends (she broke up with 2 but still had the other 17 that were willing to follow her? Idk something about her charisma) but rumors say you can still hear her yeeting if you hide in the playground tunnel in the wee hours of the night when it snows.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I've been to that tunnel!
Marisa (Mawisa): Were your socks wet for like 3 months after?? Woah
Marisa (Mawisa): Wet cabbage socks
Georgia (Something Sensible): WELCOME FRIEND
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Hello fren
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): Henlo
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): hi
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): Half a bag of totinos pizza rolls count as dinner right
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): depends
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): did you drink anything with them?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Only half?
Georgia (Something Sensible): _this solidifies your membership to BNE yes welcome_
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): like even a cup of water
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): At work but thank you <@245270932602486784> ♡ kick ass party
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): The other half was eaten two days ago
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): its dinner
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): leftovers=dinner
Georgia (Something Sensible): aw thank you Heather ❤️
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also yes I second that as dinner
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): So this is the remaining half. 

Uh. 
Half a bottle of sangria is the beverage of choice
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): Perfect
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): Excellent
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): you have no only had dinner
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): you have had Wine Mom Dinner
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): It's like he knows me already
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): judging by your intro, probably
Halim(Greg)(jake)(Ent)(Not greg): #cosplaycommunitylife
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): Feels. 
I'm really just waiting for my Dremel to charge
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): So pizza rolls fill the void in my life with delicious and lava hot marinara sauce
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): I definitely just burnt my tongue. Regrets
Marisa (Mawisa): I used another one of those anime boy ATMs, but I think this one was tsundere because when I walked up to it, it was like “what do *you* want?” and then spat my card back out at me because everything is still closed because new year holidays. 
I have mixed feelings about this experience.
Marisa (Mawisa): I think I got purple guy in the center there.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Part of me wants to do one of those 52 week photography challenges, cause I've been kinda stagnent since college.

The other part of me knows I tried last year and made it one week before real life happened and I had no time for it.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Someone posted about bullet journaling and had a "Year in Pixels" page and I thought that might be neat to try so I just downloaded an app. Day one was a pretty good day. We'll see how day 2 goes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): year in pixels?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0773/9135/files/Screen_Shot_2017-01-09_at_7.30.00_AM_large.png?v=1483975849
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so you can visually see how your year's been going
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://i.pinimg.com/originals/67/63/ae/6763ae2fe7118f3291d198a82b964de4.jpg
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh that's cute.
Jess (whoozica): see that would never work for me cuz my range of emotions on any given day is too varied to be able to classify as one color
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Tweak it to just be how you felt about the day.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah the first picture isn't really a good representation. the second one is more what it's supposed to be
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I feel like mine's going to be a lot of yellow though xD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But the app I downloaded also lets you add different emotions you felt that day and you can write about your day
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm already going to give habit tracking another go (haha dead end new year's crap), so I can make this a motivation for that.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'll probably only do it for like a week before I get tired of it, but hey here's to trying lol
Jess (whoozica): only things I'm concerning myself with for the "new year" are katsucrunch and losing the eight pounds I gained over the holidays
Georgia (Something Sensible): Goals: new year, new YEET
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *So you're going to YEET away things?*
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): only bad things
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): yeet the bad
Jess (whoozica): yoink the good
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): teey (anti-yeet) the good
Anna (the Yang who dipped blake): yes i was just going to ask what is the opposite of yeet. Yoink. Yoink works
Anna (Cadmium): someone yell at me to finish watching BNHA
Anna (Cadmium): Im only like halfway through s2
Erik (Red Riot Thot): FINISH IT
Erik (Red Riot Thot): IT GETS SO GOOD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): This appeared on my street. Zwei?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *All yelling is to be handled by Bakugo*
Anna (Cadmium): ughhhh i cannot craft and watch at the same timeeeeeee someone pls embed the japanese language into my brain
Jess (whoozica): god, what a mood
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I watched the dub so I could work and watch it.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Anna (Cadmium): ok but be warned that if i finish it ill be throwing myself into a BNHA cosplay too. 
and. 
I think i finished whats currently dubbed and have to watch it subbed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): All 3 seasons are currently dubbed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and you say throwing yourself into a BNHA cosplay like it's a bad thing?
Anna (Cadmium): I am a failure then. LOOKS LIKE I GOT PLANS FOR TONIGHT
Anna (Cadmium): is a bad thing when. you have like 12 cosplans
Anna (Cadmium): but also like. want more
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~if it is everyone here is a terrible person~~
Anna (Cadmium): i have a google sheet to organize my cons and cosplays like i need help
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *I mean*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Still applies to a good portion of people here~
Jess (whoozica): ~~me too~~
Jess (whoozica): its also color coded
Anna (Cadmium): wait i never told anyone. theres a small con at my old  college. and idk what imma wear. so. my other half told me just copy my diploma and write not worth on it
Anna (Cadmium): omg me too
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Anna (Cadmium): mostly so i can coordinate with Mag (other half of my acct cause shes instagramless so i made her get instagram via joint account)
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~So you don't coordinate all the cosplays at Magfest~~
Anna (Cadmium): tbh its hilarious cause she sees magfest and mag all the time and shes like ALRIGHT PUT EM UP WHOS TALKIN BOUT ME and its rlly just nerds and music
Jess (whoozica): whats da smol con?
Anna (Cadmium): uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh suffolk county comic and art expo
Jess (whoozica): oooo neato
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah its tiny and moves around but also like. Its so close and i know where all the good parking is so. \
Marisa (Mawisa): Today is my 365th consecutive day in Japan :dab_chunni: 
And my 502nd day in Japan total AMA
Matt (mattmyers25): What is your favorite go to food there?
Marisa (Mawisa): UuuuuuUUUUH
If I need energy and am very hungry, tonkatsu
If I want a snack, yukimi daifuku
If I’m cooking for myself, udon
If I’m going out to eat, ramen or Italian food.
Marisa (Mawisa): If the gods have blessed me and I can find it cheaply, inarizushi and chocolate warabi
Marisa (Mawisa): How about u what is ur food
Matt (mattmyers25): That is hard. 
For a snack, I try and grab some fruit
Usually it is soup, instant ramen, or subs
Matt (mattmyers25): Depends on my laziness level
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Matt really likes subs/hoagies cause he always mentions about grabbing that to eat when we out XDD~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *ramen or Italian food*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Pasta. Is. Life.~~
Marisa (Mawisa): There’s a chain store called Saizeriya here that’s super cheap and sells Italian food. They have good corn. Most meals are like $3 or $4, but meals here aren’t big and you never take food home after eating
Marisa (Mawisa): “Pastaaaaaaaa~” 🇮🇹
Marisa (Mawisa): Subway has different toppings in different countries
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://giphy.com/gifs/pasta-11PZ4tdqk60cAU
Marisa (Mawisa): *i did it I called the hetalia out. Neeeeerd*
Marisa (Mawisa): Subway here has very very few toppings but they offer shrimp on your sandwich
Erik (Red Riot Thot): OoooOOOoooo 🦐
Marisa (Mawisa): Some fancier restaurants will give balls of jelly-like substance to girls for free and it’s supposed to help with cellulite or something
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Marisa (Mawisa): I don’t like going to new restaurants alone because you have to call over waitstaff or they’ll never come to your table and I always feel it’s rude
Tom (tomukuncosplay): SOOSH
Tom (tomukuncosplay): SOOSH ALL DAY
Marisa (Mawisa): Saizeriya is good they have a button to summon waiters
Marisa (Mawisa): Upscale conveyor belt sushi is scary because you have to tell the people what you want if you don’t see it but they never hear me so I have to yell at them and the cheaper places are better
Marisa (Mawisa): Also drowning in wasabi at fancy places djfkdmsndalgidjd
Marisa (Mawisa): You can get French fries at the cheap conveyor belt sushi places 🍟
Marisa (Mawisa): And hamburger sushi
Marisa (Mawisa): What is best sushi
Tom (tomukuncosplay): That sounds perfect
Tom (tomukuncosplay): All of that
Anna (Cadmium): I just had to explain what yeet meant to my boss. ]
Marisa (Mawisa): 'kobe' for accuracy 'yeet' for distance
Anna (Cadmium): because she said 'fleek' and i thought she said yeet and i was like. what are you yeeting?
Anna (Cadmium): what if you want a moderate combination of both though
Marisa (Mawisa): o ur boss is on fleek
Anna (Cadmium): my boss. is not on fleek.
Anna (Cadmium): neither of them
Anna (Cadmium): although i did explain that if its an adjective that describes lettuce or cheddar its probably ok to use as slang
Marisa (Mawisa): spicy
