Anna (Cadmium): I'm a genius. I bought those puppy wee wee pads so I can put them out so if crunch pees on them it's easy to clean
Georgia (Something Sensible): Im so glad that sentence didn’t go where I was worried it would go
Anna (Cadmium): LMFAO
Anna (Cadmium): Skin wars episode. The challenge is head to toe original anime personality. 
Uh. 
I'm concerned
Anna (Cadmium): They're all making warriors
Anna (Cadmium): Why can't yall do slice of life
Jamie (Jamie): So evil yet smart is that in the same parking lot as planet fitness is a freaking mcd's tempting everyone
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof XD
ZombieHunter: 
ZombieHunter: 
ZombieHunter: <@!334090409389195266>  doesn’t wanna be my friend anymore
ZombieHunter: 😂😂😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): DAMN RIGHT
ZombieHunter: IM A GOOD PERSON DAMNIT
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Concept: Doodlebob wearing a Yankees uniform. *Yankee Doodle*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thanks. I hate it
Jess (whoozica): Friendly reminder with con season approaching, and seasonal depreesies doin their thing that you're all good at what you do! Everyone has strengths and weakness but no one is better than anyone else! Just thought there might be a few people who needed to hear that. ❤
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THANKS. I HATE IIT.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fdkhasdfjklshdl
Matt (mattmyers25): And now someone should cosplay that
Anna (Cadmium): nehoy miNO
Matt (mattmyers25): https://youtu.be/QkLVTnIRTNk
ZombieHunter: Update: My physics professor gave me a B+? My GPA is a 3.23
ZombieHunter: See vent.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!386874959009415170> https://www.amazon.com/PowerA-Joy-Pro-Controller-Charging-Dock/dp/B075FF6HDN?ascsubtag=7760baa0d11138148ee1b5697983d5518fad526b&tag=kinjadeals-20 I have one of these, they nice.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *It's on sale, I wasn't just encouraging you to buy shit for no reason*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): lol thanks. I have a charging dock for my joycons though
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://lifehacker.com/organize-your-thoughts-with-this-markdown-note-taking-a-1831803591
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I *swear* by markdown (tldr discord formatting) for notetaking. I use my code editor for my notes, but if you need a good note taking application, anything supporting markdown is choice.
Georgia (Something Sensible): TFW you realize you havent cleared your recycle bin since may of last year oof
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think... I think I'm actually relatively caught up on my work? ~~granted it would have gotten done a lot sooner if I didn't dick around, but still~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *I can finally give my office a good cleaning*
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://georgiaphysics.com/
Georgia (Something Sensible): WERE LIVE NOW BOIS
Georgia (Something Sensible): its very smol and not very filled with content yet but after _intense laboring_ i got everything together
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AYYYYYYYYYY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): looks great!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I like how "sewing" is your subtle way of mentioning your cosplay hobby
Georgia (Something Sensible): ;3c
Georgia (Something Sensible): because recruiters are looking at my site i dont wanna put YAH I DO THE COSPLAY BOIS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but like, lowkey, I've been debating how to mention cosplay as a hobby when I'm in interviews... Like when they ask what kind of stuff I do outside of work I've mentioned that I play music and that seemed to go alright, but like, how do I make "I make costumes and props that I wear to nerd conventions" sound a little less... juvenile?
Georgia (Something Sensible): ive been wondering that too
Georgia (Something Sensible): its hard, cause it can come off as juvenile too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I feel like a rebel cause I just straight out say. Like eyy I'm a nerd xD may change though when out of college and get a real job lol. ~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you dont need to mention you go to nerd conventions, but saying that you "create costumes and props" usually doesnt come off bad
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): at least thats what ive found
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^^
Rebecca (madameterralupus): People usually associate it with theater stuff at first
Erik (Red Riot Thot): like when I get a 3D printer, I can definitely mention that because that can actually be incorporated into my field
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): as long as youre not like "haha i dress up like japanese cartoon characters and naruto run"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'd avoid saying cosplay. What Leanna said is good.
Georgia (Something Sensible): i pretend to die a lot yup thats the reality
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Make it accessible.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because honestly cosplay has given me a lot of skills that i didnt have before i started
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the word"cosplay" comes off weird
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): costumes is better
Erik (Red Riot Thot): lol actually when I was talking to the salesman I bought Solidworks from he asked what I was planning on designing and I actually said "cosplay props" and I think he thought I said "play props" for theater lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): often i'll get asked "oh like what kind of things do you make?" and thats when i can kind of gauge whether its ok to say nerdy things
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Usually the jobs I've had (like my current one) I just say I do costumes and then they connect to cosplay themselves and then they are like ohhh that's cool. Don't seem to have an issue with it 🤷🏻‍♀️
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but a lot of the time, most people are VERY interested in hearing about it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^ valid
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, I was at the photo store yesterday. I said 'portraits' not 'cosplay'.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Later I can elaborate, but let them warm up to you before you zing em with the nerd.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yep
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also engineering (in my experience) is a 'older' field, so they'll be more judgemental.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): CS goes half and half.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah all of my interviews have been with older dudes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): like 60+
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Except here my one boss is like 40 something
Georgia (Something Sensible): physics is nothing but old dudes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): My boss is in his 50s, but he also has zelda as his ringtone so hes an odd bird.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): All I really know about my boss is that he likes soccer and RHCP
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Usually like forties or older will probs me judgemental on cosplay. I've noticed people under that age are like oh yo that's cool, tell me more. I have met a few people over forty though who are interested in it or don't care (like my one old boss and framing Eric.)
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There was a good while it was just me and Gord. We have a rather friendly relationship for VP and Data Engineer.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Wait, I lie. I've had an interview with a guy who was probably in his mid to late 30s
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just my experience working with several people in several age ranges at diff places who I tell i cosplay lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~maybe i just havent met anyone whos *that* judgemental~~
Jess (whoozica): my coworker asked why i had started eating better already (cuz summer isnt for like 5 months still) and i mentioned i do cosplay, he asked whats that and i gave a really short explanation and her was like "OH my daughter in law does that!"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Even talking to like... eldery people about "costumes" they usually want to hear more
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I still don't talk tooooo much about cons. Just that I go, they for anime, and I photograph them.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think I've only told two people at work I cosplay and it's because the one is a huge nerd (loves Marvel, Doctor Who, DnD, etc) and the other is also a huge nerd and actually used to cosplay
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee usually people are p chill. I've only ever met one person who thought it was an absolute disgrace but she was a huge bitch about every hobby unless you could make a career out of it  sooo
Jess (whoozica): before all my friends here go fired, i hadnt mentioned it to anyone yet. My one coworker went to comic con and my coworkers made fun of him and i was like "wow way to be assholes guys"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ugh speaking of elderly people, I wish my grandpa was still alive because I bet he would think my costumes are neat. Wouldn't understand at all who any of the characters would be but I used to love dressing up as a kid and I'd go over to their house dressed as a pirate and he and I would play pirates together
Erik (Red Riot Thot): He loved seeing me do theater too
Jess (whoozica): awww ❤
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh big mood erik, my grandpa was very similar
Jess (whoozica): my grandma is happy im finally using some of the sewing stuff she taught me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Aww 😦
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): he used to have to wear an eyepatch because something was wrong with his eye and bought a pirate hat one day and just ASUUMED the role of pirate
Jess (whoozica): my grandpa would think is weird af ~~he thought tom was weird cuz he had long hair~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AWW
Jess (whoozica): adorable
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My grandparents... all so photogenic 😂
Jess (whoozica): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): My grandfather would have loved the propmaking aspect of cosplay. He was a skilled machinist and woodworker. I still use tools he made in many of my own projects.
Jess (whoozica): My dad helped my make magnhild but I think he was kinda bummed I didn't need more help 😂 he was like "wait that's it?" He has good ideas on materials too. If I still lived at home I bet my prob game would be stronget
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaaa my dad has helped me on a lot of my stuff too. He's done most of the work in all my props. 🤷🏻‍♀️ i think he's the same like your dad Jess, wants to help more cause keeps him entertained xD
My grandpa has helped me some too. Like with my Yona bow and Yoko rifle
Anna (Cadmium): same. everyone needs a dad with tools in their life be it an actual dad or a metaphorical dad or honorary dad.
Jess (whoozica): My dad's really interested in the props for sure
Jess (whoozica): He was like "how the hell did you turn floor tiles into guns"
Anna (Cadmium): My dad helped me with  some stuff and like. materials as well. brother with materials too. ~~i hired him to make me a gamma gun~~ 
yes continue to impress the dad
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm honestly surprised that more dads don't help with cosplay. It's a chance to show off dad skills, and then act goofy while running around in costume.  

When I got back from Kotoricon, one dad picking up his daughter gave me a dubious look. I was all "Dude, you're wearing an eagles jersey. You are literally cosplaing Nick Foles"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sport cosplay
Anna (Cadmium): they dont realize how many power tools are actually involved. they think its more sewing n stuff but.
Anna (Cadmium): that dad who accidentally cosplays doctor who
Mark (Mad Doctor): I think I've used my Dremel for non cosplay projects a total of three times
Jess (whoozica): my parents just gave me their dremel cuz they never use it
Jess (whoozica): my dad knows how to sew too he could be a lit cosplayer
Anna (Cadmium): i have my mom's airbrush and compressor because shes not using it ~~but she wont just give it to me ugh~~
Anna (Cadmium): get him into it. add another con dad
Jess (whoozica): Ive had my brothers airbrush since high school but i have no compressor and i suck at airbrushing
Jess (whoozica): look ill be happy if i can get my dad to dress up for the renn faire that he keeps saying hes going to do
Jess (whoozica): i told him to do a rick (walking dead) cosplay cuz hes like obsessed with it
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i just want it to be mine cause i dont wanna dish out $300 for an iwata and a compressor~~
Jess (whoozica): yea i borrowed the dremel  and they were like "well let you now if we ever need it"
Anna (Cadmium): so never
Jess (whoozica): YUP
Anna (Cadmium): i need a mouse sander tbh
Anna (Cadmium): but my parents use all their tools
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'll be happy to reach out to any parents on the fence if you need help dragging them to the dark side
Anna (Cadmium): to be fair its just the distance that makes it hard for me to use my parents. my dad made me a 5' sorority paddle in a half hour
Anna (Cadmium): instead of having us spend $140 on it
Jess (whoozica): ye me too my parents are like 50 mins awy, while its not extremly far, its not like i can just pop by real quick
Anna (Cadmium): jelly. 
honestly ill probs move back home in 4 years if i cant move to PA or NY near the border
Anna (Cadmium): and then i get the tools
Jess (whoozica): where do your parents live?
Anna (Cadmium): over by the connecticut border in NY
Anna (Cadmium): i live like. middle of suffolk county NY on long island (it sucks)
Jess (whoozica): oo yea thats pretty far
Anna (Cadmium): i wish i had gotten a job back home though because like. i move out and then im salivating over my dad's workshop
Jess (whoozica): mood XD
Jess (whoozica): my house technically has a workshop but its all my uncles stuff and it extremely unorganized and im afraif to touch it
Jess (whoozica): i should really clean it up XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): downstsirs
Anna (Cadmium): ~~clean it and make it yours. take what you find~~
Anna (Cadmium): finders keepers
Jess (whoozica): ye the basement
Jess (whoozica): "mine now btich"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Clean up the basement and turn into a fallout themed bar~~
Jess (whoozica): you gon help?
Georgia (Something Sensible): 👀
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *ngl I bet you could get some volunteers*
Jess (whoozica): who wants to have an allergy attack in my 60 year old basement?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~It has a vintage pool table and a full bar built in~~
Jess (whoozica): it has a broken pool table
Jess (whoozica): which you could help me carry to the curb while sneezing!
Georgia (Something Sensible): how it broke?
Jess (whoozica): its not a good slate one, its warped from having boxes ontop of it
Jess (whoozica): so u hit the balls and they just go back to the middle
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The Brauns owned Billiard Towne for 40 something years. Also... created, Billiard Towne.
Jess (whoozica): Billiard thats you!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's just advanced pool, having to fight gravity
Georgia (Something Sensible): YOOOO IM HERE FOR IT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that would be specially fun drunk
Jess (whoozica): or frustrating XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): a little of both
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fun for like 10 mins
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): then agressively aggravating
Jess (whoozica): its ok, get made, break the table, and its easier to get to the curb
Erik (Red Riot Thot): keep it for stress relief. shitty day? go to town on it with an axe
Jess (whoozica): yea but then i gotta clean that up and cleaning is stressful XD
Anna (Cadmium): Sounds like need a shop vac
Jess (whoozica): oh have that too, its also broken!
Anna (Cadmium): .............have u considered. renting a small dumpster. and. we all come over with booze and help u clean
Jess (whoozica): im not like super motivated to clean it out. its not my stuff for one, and 2 im not sure i wanna spend time/money renovating if im gonna move out in the next year or 2
Anna (Cadmium): thats fair
Jess (whoozica): cleaning it out prob would be a good idea but my town does bulk pick up everyweek so id prob just put it out for that
Matt (mattmyers25): Looks like reddit is upset
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Seriously give Yang abs
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): she deserves them
Tom (tomukuncosplay): She better have Mikasa level abs by next episode or I'm protesting
Georgia (Something Sensible): Girl Scout cookies at 5 dollars nowadays? Wut?
Georgia (Something Sensible): When I was like 12 they were 3.50 what has happened to the Girl Scout cookie economy
Jess (whoozica): "back in my day"
Matt (mattmyers25): Pepperidge farm remembers
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i know I feel so old_
