Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I am seeing spamalot tonight. I will bang coconuts in your honor Mark.
Mark (Mad Doctor): ni
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Random messages are so odd
Mark (Mad Doctor): If that is a conversation starter, *where does the conversation go from there?*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~it doesn’t if she smart~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I declined it
Georgia (Something Sensible): But what a wild stares
Mark (Mad Doctor): Maybe it's just a bad spelling of "good"
Jess (whoozica): <@351785752197201920>  just blew my mind by telling me Cotton Eyed Joe is Swedish
Marisa (Mawisa): explain
Jess (whoozica): Oh wait
Jess (whoozica): Ok so it's not originally swedish but the popular one is swedish
Jess (whoozica): 
Marisa (Mawisa): So we finally know
He came from Sweden
Marisa (Mawisa): Now we have to find out where did he go
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U Kno cotton eyed Joe is about an STD right
Jess (whoozica): Yea
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@301927856240459777>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Did you know
Anna (loud and likely blonde): You didn't know Tupac was dead idk your musical knowledge
Georgia (Something Sensible): WHAT
Georgia (Something Sensible): IT IS?
Jess (whoozica): Apparently???
Jess (whoozica): Like the dance-pop in we all dance too
Marisa (Mawisa): Niooo ooooo
Marisa (Mawisa): My musical knowledge is compromised of anime not these sin songs
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It is.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Do u. Want me to link proof
Marisa (Mawisa): TOMORROW IS THE OWL BUT TODAY IS GROUNDHOG'S DAY AND NO ONE TOLD ME?
Marisa (Mawisa): WHAT HAPPENED TO THE SHADOW
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Dad said according to different states it varied. ~~Of course~~ Idk what PA was cause idc LOL. As for your state, NJ... no clue. 
Either way it's gonna be winter for 6 more weeks... Like... I mean just look at the weather the past few days XDD
Marisa (Mawisa): we go with phil i'm pretty sure
at least i've always heard the weather based on phil's prediction and this year he didn't see his shadow
Rebecca (madameterralupus): According to the first article I pulled up,  Punxsutawney Phil predicted early Spring
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙄
Rebecca (madameterralupus): WHERE?!
Jess (whoozica): 🙏
Marisa (Mawisa): o lawd it comin
Rebecca (madameterralupus): There's fucking snow outside, freezing temps and ice... Phil go home! You drunk XDDD
Mark (Mad Doctor): Phil is deep into Katsucrunch and couldn't really be bothered to do an accurate prediction this year
Mark (Mad Doctor): https://www.theonion.com/depressed-groundhog-sees-shadow-of-rodent-he-once-was-1819574495?utm_source=Facebook&utm_campaign=SF&utm_content=Main&utm_medium=SocialMarketing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): This has been a great thrifting weekend
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I just found new yang boots and other shoes
Marisa (Mawisa): when's the halftime show
Jamie (Jamie): I have a tiny creative making things with my extra supplies its cute
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awwww
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Gotta start them young
Jess (whoozica): <@289944569410224129>  is it you or Mag that's having gin and tonic 👀
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Is anyone actually watching super bowl?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .... me... I'm having the saddest superbowl party
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO it's mag
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm driving rn
Marisa (Mawisa): i hear squidward is gonna introduce the halftime show
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I bought clearance cupcakes and chips and dip
Jess (whoozica): My kinda girl👌 also she inspired me for after my workout
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yas
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Gin is the besr
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’ve got one other family and my sisters boyfriend. We actually like football though.
Jess (whoozica): YAS thank you omg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I hate football but it's like...a ritual
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If I dont qatch it I feel weird
Jess (whoozica): I don't have cable so
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Here’s your primer to the game nerds: patriots are favorite to win but douches.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Probably watching a bit. Like the beginning, halftime show, and end
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Will probably pop off for a bit to work on cosplay
Anna (loud and likely blonde): What Is a football
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): When I was a kid it was “eat junk food, like, all of it in front of the tv” day.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We’d order pizza, and Chinese, and wings...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Don’t do that anymore but I get the tradition feeling.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I call it avoiding traffic on the interstate
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Gotta drive friens
Erik (Red Riot Thot): We always do hoagies for Super Bowl
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Last year I went to a friend's and his family is diehard Eagles fans
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): -doesnt tall to most of my family anymore
-still feels obligated to watch superbowl and have a 1 man superbowl party
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It was a time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oof
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Aww you should have said something.
Marisa (Mawisa): Rev. Dr. King gives off major senpai vibes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea she does
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So is started less than a minute agao and men are already slapping eachothers asses 🤔
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Hmm
Marisa (Mawisa): Everyone start posting your theories and predictions 
I think the ball will be a decoy and the real football is with the demon king who’ll show up in season three
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I think season 2 a goat herder will take control of all the rams
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We have it on to watch while family's over. Mostly care about half time but better than news being on and brother starting debates over it xD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I dunno, I think maybe there'll be a giant mech battle in space
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ooo shit, that's a good theory
Marisa (Mawisa): i am so pumped for squidward and sweet victory if it doesn't happen im gonna chew my foot off
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Same marisa
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Same tbh
Mark (Mad Doctor): My son, media junkie, wants to watch the Superbowl for the ads. I made five dozen wings and we gorged. Likely will not make it to halftime
Marisa (Mawisa): post-halftime show bne foot chewing party bring your hacksaws
Mark (Mad Doctor): The Mutter Museum (home to the world's largest colon) is hosting a Superbowel party
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So, are backstreet boys on tour again now that they have new music again, asking for .. a friend
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ooooh that Captain Marvel trailer
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~not sure if new or not~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Got to go taunt Audrey for missing it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ngl my first thought was " is this female top gun?"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And then I realized no it's just as gay but better than top gun
