ZombieHunter: @here can we plan board game nights cuz. I own SO MANY but no one to play with
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The delimma of everyone who owns board games.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: borderdland
ZombieHunter: <@!184437198865563648>  we need to stop cthulhu
Anna (Blonde Banshee): PLS i want to get into board games but like. never have ppl who want to sit and play. last time i played it was literally ticket to ride over a year ago at 1AM at work
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I backed the Trogdor game which is set to release this summer I think so ye need people to help burninate things
Anna (Blonde Banshee): one weekend do we all wanna just do a friends like. ice cream/ralph's + board games + sleepover?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Also yes
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~lets rent an Air bnb and just. board games. all weekend
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: ey bitches I'm in the UK where the dollar is lowkey useless, and the Brits are ready to secede from Europe just like we did 243(?) years  ago
Mark (Mad Doctor): They should enjoy that. Brits like irony.
Do they have decent coffee there yet?
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Eat ur weight in kinder eggs
Anna (Blonde Banshee): https://www.etsy.com/shop/ThePinPrick/items
Anna (Blonde Banshee): this person makes so many tiny pride pins they're beautiful
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@245270932602486784> I'm sorry but Dunkin gets negative points today because they have a Peeps donut
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yum
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh god
Georgia (Something Sensible): DunkIN WHY
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Apparently there's a Peeps coffee to accompany it
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I like peeps but Dunkin what the fuck
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Holy shit I just. Found the cringiest thing
Anna (Blonde Banshee): 
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I GUESS I KEPT THIS BOOK COVER I MADE FROM HIGH SCHOOL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omggg XD
Mark (Mad Doctor): As a history teacher, I am both impressed and horrified.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Honestly that's something I would have made in HS too LMAO
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I got a 99 on that regents if it makes it easier to swallow
Anna (Blonde Banshee): But. I am also horrified
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I'm going to burn this
Rebecca (madameterralupus): D:
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Mark (Mad Doctor): I had a student show me clips of Hetalia after class. She aced my class
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Holy fuck my brother found my watercolor sketch book
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Why, bc she was good or u didn't. Want to admit u knew what hetalia was
Anna (Blonde Banshee): BRB GONNA ART DUMP IN FANART
Rebecca (madameterralupus): In HS we showed my on history teacher hetalia and she showed it in some of the classes for fun XD
Mark (Mad Doctor): She introduced me to it. She's also a coaplayer and an all American swimmer in Olympic development. And yes, the scenes she showed me were inappropriate for in-class viewing
