ZombieHunter: Ghats a Filipino dish
Georgia (Something Sensible): What the fuck? Streetlight Manifesto is from New Brunswick
Georgia (Something Sensible): theyre like actually a popular band
Jamie (Jamie): This toothpaste is trying a little too hard to sound like its better than other plain tooth pastes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Bougie tooth paste
Marisa (Mawisa): That’s Melaluca toothpaste it’s like $10+ a tube
Anna (Cadmium): ew its an MLM product
Anna (Cadmium): ~~at least its not monat~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i read that as mlem~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I did too lol~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mlem Products ™
Anna (Cadmium): as opposed to blep products?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mlem products is what Ilia uses to style her hair XD
Blep is what Blake uses
Anna (Cadmium): lmfao
~~seriously tho ppl dont use monat unless you want chemical burns~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~sign me up~~
Anna (Cadmium): no
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~whats Monat~~
Anna (Cadmium): a multi-level-marketing ~~pyramid scheme~~ hair care company.
Anna (Cadmium): with like. tons of pending lawsuits
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Oof yikes. Chemical burns?!~~ <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> ~~Who allowed this stuff to even pass and be used if it does that...~~
Anna (Cadmium): it also makes your hair fall out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (Cadmium): but ppl who shill it say 'your hair is just detoxing from all the bad shampoo you used to use' no karen
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i am incredibly well versed on the horrors of multi level marketing~~
Jess (whoozica): ooo yea i was complaining about those yesterday <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (Cadmium): YES ANOTHER COMRADE
Jess (whoozica): like 
*person who hasnt talked to me in ages suddenly messages me*
*narrows eyes*
"so you wanna buy some (insert product here)?"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yikes, dos that actually happen
Anna (Cadmium): omfg literally someone friended me from college and i get a DM like two hours later i immediately answer with 'did you add me just to try to sell me itWorks cause it doesnt'
Anna (Cadmium): ~~bruh~~
Anna (Cadmium): my little sold cutco for a while and literally could not understand why i was so pissed because shes so pushy to start and then add mlm sales tactics on top of that
Jess (whoozica): iTworks, LuLaRoe, Essential Living or whatever its called, Pampered Chef, Avon, Mary Kay UGH
Anna (Cadmium): ~~a herbalife hun followed me on my cosplay account and im like what part of my profile makes it seem like you can sell me stuff~~
Anna (Cadmium): Young Living.
Jess (whoozica): THAT
Anna (Cadmium): with gary young who drowned his damn child
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~oh the jewelry stuff too i assume~~
Anna (Cadmium): but huns like to ignor that
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Jess (whoozica): thats what i was talking about after dinner last night XD
Anna (Cadmium): Origami Owl, Thirty One (i think)
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ohhhhhhhhhhhh because of kurtis
Jess (whoozica): YEA my cousin tried to sell me Thirsty One
Anna (Cadmium): lmfao 
PURE ROMANCE WHY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg 😂
Anna (Cadmium): AND YOUNIQUE
Jess (whoozica): she also tried to sell me some weight loos shit beofre i got married?!
Jess (whoozica): and i was like "uhhhh... I dont think i need to loss weight right now but thanks for trying to take advantage of me because of my impending wedding"
Anna (Cadmium): omfg thats awful
Jess (whoozica): right? like WTF
Anna (Cadmium): i do feel bad for ppl who jump from one mlm to the next cause theyre obviously in a terrible place to keep jumping ship but. you wont make any money and youre just gonna ostracize literally your entire friend group and family
Anna (Cadmium): ~~but also like who has the mindset where its ok to approach ppl and offer them weight loss stuff~~
Jess (whoozica): yea :/ like my cousin has kids and doesn't have a job so she does it to feel like shes contributing tot he family financially but like
Jess (whoozica): i dont wanna buy shit
Anna (Cadmium): thats just gonna suck more money than youll make though
Jess (whoozica): yea they been tricked by the system
Anna (Cadmium): like selling stuff she finds at yard sales on etsy would make more money
Anna (Cadmium): i think lularoe is getting slammed by california rn though as a pyramid scheme
Anna (Cadmium): and ayyyyyy the government is re-booted.
Jess (whoozica): thank god
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): didn't it reboot friday?
Jess (whoozica): ummm i think the motion passed friday but it didnt start till today? not sure though
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Savvy.
Anna (Cadmium): mag is just very happy to go back to work. 
maybe my DEC website apps are back up and running
Erik (Red Riot Thot): my ex sold Lu La Roe. The products themselves were decent but madly overpriced
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I liked the long sleeve henley shirts but they were like $45 a pop
Jess (whoozica): ~~i also have a whole other issue where all these things always seem to be marketed toward primarily women~~
Jess (whoozica): my dad didnt understand why it bothered me so much and then i was like "Imagine your friend invites you to a party, they hand you a beer, and then some sales person lectures you on why you should buy a certain brand of tool for an hour." or "what if your brother was always DMing you like "bro you gotta buy this brand of leather wallet"
Anna (Cadmium): ~~you ever got told you needed to buy Primerica cause i did~~
Anna (Cadmium): thats one of the only 'men centered' ones i can think of so you def right its leeching off the idea that women will try to sell to other women, primarily
Jess (whoozica): yea i mean there are "men ones" it just feels like they prey on women, especially ones that maybe are stay at home moms or something like that
Anna (Cadmium): i wanna say it probs goes back to tupperware and mary kay but i could be wrong. 
~~and military spouses~~
Jess (whoozica): ☝
Jess (whoozica): yeaaaa, and avon
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fun Fact: first time I went to the Kalahari was for a LuLaRoe ~~cult gathering~~ conference
Jess (whoozica): OMG yea they are really culty ive heard
Anna (Cadmium): y i k e. 
Glad you are now a LLR survivor
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like, you have to be really lucky to be able to actually make a decent living from that. My ex was trying to make that her full-time job because she fucked up trying to plan her future. But when you don't interact with your family and have little to no close friends it's kind of hard to start a following to actually sell enough
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And lord knows meeting people out of school is hell.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): especially as a single mom
Anna (Cadmium): you dont even make money from that, you make money from recruiting people to sell  so thats even worse
Erik (Red Riot Thot): YEAH
Anna (Cadmium): did she get out?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Well, as a mom you have the events your kids go to to meet other moms.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): after she dumped me yeah
Erik (Red Riot Thot): luckily if you decided you didn't want to do it anymore you could return your stock and get at least most of your money back
Jess (whoozica): i mean depends on how old your kid is, 2 yr olds dont go to events XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but I think I dropped like 2 grand to help her get new inventory
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): sure yeah.
Anna (Cadmium): another yikes. multiple yikes
~~my mom dragged me to events at 2 what~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): because she was basically *broke*
Anna (Cadmium): my wallet is crying for past you dude
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah stupid me refused when she offered to pay it back (*if* she ever could have)
Jess (whoozica): too good for this world, too pure
Erik (Red Riot Thot): that was before she turned into a lying snake
Anna (Cadmium): i wouldnt call that stupid. she probably literallly would never have been able to pay it back so that might have been a lie itself
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And this way you don't have a lingering point of contact.
Anna (Cadmium): i feel we dragged up some memories for u and i am sorry
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): With some people, worth the sacrifice to have them outta yo life. <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jess (whoozica): when someone i know is broke tells my theyll pay me back I just file that under "good intentions that wont come true"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): speaking of which, she was supposed to have her dad pay me back for a psych session for her kid...
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): only mood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof I feel that big time. Pretty sure my ex still owes me money from me covering his costs to get into things we had planned to do... never gonna see that cash back though 😩
Anna (Cadmium): sometimes its better just to cut those losses
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ain't worth the trouble and stress. Or fucking contact w/ them again LOL
Anna (Cadmium): not an ex but im hella never getting money back from some of my 'line sisters'. I put them in quotes because one of them is dead to me for several reasons
Marisa (Mawisa): first!!11
Marisa (Mawisa): anime
Marisa (Mawisa): i like anime
Marisa (Mawisa): i think the current isekai trend is moving towards a nostalgia trend where they're rebooting old shows and giving modern anime a more retro feel. even isekai have begun to include that with older video game-style worlds. of course you still have the pandering fanservice shows and there are a lot more anime original series (outside of studio trigger) which mean the big studios are more willing to take risks. there's also a bad  streak of announcing an anime way before anything is actually set in stone and it just causes the fans to become impatient as they wait months and years for news of an adaptation. fads are moving quicker so popular shows are being churned out and then forgotten while the studios are still making merch and movies for it.
more gritty shows are also becoming popular and while the number of serious/gritty anime is nowhere near similar to the ratio of gritty manga, i think we're slowly moving in that direction and will see more shows that push the envelope of what can be considered "ok" to broadcast on TV or sell to consumers. like, look at goblin slayer and the promised neverland, the first chapter of which was almost never published in shounen jump because it was too dark and now it's being hailed as anime of the season in many circles
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't think fads are moving faster.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they are, just in general
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not specific to anime/tv shows
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Isekai has been around for like, 3 years.
Marisa (Mawisa): everything's moving faster because the earth today is like sonic the hedgehog
it's just hard for companies to keep up so while the fad may have started several years ago companies are only getting around to animating them now because it takes years to produce an anime
Marisa (Mawisa): ya it's been around for 3 years and look how prevalent it is. people are sick of it already and new isekai manga are slowly starting to dwindle
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i mean i obviously ont know jack about anime~~ but in general, trends in media are moving much faster due to the high traffic of people using it and the shortening attention span of people nowadays
Marisa (Mawisa): remember bowsette
what happened to her, no one makes art of her anymore
Marisa (Mawisa): the mecha trend lasted for like 15-20 years
Anna (Cadmium): to be fair bowsette was really just for the lewds
Marisa (Mawisa): the idol trend has severely died down, it still exists but every other app and show isn't all idol-centric anymore. maybe one per season so we can say the idol trend lasted like... 8 years or so? 9 years?
Marisa (Mawisa): assuming it started with k-on
Marisa (Mawisa): bowsette is dead and the short span of modern trends has killed her
Marisa (Mawisa): rest in pieces
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the best example is memes tbh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like as stupid as that is
Marisa (Mawisa): the line between what is 'anime' is also getting blurred since studios are now working together internationally. rwby is an anime. it's made in the US but is treated exactly like any other anime is in japan - sold in anime stores and has anime events. miraculous ladybug is an anime. it was originally gonna be produced by toei it was literally anime to begin with and even though it's 3d animation now it's still considered on par with other anime shows in japan. people fought over what 'true anime' is a lot but i don't think it matters much anymore
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mems cycle SO fast now
Marisa (Mawisa): remember when memes would last for months
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ YEA
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee
Marisa (Mawisa): chuck testa is the final nail in the coffin that i remember. any memes after that were dead in a matter of hours.
Marisa (Mawisa): steven universe had an episode that was partially drawn by guest animators from TRIGGER that was neat
Anna (Cadmium): spiders georg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): recently?
Anna (Cadmium): honestly i think tumblr culture helped make the death of memes quicker
Marisa (Mawisa): about 2 years ago
Anna (Cadmium): like the mass amount of things you could see so RAPIDLY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea youre right
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rip Bowsette I loved that.
Marisa (Mawisa): this sequence here was animated by trigger
it's got those iconic butterflies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHg50mdODFM
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Something will fill the isekai spot for the next 3 years soon enough. Maybe gritter shows like goblin slayer.
Anna (Cadmium): then itll rebound to the exact opposite
Marisa (Mawisa): reboots and anime of old manga that never got anime
we've gotten new sailor moon, flcl, cardcaptor sakura, fruits basket, black jack
we've gotten adaptations of parasyte, banana fish, haikara-san
i just had a really good thought then i immediately forgot it lol
Marisa (Mawisa): OH YEAH i remember
Marisa (Mawisa): if the disney remakes are successful then expect anime remakes to go way up
disney is incredibly popular in japan, like arguably moreso than it is here, people in tokyo go crazy for anything disney and every girl can talk about disney for hours
disney is also the reason modern anime exists in its current form, people will probably continue looking to disney as a role model and if their remakes of classic animated series are popular in japan then animation companies will get on board with the remake bandwagon
Marisa (Mawisa): fingers crossed for a kanata kara anime 👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): Turns out that brown ranger guy made a new Instagram
Georgia (Something Sensible): And now he’s shitting on @emberarendelle
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee I saw.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I never even heard of him until Zombie brought him up
Georgia (Something Sensible): Fun games in New Brunswick, eccentric professor, or homeless person?
Anna (Cadmium): ember doesnt deserve this shit
Anna (Cadmium): is hard mode guessing homeless or eccentric after 8pm
Georgia (Something Sensible): Y e a h
Jamie (Jamie): Ah yes mlm stuff reminds me that my mom was selling for one for awhile called "passion parties" that i think was later bought out by pure romance.  There was something quite awkward knowing there was a duffel bag worth of the one type of product just sitting in the house. ~~one glowed in the dark cuz reasons apparently~~
Marisa (Mawisa): nOO
Jamie (Jamie): Most of her customers? Definitely almost all Mennonite women
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh nooo
Jamie (Jamie): They love Jesus ~~a little too much maybe~~
Jamie (Jamie): I do miss the lotions and body scrubs though that was good shit 👌
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh Pure Romance? My sister in law sold that stuff for a while.... She kept trying to get me to buy stuff <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jamie (Jamie): Lmao well my mom never sold for pure romance she stopped selling when they bought the other company. 
She did go to a passion parties convention out in las Vegas so it was a good time for her marked a thing off her bucket list
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Passion Parties* <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That name just... Ahhh
Anna (Cadmium): pure romance is also awful cause they like. will throw men out of parties. like someone said a rep told someone her gay friend had to leave the party bc he was a guy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): wtf?????????
Anna (Cadmium): YEA THEY AWFUL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O.o wat
Anna (Cadmium): n theyre always like teehee this is so naughty but like. 
you ever met a person who works in an adult store. they're like ight so you need a corset? allergic to anything? ok cool lets see try this on this on, hows the fit? whats your mobility? dont like it? ok we need something else then. 
You wanna try _______? ok so you should start with xyz, this is a good starter kit for zyx, its safe for X reasons, etc
Anna (Cadmium): but noooooo pure romance ppl are like middle schoolers tryna sell u stuff for your naughty bits
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ooof..
Rebecca (madameterralupus): PASS
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07JWJDDZT?ascsubtag=998c1b2aa672d68391b5f2601343f916f0633ad7&kinja_price=7&kinja_promocode=5L9WV4A8&tag=kinjadeals-20
Jess (whoozica): after the last thing that was talked baout in this channel, i wa afraid to click that link
Anna (Cadmium): *MY PLEAS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED HELLO GORGEOUS*
Anna (Cadmium): now i can stop holding pins in my mouth for sewing
Jamie (Jamie): I mean they make actual pin cushins that velcro wrap on your wrist too
Jamie (Jamie): I have one of those and also made my regular one into that via stretch fabric that fit snug on my wrist and safety pins lol
Anna (Cadmium): ok but.
Anna (Cadmium): i would stab myself
Anna (Cadmium): plus i can put my drill bits on it
Jamie (Jamie): ~~cant deny i have done this~~
Anna (Cadmium): surprisingly i use both at the same time frequently
Anna (Cadmium): quick question why is the second photo when u search 'present mic' a dakimakura
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~not complaining but~~
Marisa (Mawisa): aren't top searches based on your browser history <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk im on my work computer.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i just searched present mic
Anna (loud and likely blonde): marisa help where can i read the BNHA manga
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need more content asap
Marisa (Mawisa): hewwo
we talkin' legally or back channels
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if its in english and wont give me a virus i dont care
Marisa (Mawisa): for $2 a month you can read it legally on 
https://www.viz.com/shonenjump/chapters/my-hero-academia
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ya girl aint afraid to do shady stuff
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~bold of you to assume im gonna need a month to read it~~
Marisa (Mawisa): no viruses. the other sites are free but i highly recommend good antivirus
Marisa (Mawisa): :3c
Marisa (Mawisa): https://manganelo.com/manga/read_boku_no_hero_academia_manga
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but also thats cheap ill just do that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it has all the chapters?
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah!! it's fully caught up
Marisa (Mawisa): and full chapters of every other shounen jump series
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i mean like. backwards like i could start at chapter 1?
Marisa (Mawisa): it's a great way to help the official releases
Marisa (Mawisa): ye you should be able to lemme double check
Marisa (Mawisa): yup
Anna (loud and likely blonde): two bucks is cheap af imma do that then
Marisa (Mawisa): first three and last three chapters are free, the rest require the $2 subscription but $2 gets you unlimited manga
Marisa (Mawisa): they also have the spin-off manga My Hero Academia: Vigilantes
Marisa (Mawisa): and the rwby manga
Anna (loud and likely blonde): honestly like i stopped reading manga cause i didnt have a place to read it so like ill pay
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~or just use the illegal site like a normal person~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): listen i tried but i cant find an illegal site that has all what i want
Marisa (Mawisa): SUPPORT OUR MANGO INDUSTRY
Anna (loud and likely blonde): what if im allergic
Marisa (Mawisa): **SUPPORT THEM**
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): http://w10.readheroacademia.com/manga/boku-no-hero-academia-chapter-138
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Here's a aite
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~u stop that~~
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): No
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I buy merch to support
Anna (loud and likely blonde): someone find me a site to re-read Black Jack
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Though I may eventually get physical copies
Marisa (Mawisa): if anyone wants the physical japanese copies i know some good sites
i also have a few doubles
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Enjoy spending 400+ on BNHA volumes.
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Exactly I don't have the monies for that
Marisa (Mawisa): oh wow that viz site has a lot of non-shounen jump manga too. i know for a fact suijin no ikenie and mocomochi house is not shounen jump, and fukumenkei noise is a hanayume series. that's really cool.
Marisa (Mawisa): wait nvm those are american physical releases on the calendar. that makes more sense. i have those volumes already owo
Marisa (Mawisa): mocomochi house hasn't updated in forever. give us updates.
Marisa (Mawisa): would anybody have any interest in a weekly anime movie stream? like an online chatroom that plays a movie or a couple of episodes of something
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I'd be down
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO that sounds fun!
Marisa (Mawisa): if there's enough interest we could vote on a day and a movie/show each week, it'd take maybe 2 hours max.
Marisa (Mawisa): i guess react :mew: if you're interested?
Marisa (Mawisa): if u aren't that's cool no pressure <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I'm at Least interested, sounds like it could be neet
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Same
