Erik (Red Riot Thot): One thing I hate about Hollywood nowadays is that it's all reliant on CGI. Like, you can get some eerily realistic looking things with prosthetics and whatnot, but everything is now just mo-cap with fairly fake looking CGI added in post. Idk if that's because maybe it's cheaper or easier, but like, a lot of times CGI is used where it shouldn't
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Wow they... really did taht huh...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm sad
Evie (Katheryne Knight): as a fan of the musical i'm REALLY upset they didn't just do fucking make-up
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like... seriously if you can fucking make Gamora green without CGI, you can do Cats without whatever the fuck this is.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm livid.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): THE FACT THAT MARVEL CAN HAVE ALIEN CHARACTERS THAT LOOK AWESOME IN MAKE-UP BUT THEY HAVE TO DO CGI FOR GODDAMN CATS MAKES ME FUCKING SAD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I've never even seen the musical, but it's just aesthetically displeasing to look at
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The musical the costumes are awesome.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The prostetics look good
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They don't try to actually make them completely look like cats.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): This is the musical on stage

The make-up is over the top and hammy, but it works
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The movie is so eery because they're trying to make it look like really cats but with human proportions
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like, those costumes are super theatrical which is great for a stage musical. I feel like *Cats* is a musical that probably shouldn't be made into a movie...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cats is the one musical that doesn't need a movie
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The story of Cats isn't cohiesive.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's a bunch of stories
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like, it's possible to anthropomorphize a cat without it looking really weird
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's going to get panned because none of the critics are going to understand what is happening, and the visual effects look horrid.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): They could have tried to make them more cat proportioned and shaped?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Didn’t you learn from your mistakes with Sonic Hollywood*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): THEY COULD HAVE JUST DONE... NORMAL CGI CATS IF THEY WERE GOING FOR THE CGI
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Pull a Lion King and just do it that way???
Evie (Katheryne Knight): If they really had to go for the CGI and not the over the top costumes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~isn’t lion king being dragged too~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I heard mixed things about it, but when it comes to its CGI they could have done something like that for Cats instead of this very grotesque anthropormorphic stuff.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Fuck this I'm going to listen to the Beetlejuice original cast foir the 7847328947892783 time.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've never seen Cats but I saw a clip on twitter and just...'yikes... idk man
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay I watched the trailer for this Cats movie on a bigger screen now and yeee... they just lookd really odd. Like all I can fucking think of is mid transformation Animorphs XD
Like who was liek yee these designs look fine lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): Sonic: "I'm a nightmare fuel adaptation of a beloved intellectual property."
Cats: "Hold my beer."
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My parents are like, "NAH THATS MAKE-UP SWEETIE"

I'm like, "No mom...that's not make-up" XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm not faulting them because theya re both 63 but I find it funny XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Tonight's dinner is going to be us arguing about the musical XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): wow the makeup is so good they were able to completely remove their human ears
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: *THATS IT THATS THE PROBLEM I HAVE WITH IT*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): like, with the theater makeup, they have all that fur that covers their ears but this movie, they're so *smooth* looking and it's really disturbing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): at least the whtie one
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): Cat faunus not amused
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Okay so I didn't actually look at the images yesterday when you were talking about it.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Who let the furries handle artistic direction?
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: its not the furries. the furries would have done better
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👆<:valid:420824413592748032>
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: my immediate thought was 'these ppl give fursuiters a bad name
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: the cats need. so much more fur
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: like they dont look enough like cats they look like they have hair like a horse
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: rebecca convinces ppl shes not a furry just about as well as mag and i convince people we arent a couple
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): you... aren't?
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: incredibly. still no
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: .........currently
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao shush Anna xD
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: listen one day youll come out as a furry and one day mag and i are just gonna be like 'we got married for tax benefits'
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: and no one will be surprised at either
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and they have... human noses...
