Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m waiting to go into an escape room for my sisters birthday and this like 8 year old boy is talking about how he watched Deadpool 2
Mark (Mad Doctor): Quality parenting there
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If it's any consolation, my dad took me to see bruno in theaters when it came out... I believe I was still in middle school. So, deadpool 2 probably isnt THAT bad in comparison
Marisa (Mawisa): I went with BoJo to see Deadpool and they didn’t want to sell me the tickets. They literally didn’t believe I was over 20 until my old classmate who worked the concession stand was like “wow how’ve you been since we graduated high school together”
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Benefits of procrastinating: took my car in for an oil change because I'm waaaaaaay overdue (last one was July whoops) and turns out my inspection is due soon anyway so 2 birds 1 stone
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): NICU
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But yeah I was close to 8000 miles since my last oil change...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah I can be bad about that myself.
Georgia (Something Sensible): This one guy at work had a truck with 430,000 miles on it, til a drunk driver hit him and totaled the car
Georgia (Something Sensible): He said the secret was keeping the oil changes, brake pads, and tires up to date
Georgia (Something Sensible): So if you wanna have your car for almost half a million miles, oil changes are the bomb dot com
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): That they are
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I can attest to that my car is falling apart but doing that has kept it going, like a metal Frakenstiens Monster
Anna (Cadmium): Don't forget the calipers and rotors. Actually a secret is get higher quality rotors and you can get them ground down once or twice  instead of having to replace them every time.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I need new front brakes/rotors soonish. They passed inspection but definitely will probably replace them in a couple months
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): You might not be able to get em ground cause some materials aren't made to be ground down
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Also <@386874959009415170> did you get your brakes at someplace that has a lifetime warranty? Cause they might do them for alot less and or free if they are
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I can never remember but maybe?
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Where did you get them done last?
Jess (whoozica): Someone help me <@351785752197201920> is singing In The End by Linkin Park but in Kermit voice
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Why? That's goals
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I always go to Firestone
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I just looked it up and they do
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): https://www.firestonecompleteautocare.com/maintain/service-warranty-options/
Anna (Cadmium): Yea I mean I get the ones you can grind down. They're more expensive but less expensive than an entirely new set. 
I work on my own car with my dad so idk who besides Napa does that rip
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just saw Jess' message about Tom and I can't 😂 omg
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): If anyone likes psychological thrillers there’s a show on Netflix called “you” about a stalker and it has me HOOKED
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I watched 5 epiosdes since I got how@ from work
Jess (whoozica): YO I JUST FINISHED THAT
Jess (whoozica): It's it GOOD
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): A coworker told me about it today and OMG
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Gotta reactivate my Netflix account because Series of Unfortunate Events season 3 is out so maybe I'll check that out as well
Jess (whoozica): DO IT
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): FUCKING DO KT
Jess (whoozica): I really hope it gets a second season cuz I need more
