Anna (Blonde Banshee): Hunter has to wear them JoJo style aka backwards so he doesn't nipple tap himself
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My dad keeps rubbing my arm or knee with his feet thinking it's the dog 😂😂
Jamie (Jamie): Jason and I are up and out bound eastward for park 2 of this impromptu mid week trip. Destination: Bush gardens
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): have fun! last time i went there it was a thousand degrees and i almost passed out, you should have a much better time than i did xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if the Clydesdale horses are out please say hello to them for me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh Busch Gradens is fun!! 😄
ZombieHunter: Petition to kick anna
ZombieHunter: 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rejected.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): everyone throw money at hunter
ZombieHunter: NO
ZombieHunter: ANNA WHY
Anna (Blonde Banshee): do we know any photographers going to anime boston? I know a plus sized cosplayer who always gets ignored bc of their size
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg thats so upsetting what the fuck
Anna (Blonde Banshee): yea they're like. 'im used to being ignored' BRUH IMMA FIGHT PPL FOR U
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): lets fight
Anna (Blonde Banshee): 'will stab as a warning' like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh MOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): lets go, i'm ready to fight ...always
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i mean granted like. this is me
Anna (Blonde Banshee): 
Anna (Blonde Banshee): like if i was a character. it would be izuku midora. crying while punching someone
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we make a good team
Anna (Blonde Banshee): excellent
Anna (Blonde Banshee): thank god we arent gems or in dragon ball imagine if we fused or some shit
Anna (Blonde Banshee): alternatively: Matchin icons for the squad
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): big crybaby with grenade launcher
Anna (Blonde Banshee): literally
Anna (Blonde Banshee): fuck u reminded me i wanna make a bigass grenade launcher for borderlands 3
Anna (Blonde Banshee): but. 
*space*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh fuck that would be cool as fuck tho
Anna (Blonde Banshee): a torgue, of course
Anna (Blonde Banshee): oh my god was that a thing. at katsucon. that people. found TEETH in random places?????
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *what the fuck*
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i mean i randomly found a TOOTH in my old car and that freaked me the fuck out but PUBLIC. TEETH.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they were everywhere apparently
Anna (Blonde Banshee): W H A T
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~yea i randomly found a gold filled tooth in my old car and that was like. horrifying!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh god ew
Anna (Blonde Banshee): yeah MY DAD KNEW IT WAS THERE
Anna (Blonde Banshee): AND NEVER TOLD ME
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WHaT
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I WAS JUST LOOKING FOR LIKE. A BUCK IN CHANGE FOR THE PARKING METER
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AND YOU JUST FOUND A TOOTH?
Anna (Blonde Banshee): the car had at least 3 owners including us and my grandparents *and it wasn't my grandparents tooth*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh my gOD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): YES I FOUND A GOLD FILLED TOOTH
Anna (Blonde Banshee): LIKE A FULL ON MOLAR
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I SCREAMED
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats so fucking gross omGGGGGGG
Anna (Blonde Banshee): my dad's response was 'oh yeah thats there we should sell the gold in it' DAD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): DAD WHAT THE FUCK
Anna (Blonde Banshee): wHAT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IS YOUR DAD OK
Anna (Blonde Banshee): yeah hes just seen a lot of shit he used to work in the bronx
Anna (Blonde Banshee): and as a foreman at a cemetary
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh, that explains everything tbh
Anna (Blonde Banshee): not much phases him
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *doesnt change he forgot to tell me there was a random tooth in my car*
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ALSO IM NOT SURE WHATS WORSE. 
Im looking at the katsucon teeth and.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): they. look clean.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): like. those are not fresh teeth
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *please let them have been fake from props*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they had to have been fake
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): there was SO many
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like everyone i ran into that weekend was talking about finding teeth
Erik (Red Riot Thot): sounds like someone who lost a tooth and had too much free time and a bunch of white resin
Anna (Blonde Banshee): to be fair they look very convincing
Anna (Blonde Banshee): also. I didnt find anyone finding teeth i just ran into ppl who were talking about the poor girl who got her cape stuck in the escalator
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *ESCALATOR SAN IS HUNGRY*
Anna (Blonde Banshee): also i have had not enough caffeine and i cant stop laughing bc i remmebered Shrimp Heaven Now
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://kinjadeals.theinventory.com/this-chalkboard-paints-7-price-is-definitely-more-exci-1833806390
