Anna (loud and likely blonde): Uhhhhhh i got a weird question.
How would i denote on a resume. if a company i work at changes names. 
Like the firm is changing names so like is it okay to write just the new name and keep the full length of time?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I would write Old Name/New Name
Georgia (Something Sensible): I guess?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i dont know how to adult help
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that seems like a viable option
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *pls bosses tell me what to do u change name idk what to do now
Marisa (Mawisa): maybe like New Name (formerly Old Name)?
o or on a resume i think it would be ok to write the new name? if everything is being rebranded?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ooo Marisa’s smart ye
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o that smart
Marisa (Mawisa): Did everybody spring forward
Matt (mattmyers25): I'm ready to fall back
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We was yeeted to spring
Marisa (Mawisa): Then phase one is complete
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://giphy.com/gifs/yeet-11HkufsiNrBXK8
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I was wondering why everyone was still asleep.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm hardly alive. It's so disorienting
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Same XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like why am I still tired at 12
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But the weather also isnt helping
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee it's gross and cloudy today 😦
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): yeeee
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I woke up at 11 and it was still dark in my room
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And was just like " oh what is it like 7?"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And looked at the clock like WHAT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Although according to my mom... it's to get warmer today? O.o
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea it's supposed to be warmer all week!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): today is rain not snow ye.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Which I'm actually grateful for, kinda tired of winter now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't think it's to do anything today. Just get sunny and warmer O.o which.. nice. Thank god
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol same!! Usually this week we always get a big snow storm and they aren't calling for one so I'm like ayyy bless
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Hoping its warm for zenkai
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sammmee!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Outside photos always are nice there
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I pray it stays nice out and this yucky winter weather is over. But March is always so unpredictable T_T
Erik (Red Riot Thot): This is what it's looking like as of now
Chris Onyx: Got my new boom arm and shock mount for my new mic!
Chris Onyx: 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): YEET
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s gonna be warmer? Time to grab my warm weather thot clothes from home YEET
Matt (mattmyers25): I'm doing some cleaning, and found these stickers
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): So I'm watching the vol. 4 RWBY episode where Qrow is telling the Maiden backstory to get ideas for God of Light poses (spoiler: big gold yoga teacher). It also has that great scene where Ghira dumps on Blake's outfit for being a) too skimpy and b) under armored. But then I realized *dude wears less shirt than Sun does.* Love ya, Ghira, but drop the double standards
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Look at my children
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.jpl.nasa.gov/news/news.php?feature=7339
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it just needed to sleep
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): srs if it comes back as 'it ran for x years straight and ran outta ram' imma die laughing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): have u tried turning your curiosity off and then on again
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😭 I'm so happy it's back again aaahhh
Jess (whoozica): I was opportunity that died a few weeks ago tho right? Curiosity is a different one
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is it? O.o
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I can't keep up with names lol~~
Jess (whoozica): Yea Curiosity was launched in 2011
Opportunity and Spirit were launched in 2003
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh right
