Rebecca (madameterralupus): Anyone know of good places to sell textbooks? Just tried Chegg and it sucks ass... saying I can only "donate" them right now. And lol fuck that
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: ...... Ebay? Does your uni have a fb group or page you can say you're selling them there 
Or try FB marketplace
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They probs do. Didnt think of that.
And hmm I'll look into ebay. I just try to avoid there cause fees everytime I list lol
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Mood 
See if abebooks let's you list or snailbooks 
I used abebooks so much for my stuff
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh i never heard of them. Ill look into those 😮
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Ye Abe is good for buying used I loved it
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think some Barnes and nobles have buyback programs too
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s what I did with a lot of books
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Matt mentioned that to me. I was like whaaa. Does it need to be bought from them though? Most of mine are from Amazon
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dont think so
Georgia (Something Sensible): at least i gave them books to buy back that i had bought online
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think they have to have the book in their system tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): so if barnes and noble doesnt sell it, they wont buy it bac
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hmmm I'll look into it. Do you do it online or in store? 😮
Georgia (Something Sensible): i did it in store!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh. I might be swinging by there tomorrow so ill ask someone if I do lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay so I need opinions. 

I wanna go with some short for my hair. But I also need it to be "acceptable" in a professional setting. But the issue is I have curly hair and a long face
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: i think just above shoulders would look cute but i also have very little experience in this department
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): how short
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is roosterteeth serious?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 30 dollars for a print?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and the shirt is the same price
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): *linited esition*
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): I spelled that wrong but am leaving it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its not even like its suuuuuuuuuper limited
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 500
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they only made 200 of the shirt
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): Consider; you can tape the print to every shirt every day
But the shirt itself must be washed in between wearing a
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ah right
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good point
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ohhh thats cute
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i like the top one
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fuck but i also like the bottom two because any of them will fram your excelent jawline super nicely
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah and it's hard cause I think these would look good and still look professional
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes theyre both professional looking
Georgia (Something Sensible): im feelin top one
Georgia (Something Sensible): if you dont like it you can always go more like the bottom by chopping some off
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: im feeling #1 bc you get the cute slant edge
Georgia (Something Sensible): im wheezing one of the girls from my old girl scout troop just sent me a friend request on facebook
Georgia (Something Sensible): she goes to chestnut hill college
Georgia (Something Sensible): _she was probably there when we were romping around in cosplay_
Matt (mattmyers25): Did Monica put the fear of God in her? Well fear of the devil
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Muahahaha I did that to all the children at the college
