Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://worldwideinterweb.com/nicolas-cage-marriage-annulment/?utm_content=buffer0571f&utm_medium=facebook&utm_source=tfln&utm_campaign=ooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): whoa my uber eats is coming on bicycle
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats never happened to me before
Georgia (Something Sensible): how is he gonna cross the highway 🤔
Marisa (Mawisa): on bike
Marisa (Mawisa): haven't you seen ET
Mark (Mad Doctor): With difficulty
Georgia (Something Sensible): well he made it
Georgia (Something Sensible): props to him
Marisa (Mawisa): Did he explain how
Georgia (Something Sensible): nope
Georgia (Something Sensible): he just descended like an angel with my burrito
Marisa (Mawisa): that man's name? mumen rider.
Jess (whoozica): Lmao
Georgia (Something Sensible): anyone considering doing any pranks for april fools on monday? ;3c
Marisa (Mawisa): i was debating debuting my fake chest
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I suck at pranks so nope XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): April Fools is always just a regular day for me
Georgia (Something Sensible): im tryna find pranks that are good but not going to make noah cry
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think im gonna put his stapler in jello
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://giphy.com/gifs/the-office-jim-dwight-3REYoMCzDGSkg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD Yes don't make him cry or be too mad. That'd be bad lol
Marisa (Mawisa): ooo like irl pranks?
what are your resources
Georgia (Something Sensible): _time and money_
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://giphy.com/gifs/the-office-jim-dwight-3REYoMCzDGSkg
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://i.pinimg.com/originals/5e/95/2a/5e952a2a0c324b86ca132d7a927937c1.jpg
Georgia (Something Sensible): i also like this one
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): i need all the harmless but stupidly funny things
Marisa (Mawisa): go all the way with that 1940s aesthetic and use jello for everything. make him a nice meal with this cookbook
Georgia (Something Sensible): like if i got a fake positive pregnancy test he would cry LOL
Georgia (Something Sensible): WHOA weirdd
Marisa (Mawisa): what about a fake lottery ticket
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omgg Georgia nuu don't do a fake preg test XDD He'd flip LMAO
Georgia (Something Sensible): my dad did the fake lotto one to me one year lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): the reaction im aiming for is "wtf is this"
Marisa (Mawisa): make up some new big aspect of your personality and get a fake tattoo.
"noah, i've ***always*** worn six layers of socks every day and had this totally real thug tattoo. also get that pepper away from me you know it gives me ptsd."
Georgia (Something Sensible): get a temp tattoo of a tramp stanmp
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): "oh what you never noticed?"
Marisa (Mawisa): it's gotta be a good tattoo though. like, portraits of the wiggles or "Wezrez™ est. [your birth year]" or  ms. frizzle from the magic school bus
Marisa (Mawisa): "you never noticed my ms. frizzle tramp stamp?"
Marisa (Mawisa): the ultimate powerful redhead
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do a fake tattoo of his name on you somewhere. Be like oh I love you so much I decide to get our love forever marked on my body XD
Jess (whoozica): Tell him you got a tattoo for cosplay
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg no thinking about it the tattoo would scar him too
Georgia (Something Sensible): he'd be like W H A T
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dont wanna give him a heart attack just confuse him
Georgia (Something Sensible): i could wrap all his textbooks in fake covers
Georgia (Something Sensible): like "living with erectile dysfunction"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes. All of these are good XDD
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): some ideas
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omggg
Georgia (Something Sensible): i could do "particle physics for dummies"
Georgia (Something Sensible): _like callin him a dummy_
Georgia (Something Sensible): ok so jello stapler, googly eye food, and fake book covers
Georgia (Something Sensible): anything else thats relatively innocent?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao ya gonna do al 3? XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): HELLZ YEAH
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): maybe not lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): ill figure out which one is most feasible tomorrow
Mark (Mad Doctor): I was going to add googly eyes to pictures at my school. And I may wear my ghillie suit for bus duty
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *let it be known my boyfriend is an idiot*
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *Hunter is my witness*
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *the boy left his and his friend's pax badges at his house on Long island and literally got to the con today to realize this*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes D:
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are they able to show proof and get new ones?
Jess (whoozica): Ooo nooooo 😭
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Yea they did and they got replacements
Jess (whoozica): Ooo that's good thank God
Anna (Blonde Banshee): But like. 
How. 
H O W
Jess (whoozica): Oof
Anna (Blonde Banshee): He jokes about me packing everything and then some for a con but like I've never forgotten my badge to a con and this is the *second* time he's done this. At least he didn't miss the train for NYCC
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~this dumbass is lucky he's cute~~
Anna (Blonde Banshee): On a better note success on dying fabric I think!
Mark (Mad Doctor): So lemme float an idea:
I'm old, but I'm not ready for the home yet. And I don't look forward to entering one, since they seem to be filled with depressing old people. But what if there were any old folks home for nerds? D&D sessions that last from dawn until the early bird special. Movie marathons every day. A friggin cosplay studio. A board and video game library. Hell, the grandkids would actually *want* to visit. Now all I need is a few million in venture capital...
Georgia (Something Sensible): If any of us win the lottery I would vote putting money towards old nerds home
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I agree
