Anna (Blonde Banshee): Can we make like. A terrible documentary about cosplay. Not history or anything but like. Nature documentary
Anna (Blonde Banshee): We need someone with a good narration voice
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I will dead write this script
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes please lol
Chris Onyx: *Morgan freeman voice*

The wild Narutos huddle up to their brethren, fearing the wrath of the wild, vicious Kakashi, after stealing his ramen
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): can we do a reality TV series about cosplayers living in the same house and con crunching
Chris Onyx: I can do the voice work for you lnao
Georgia (Something Sensible): Get Erik sick again and ask to use the deep voice
Anna (Blonde Banshee): LIT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can film xD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): LITTY
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I can supply chaos
Anna (Blonde Banshee): And script
Georgia (Something Sensible): Can I say the “I’m not here to make friends” line
Chris Onyx: Gimme some small samples to read I can give you voice samples :3
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Some cosplayers are more hostile. Preferring to gain interest of those not of their species.
Marisa (Mawisa): "It is now 5 days before the con, and three outfits are still unfinished. Two of them require painting and casting that will take at least four days to complete, should nothing go wrong."
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Others are more open despite their bright plumage
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Ok we. Actually need this
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ....can we set it up like the office where we each go to a side room to talk to the camera during times of stress or after something major happens
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Marisa stars In the questionable diet section
Anna (Blonde Banshee): REALUTY AHOW YEA
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Sorry hand brace
Anna (Blonde Banshee): O need to learn to film with my camera
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Omg can we have a blurb on the migration patterns of cosplayers
Marisa (Mawisa): "Usually, conflicts are few and far between, with spats occurring not through violence but through passive aggressive messages spread through word of mouth and 'stories' However, there is one day a year this all piles up, and the competition becomes real. It is characterized by frantic and obsessive refreshing of webpages and clinging onto cards of plastic. We call this day *Black Friday*."
Marisa (Mawisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZvALKUB3N0
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao yes can we film it like the office cause I think that would make it way funnier
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEAH
Georgia (Something Sensible): My basement has the space
Chris Onyx: I'll record some samples tonight for whoever wants them
Ive got a mini sound-booth
Chris Onyx: This has to be a thing lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Next georgia sleepover we need to make it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): How's your morgan freeman voice Chris.
Chris Onyx: Im not quite to the godhood of morgan freeman but I can do some-what close
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'll provide the screaming and crying
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Documentary and an office style. Filmed same time. Different voiceovers
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Different crying
Anna (Blonde Banshee): "why is my wife upset she did this perfectly" cuts to separate room. "I had to use a regular zipper instead of invisible because I don't have the right sewing machine foot"
Georgia (Something Sensible): And jump cuts to private interviews like the office
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEAH
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg do we all get personas
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Are we not already
Georgia (Something Sensible): Idk fam georgia wouldn’t say “I’m not here to make friends” but I’d be damned if that shouldn’t be in it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we need to make our personas comically extreme
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like still be us.... but like..go the extra mile
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): This sounds lit
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm just the OwO weeb queen that's hella childish and blogging about my ships
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That’s everyone.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Fak
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XD
Marisa (Mawisa): i never leave my room you just see the occasional hand reach out to grab an amazon package and immediately retreat back inside. then you find me at 4am in the backyard rubbing fabric in the dirt to weather it.
Marisa (Mawisa): desperately
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats fucking hilarious
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SOMEONE RECORD HER
Marisa (Mawisa): that's why my hair is so long, so that when i do leave the room i can mimic sadako from The Ring and scare away predators
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): whats that anime with the girls who all live together and the one never comes out of her room
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i feel like that character is you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is that princess jellyfish
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is that what im thinking of
Marisa (Mawisa): omg yeah and she comes out in the last chapter have you seen it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA
Marisa (Mawisa): princess jellyfish so good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): agreed!
Marisa (Mawisa): someone invites a girl to sleep over after a con and they wake up in the morning like
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I'm covered in paint and have a coffee IV basically
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Screeching.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my persona would just be constant passive aggressive sighs, cursing every five minutes, and fingers bleeding constantly for no reason.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my entire vocabulary is swears
Marisa (Mawisa): we assume it's because you use dark magic for your cosplay, the cursing is part of the spells and the blood is for the ritual
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cosplay is infuriating
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): youre absolutely correct marisa
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’d be the constantly optimistic about finishing
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like insane girlfriend face
Georgia (Something Sensible): Working up until the last minute
Georgia (Something Sensible): ITS FINE EVERYTHINGS FINE WE’LL BE OKAY
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I can supply. Black magic stuff
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): georgia
Anna (Blonde Banshee): "whatcha doin ?"
"Summoning Stan Lee for reference images"
Georgia (Something Sensible): YE THATS ME
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Can we call this. The craft room. Or the studio
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Conversations between Chris and I always end in a OwO or owo or Owo
Evie (Katheryne Knight): There is no escaping the OwO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The OwO owns our souls
Chris Onyx: Or òwó
Chris Onyx: When SOMEONE decides to be a lil brat òwó
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Aww
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Or should I say. AwA
Georgia (Something Sensible): When you gotta wink
Georgia (Something Sensible): UwO
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): When the OWO takes over but you don't like it taking over TWT
Anna (Blonde Banshee): TT^TT
Anna (Blonde Banshee): When the tears get more intense
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): TWT
TT   TT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/thisis-the-bad-place-the-good-place-hell-why-god-gif-10228759
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hawt TwT
Erik (Red Riot Thot): :/
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ÓwÒ
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): My. stock is doing well.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): oh worm
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://giphy.com/gifs/SharkTankAU-shark-tank-sharktankau-3o7bu0DiYRxehc7dTi
Mark (Mad Doctor): After 30 minutes of cussing at Fandango, I finally got opening night tickets to Endgame...
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Woo!
Matt (mattmyers25): I'm in Lancaster and the convention center is so empty
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Matt (mattmyers25): Though, there are people wearing viking helmets
