Marisa (Mawisa): WOO
Marisa (Mawisa): we did it boys spongebob is happening
Jess (whoozica): 🙌
Marisa (Mawisa): Maroon 5 don’t mess this up
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): ok guys im video calling potential roommates for the first time
Georgia (Something Sensible): what questions do i ask to make sure theyre not sarah 2.0 but also so invasive that i scare them away
Marisa (Mawisa): “What are your thoughts on the ending of Neon Genesis Evangelion?”
Marisa (Mawisa): Maybe ask them how they got along with their previous roommates. Like asking someone about their ex partner, if they start complaining and saying they were all crazy then that could be a bad sign they’re hard to get along with.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Go meet them in person.
Georgia (Something Sensible): were doing that monday
Georgia (Something Sensible): this is just like a preliminary thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): to make sure each other arent serial killers
Erik (Red Riot Thot): How do you feel about having guests over? 
Are you a morning or a night person? 
Where do you prefer doing work or studying?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Do you have a soul?
Jess (whoozica): Will you flip a shit if I bring my bf in the room?
Georgia (Something Sensible): if so, exactly how many shits will be flipped
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Google roommate agreements.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Use them for question examples and then potentially to set ground rules.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Before you move in this time*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~and if any of them are cute start introducing them to your friends~~
Jamie (Jamie): ~~Use the sheldon roommate agreement~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh I WANT these.
Jamie (Jamie): 👀 👀 👀
Jamie (Jamie): Need
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Well that was an interesting way to close the night: had a minor snow fight with my 2 managers and coworker 😂
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@245270932602486784> also ask if they sleep, how they feel about loud guitar music, do they smoke, and do they like. Think they would have you if occasionally you spread fabric over the entire living room once a month. 
Also. Dietary things like idk I wouldn't suggest living with a militant vegan
Rebecca (madameterralupus): - sleep patterns.Like morning or night person
- cleanliness
Rebecca (madameterralupus): - sleep patterns. Like morning or night person
- cleanliness
- if they are okay with guests over. Tie friends (any genders) and boyfriend
- how they feel on guitar playing
-  how they feel on crafting and supplies being all over (can tie into cleanliness)
- eating habits
- party habits (do they like to party, throw them, etc)
- drinking habits
- studying habits

- Also generally ask what they like. Like hobbies, music, movies, etc. Finding common ground of similarities is always nice and helps you find things you'll get along on
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~if I think of others ill let ya know. Im trying to think of things that Sarah does that bother you and also recall issues I had with my roommates from Berks~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh! How do they resolve conflict? Cause my one roommate when had issues always ran calling to mommy instead of dealing with me like an adult
Georgia (Something Sensible): So new roommate #1 seems like a good fit
Georgia (Something Sensible): He’s a computer science major who’s only hobbies are really computer related or playing xbox
Georgia (Something Sensible): Doesn’t really go out, doesn’t watch movies much
Georgia (Something Sensible): He sleeps the same hours as Tyler and I, he’s polite, no girlfriend
Georgia (Something Sensible): He’s cool with me having people over whenever as long as no one’s yelling at like 1 am
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sounds pretty soild.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Noah chill with other guys as roomies even if ya don't know them?  ~~I ask cause sometimes it's an issue lol.~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah Noah doesn’t care
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌
Georgia (Something Sensible): Most of his friends are girls so he gets it
Georgia (Something Sensible): His mom actually called him earlier and she was like “it’s a shame you haven’t been dating georgia longer, then I would just say live with her”
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Haha awww
Georgia (Something Sensible): And after he hung up he was like “what the FUCK my mom likes you a lot”
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's good though!! 😄
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye! So that guys name is hunter
Georgia (Something Sensible): And the other guy is named Jarrett and I meet him on Monday
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Out of the two who seems the best?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So far
Georgia (Something Sensible): Well I need a full set of four so basically both lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): But hunter seems better if only cause he said he’s the type of roommate where “you’ll probably forget I exist”
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that's good. So you, Tyler and then those two? And LMAO, a big ass mood man
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~he'll probs forget his dishes exist too~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~oof~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Nah he said he only wants to eat at the dining hall cause he’s too lazy to cook
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lmfao uhhhhhh that might be an indicator of things but ultimately your call
Georgia (Something Sensible): And yeah my mom was like “you.... and three dudes... oh my gosh”
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wait are u gonna be the only gorl
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yus ma’am
Georgia (Something Sensible): Tyler is very Jewish tho so he also respects women and has feminine habits
Georgia (Something Sensible): (His words not mine)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lenny face...? But also oof. Don't let them get away with not doing things. Make sure they help out around the place
Anna (loud and likely blonde): a fair warning u will be still reminding the other two of how to be a decent housemate cause. i live with 5 guys and. i still have to teach half of them how to load a dishwasher
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye hunter said his favorite chores are vacuuming and taking out the trash
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~they cannot load a dishwasher to save their lives~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Those are my least fav
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o wow ok. maybe u found a good one
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg really
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yes like ok ive also noticed the more guys in a room the lower the collective IQ gets
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol can he be my roommate cause damnn I hate dealing with trash XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like you need at least a 30% girl population to go back to normal brain power
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i dont know why but is a thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): LOL
Georgia (Something Sensible): But yeah way better than Sarah
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think these guys were just looking for lowkey peeps to share an apartment with
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~at least she didnt shit in the shower like. your sarah sounds like one of the top 5 worst roommates^tm ive ever heard of~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): They said they specifically responded to my post on rutgers reddit because I said “a physics and math major looking for two more”
Georgia (Something Sensible): I never saw her shower
Georgia (Something Sensible): Which might be worse somehow
Anna (loud and likely blonde): aka mutual crying bc of math
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~mag's roomate last year we nicknamed wafflestomper like~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Wafflestomper??~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yes. stomp the ||shit|| into the drain
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wafflestomp
Anna (loud and likely blonde): honestly as long as you all agree you'll be suffering about math and occasionally like to socialize like humans do, and appear to have empathy, i think you succeeded on finding ppl georgia
Georgia (Something Sensible): Huzzah!
Georgia (Something Sensible): No more bitch girl!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> WOOOO
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m glad Noah’s cool with it tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like not that I doubted him, but a lot of boyfriends would not be cool with it lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It takes a lot of trust
Jess (whoozica): You had a roomate that shit in the shower? <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): mag did yes. 
*there was no other explanation of how the tub stank that much*
*she also broke the toilet seat 3x cause she stood on it instead of sitting on it*
Jess (whoozica): WHAT
Jess (whoozica): WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~fucking international students~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): thats  mean but.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...did she room with a werewolf
Anna (loud and likely blonde): somehow we always got disaster international students as roommates
Marisa (Mawisa): no yeah it's really hard for people of different cultures to live together
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Stood on the toilet?? Whatt??
Anna (loud and likely blonde): they had the most american apartment in all of Schomburg apartments with (1) american girl. (2) some variety of indian students and (1) canadian who had permanent residency
Anna (loud and likely blonde): theres a difference between ppl of diff cultures and 'cannot understand how to use a toilet properly after being given literal instructions'
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so yeah. that was wafflestomper
Anna (loud and likely blonde): she also got the heat turned off bc it was 'too warm'
Marisa (Mawisa): when i lived in dorms in japan in 2016 we had issues with muslim students during ramadan (nothing that was their fault - it was just a sucky situation for everyone because the dorm amenities sucked)
you had to pay $1 to use the showers and the water only lasted for 5 minutes or so, so they used the sink several times a day to wash their feet and people complained because that's where we also brushed our teeth and stuff
Anna (loud and likely blonde): meanwhile like they probs had cleaner feet than some ppls teeth
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~are you rubbing your toothbrush in the sink like~~
Marisa (Mawisa): i think they were worried about feet touching the faucet because it was a shallow sink
Marisa (Mawisa): i was zoned out most of the meeting where it was discussed oops
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ooooo ok that makes more sense
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yea like really. Do ya scrub the sink with ya toothbrush? Like I see no big issue there really
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but still
Anna (loud and likely blonde): maybe i just have low standards
Marisa (Mawisa): the solution was getting buckets for everyone
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ah. the filipino method
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Anyone have a band with a female singer that’s more... angry than pop? Trying to fit a mood. Paramore is like the only band even slightly close and it’s not too close at that.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Icon for Hire
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Halestorm
Tom (tomukuncosplay): A sound of thunder 🤘
Marisa (Mawisa): Baby Metal
Georgia (Something Sensible): Metric
Georgia (Something Sensible): No Doubt maybe?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Still on icon for hire but more the merrier thanks.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Icon for Hire's first CD is the best 
Their new music is so so
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m finding exactly that lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like it's my work out music is just pumps me
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YEET
Marisa (Mawisa): Rumor says the trailer comes out this weekend owo
Marisa (Mawisa): my recommended items list on amazon is all cat toys, socks, crafting items, and a single trump hat. what in the world did i purchase that made them recommend that to me.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Memes?
Marisa (Mawisa): was it the contour palette and the 128gb sd card from 6 months ago
Mark (Mad Doctor): Is advertising on Crunchyroll targeted? I'm getting ads for AARP that features a well-groomed man in a style that can best be described as "Disney Channel Edgy" rapping to me about the benefits of term life insurance
Marisa (Mawisa): o i get those too
crunchyroll's advertising is very effective on me i started watching that Anime Crime Division show they made
Jamie (Jamie): Having the best of soups
Jamie (Jamie): ~~also the first food i've had today unless you count coffee like I kinda do~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am now the owner of an old AF ammo box. Idk what to do with it. 
Prop?
Jamie (Jamie): Neato uh I mean tactical rwby prop for photoshoots?
Marisa (Mawisa): carry it around with you everywhere for kicks
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMFAO probs fallout
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'll just. It's my new cosplay repair box I'll hit it with some de rust stuff
Mark (Mad Doctor): Looks like Summer's grave
