Anna (loud and likely blonde): im back on my bullshit guys i have dusted off the wacom tablet and. 
i am drawing things again. 
They may be fluffy. 
They may be lewd.
they are all..... so shaky because i havent drawn in MONTHS
Matt (mattmyers25): Time for drawings of bees and other ships
Matt (mattmyers25): And shows
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Anna's drawing furry lewds~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~no im not but like if someone is gonna pay me im not gonna say no~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its erasermic rn but like. bees be coming. i need to go back to my skill level where i can redo leyendeckers  in fanart style
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ugh i wanna do like. fashion fandom drawings.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): catch me drawing bees in fancy ass suits and dresses
Anna (loud and likely blonde): imma fuckin pull some mid century modern stuff outta my ass
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~omg imma draw concept art for that 40s-50's rwby stuff we were talking about~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yessss
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but first erasermic fluff
Anna (loud and likely blonde): bc my heart is too small to contain my love for all my ships
Matt (mattmyers25): Time for all the bees and other drawings
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ok shelf erasermic I just figured out the pose for a bees pic Id been tryna think out for months
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Plus I wanna do like. The girls with flowers. But like almost drowning in them like an extreme michaels challenge. Gotta find some references of forsithia bushes and lilacs for yang and Blake. And a super huge rosebush for Ruby. What should Weiss be surrounded by?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I wanna say snowdrops but those are tiny and don't act right. Goose's neck is viable but they're kinda dumb. Moonflowers?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Moonflowers would be pretty
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~and then I draw hanahakis disease ones for posting at Halloween cause I'm evil~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Happy St Patrick's day everyone!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Time to confuse ppl by using Irish greetings today
Anna (loud and likely blonde): http://liveireland.com/radio/
Mark (Mad Doctor): So is was watching Vol. 1, and this thought occurred to me...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If yall ever wondered what it's like where me, bill, tom, jess, and kurtis are from:
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Seems like where my dad is from. Backwoods redneck area?? Lol~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm both fascinated and afraid
Jess (whoozica): That's it that's the whole county
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Its impressively redneck
