Erik (Red Riot Thot): I should be doing more packing but instead I've been scrolling through tik tok looking for new audios
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Same but with YouTube and Instagram 😂😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol damn that inactive insta purge is hitting people hard xD
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Yeah man
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah i lost like 1 whole followers
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I lost like 40? XD
Jess (whoozica): i think i only lost 1 to the purge
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i purged my own followers a couple months ago so i havent lost any yet
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I need to do that at some point
Jess (whoozica): 😮 how do you remove a follower?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i temp block
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): around zenkai i hit 1k but was only getting like 100likes per post
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so i was like "these are inactive followers" and purged them down to like 700
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): maybe even less
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i used an app that tells you when they were last active
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh I read that wrong. I need to go through my follows and unfollow accounts I don't care about lol... but also that
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~what app?~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): uhhhh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good question hold on
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): follower analyzer?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think thats what its called
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh I have that. I didn't know it let you see how active your followers are
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): wait nvm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its just  "unfollowers"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): lets you see when they were last active and stuff
Erik (Red Riot Thot): is the icon a sherlock holmes?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i never noticed that was sherlock before xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im realizing i have too many of these cleaner apps installed....and i havent used any of them since after zenkai
Erik (Red Riot Thot): how do you see their activity?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it should...show it?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): all it tells me is whether they follow me or not
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): there should be an option to  "select ghost followers"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't have it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I bought something or other for instagram... forget what it did.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Post deletion, that was it.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea, if its not there i have no idea xD sorry man 

but theres like 100s of apps made fro deleting ghost followers
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is there a way to look at ppl you follow?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like to unfollow ghosts
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i might just be blind looking at this app
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): when i used it there was
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o i found the wrong app rip
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It shows you your mutuals, people you follow who don't follow you back, and people who follow you who you don't follow back
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ye no i need ppl i follow and like. last time they posted. 
eh well
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok yea i opened it its very different then how it was
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but theres another app called cleaner that lets you bulk select "ghosts"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that i just tested
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): does what it says
Georgia (Something Sensible): Balls, I lost 44
Georgia (Something Sensible): Insta has one big purge today?
Georgia (Something Sensible): OMG I REMEMEBR I HAD A WEIRD DREAM LAST NIGHT
Georgia (Something Sensible): I dreamed that there were Apathy Grimm under the con center and no one would believe me so I had to keep fighting them off alone
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I was like _im saving this whole con and I don’t even have an atrium room_
Georgia (Something Sensible): Then I woke up
Jess (whoozica): lmao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): now thats what i call anxiety
Chris Onyx: Thats a fuckin mood
"im saving this whole con and I don't even have an atrium room"
Georgia (Something Sensible): A convention stress dream for sure
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😱 omg
Anna (loud and likely blonde): holy crap new glasses are amazing there are NO SCRATCHES ON THESE BABIES
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Tfw your entire house smells like plastidip
Anna (loud and likely blonde): mmmmm the weird cheesey smell of plastidip
Erik (Red Riot Thot): mood
Mark (Mad Doctor): Mrs Mad Doctor has made it clear in no uncertain terms that PlastiDip is a "garage toy"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i may have convinced the housemates that i am totally responsible enough to use it as a living room toy~~~
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: ~~you have lied to them~~
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: ~~even if it doesn't get on anything~~
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: ~~the smell alone makes what you claim a lie~~
Jamie (Jamie): ~~i was scolded for using spray paint and nail polish in the same smelling vicinity earlier~~
