Erik (Red Riot Thot): Whomst else has seen Crimes of Grindelwald?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): There's a huge plot hole and it is LITERALLY KILLING ME
Marisa (Weeb): i saw it it sucked
Marisa (Weeb): are you talking about mcgonagall
Marisa (Weeb): or the dumbledore secret brother
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I am 100% talking about McGonagall
Marisa (Weeb): people were saying maybe it's her mother
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Her father (a muggle) carried the McGonagall name
Marisa (Weeb): 8)
Marisa (Weeb): i'm furious at what they did to queenie my queen
Erik (Red Riot Thot): SAME THO
Marisa (Weeb): "hey remember all this stuff that happened at the end of the 1st movie? .....................ignore all that."
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Also what was this "It OnLy ObLivIaTeD tHe BaD mEmOrIeS" bullshit
Marisa (Weeb): i was the only one that laughed when the woman  (who was she?) who was newt's assistant was like "you should take your shirt off too"
a ton of people were cracking up when he was trying not to compare tina to a lizard tho
Marisa (Weeb): not the convo about not to do it - the actual scene where he's talking to her
Erik (Red Riot Thot): This new series is just a big money trap of fan service. This series has nothing to do with "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them". It's more like "Fantastic Beasts and Hey They are also Sometimes Here During the First Wizarding War"
Marisa (Weeb): yuuup
it's not about the beasts anymore I just wanted a series about a dude going around the world amassing more pets
Erik (Red Riot Thot): RIGHT
Marisa (Weeb): why did grindelwald have to vape wwii
Erik (Red Riot Thot): GIVE ME EDDIE REDMAYNE TRAVELING THE WORLD BEING AN ADORABLE PET COLLECTOR
Marisa (Weeb): also the part with the close-ups at the beginning was weird. why was everyone so close up.
Marisa (Weeb): that part of the movie invaded my personal space
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Too many closeups; too much shaky cam
Marisa (Weeb): can't beat hunger games for shaky cam luckily
Erik (Red Riot Thot): TOO MUCH FAN SERVICE
Marisa (Weeb): there was a ton of merch for the baby nifflers and they were in it for .2 seconds
Marisa (Weeb): when i went into the theater we were given a literal catalog of merchandise
Marisa (Weeb): also arcades
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): i still have it this catalogue is 14 pages of fantastic beasts merch
Marisa (Weeb): why
Marisa (Weeb): what was the point of flamel
Erik (Red Riot Thot): FAN SERVICE
Marisa (Weeb): Ok I admit this figure of newt coming out of the suitcase is pretty cool
Marisa (Weeb): [flamel lifts his sleeve enticingly] *remember me? from the books? it's meeeee*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The only good thing was baby nifflers
Marisa (Weeb): but their scene was so short 😭
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Agreed
Marisa (Weeb): why are there so many funko pop
Marisa (Weeb): for $350 you can buy a really cool replica of newt's suitcase
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I can get the same thing at Goodwill for 25 cents
Marisa (Weeb): but does it have a "muggle worthy" switch on the outside
newt probably got his at goodwill
Marisa (Weeb): magical goodwill
Marisa (Weeb): no nvm he would get only the best for his beasts it'd be new
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Marisa (Weeb): even if artemis fowl is bad it can't be as bad as this movie was. right. *right*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): http://megalopsycha.tumblr.com/post/180191815329/fantastic-beasts-2-fan-theory
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm intrigued...
Marisa (Weeb): ye a lot of people on reddit were complaining they're probably gonna go into the third movie to find out he's not a dumbledore
Marisa (Weeb): a lot of people aren't buying the whole secret dumbledore shtick
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Marisa (Weeb): we found the real cursed child
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm just scouring tumblr for salty memes to help me cope
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
