snow ( karma chameleon ): 
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I don't know how to do bangs lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Idk the episode didn’t have character development for the heroes. Emerald maybe but... I’m terribly unimpressed. Yang got angry, Qrow punched him, gave a good speech, then Maria cockblocked the character development so we could watch Salem shit herself.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The only bit I took away was that the sword relic is at Shade
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Lackluster episode in my opinion. Had three strong episodes; was only a matter of time before we got a meh episode
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also I liked the interpretations that the other girls asides from Yang were more sympathetic to Ozpin. It seems strange they’re all so pissed, to be fair who Oz dated isn’t anyone business.
Matt (mattmyers25): I have a feel oz is going to come back just when the moment is right. 
Yang has spent too much time with raven
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~give me that Taiyang/Raven side plot~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ YES
Mark (Mad Doctor): I see it as the second part of the previous episode. We saw the characters reacting  within Jinn's tale, but now the implications were hitting home. What is Qrow going to do now that he is no longer Ozpin's trusty lieutenant? Seeing him shoot down Ruby and Oscar suggests he is not going to step up and be the adult leader. Blake seems to have been under the impression that the plan was "find Salem and kill her" but she learned in the vision that it's impossible and, more importantly, Ozpin has no plan. Salem's scene established her current attitude towards Ozpin, dropped some big hints about Cinder's arc, and established that Salem is a dictator and not CEO of GrimmCorp (with implications for all of her henchmen).  Episodes like this (and the previous) establish the depths from which the characters must climb. As long as things move onward and upward, I'm good. Though we're due for an action scene.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Im honestly excited yet scared about what’s gonna happen next and I’m living for it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also gotta love tumblr for shitting all over Qrow for punching Ozpin/Oscar but if Yang did it, no one would bat an eye ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Mark (Mad Doctor): Am I a horrible person for thinking it's funny? Poor Oscar gets caught in the middle again...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Honestly the way they animated it, it seemed comical to an extent and then Qrow did his speech and I got REALLY SAD
Mark (Mad Doctor): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
snow ( karma chameleon ): 
snow ( karma chameleon ): me trying to understand the fndm reaction to the ep
snow ( karma chameleon ): 
