Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Sooooo how was GOT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Whomst got the throne of Iron? 👀
Mark (Mad Doctor): The flames...
Mark (Mad Doctor): Beautiful episode. Sad, slow, and elegaic. A good end to what had been a messy and chaotic season
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm actually pretty content with what happened
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like I'm still mad about episode 5 and jaime... but the end was pretty decent for what it was
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Season as a whole was a mess though lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): starks won says internet?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yep
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Bran is the king
Georgia (Something Sensible): alright i can take it
Georgia (Something Sensible): what happened to everyone else that was fightin
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The dead ones?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😬
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👌
Georgia (Something Sensible): o okie they died LOL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Whaaattt? Bran??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Never expected that...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO yea. BRAN
Georgia (Something Sensible): howd everyone die lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): who all didn't die?
Mark (Mad Doctor): The khalesi was khalost
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I hope this is funny with context
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEP
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): bran, the guy who rolls his eyes back in his head at least 4 times a day and lays around being useless until he gets back from his eyeroll
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): hes the king
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): bran, who had just said 2 epsiodes ago that he couldnt be king of winterfell because he lives in the past and isnt human anymore and doesnt care about humanity anymore
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): CHOOSE HIM FOR KINg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also:
Mark (Mad Doctor): I kind of liked the coronation of Bran because it is clearly a short term solution designed to allow westeros to heal while the houses rebuild. Then, the game will resume. No way the Iron Islands are going to remain in the alliance, especially with Sansa showing the path to Independence. Highgarden is the most powerful province, now under the rulership of Bron, who has made it clear he's going to be a dick.  We're kind of back where we started: a weak king holding a war ravaged land together, a Targaryen living in exile on the wall (who has also stepped into the Jamie Lannister role as Kingslayer).

Arya gets to pull a Bilbo by sailing into  the West (which happens to be the mythical homeland of Nymeria, her role model as a child(

And Ghost is a very good boi who does not hold grudges
Erik (Red Riot Thot): reading through spoilers and knowing noting else of the series, I feel like I would have been disappointed with the ending lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): Last season wasn't great, but I liked the final episode (especially the first half) as they let the characters' personalities drive it, rather than railroad the characters to the next plot point. Given the shitstorm of the previous episode, it was as good an ending as one could hope for
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it was disappointing, but not as bad as i had thought it would be after last episode
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like im ok with what happened
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not my favorite ending
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it was ....okay
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): this sums it up:
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i at least liked seeing sansa get crowned queen of the north
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and arya going off on her own
Mark (Mad Doctor): Most of the fan fic "Here's how it should end" theories would have been terrible: Bran working into Drogon, Tyrion taking the Iron Throne to rule w Sansa, Arya assassinating Dany...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the scene with brienne finishing jaimes knight pages hurt me deeply
Mark (Mad Doctor): Was Sam's lampshading of George RR good or bad? I thought it was a little corny, but some needed levity in the episode
Mark (Mad Doctor): Oh, yeah, poor Brienne
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i thought that was cheesy as hell xD but it did make me laugh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so.... i guess it had some merrit
Mark (Mad Doctor): A tip of the hat to Tolkien, I think (since LotR was allegedly Bilbo's manuscript)
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): true
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i wish is was more deserved this season though, seeing as gom GRRM was kinda upset with how they chose to end the show
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): felt kinda like a slap in his face
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "haha shoulda finished your books dude"
Mark (Mad Doctor): Saw an analysis that compared his style of writing (create interesting characters and see how they react to situations, then follow them as they deal with the consequences of their choices) vs. the style of Benihoff and Weiss, who want to plot everything out and move characters to where they need to be for the big set pieces.  Martin's approach made gave life to the story, and when his source material ran out we were left with a checklist of plot points.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea, thats so true. Once we got past where the books left off the show kinda started to not feel "right"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but, luckily they had writers who knew what they were doing for awhile
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but it seems like they just stopped caring this last season, just kinda wanted to get it over with
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): otherwise i think it would've greatly benefited from 10 episodes instead of 6
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://twitter.com/woIgang/status/1130362339952226304
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh yea lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they stopped caring altogether this season
Mark (Mad Doctor): Tarly keeping water close by in case Drogon comes back. Family history and all thatt.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *"It's the last season, fuck it, we're still making bank off this show anyway. LMAO YOLO"*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): basically LOL
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Glad Arya is good. Literally only character I gave a shit about.
Jamie (Jamie): https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/bqql65/spoilers_is_drogon_the_smartest_dragon_of_all/
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMFAO
Jamie (Jamie): i mean he was literally the last person one would logically expect to be taking the throne or lack there of
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im just imagining him reading the script and going "HAHA who did this? ?? did you?? Where's the real script?? come on i'm serious, where is it?"
Jamie (Jamie): lmao honestly yea
Jamie (Jamie): https://www.reddit.com/r/GameOfThronesMemes/comments/bqsuun/thats_a_long_wait/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): F
Jamie (Jamie): https://www.reddit.com/r/GameOfThronesMemes/comments/bqpkfi/the_best_part_of_the_season_finale/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x
Jamie (Jamie): https://www.reddit.com/r/GameOfThronesMemes/comments/bqvvda/ಠ_ಠ/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x
Jamie (Jamie): honestly though despite how they got to the ending it kinda works and i'm okay with it. jon kinda belongs up north the wall it was the only place he was prolly gonna be happy living. arya is too free of a spirit to stick around long so adventure for her makes sense. sansa was obviously gonna take what she wanted. and as one of us here watching the ending said "starks now rule the world of westeros"
Jamie (Jamie): 
