Erik (Red Riot Thot): Finally getting around to watching genlock
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Good shit 👌🏻
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Have two more episodes
Mark (Mad Doctor): Both Cammie-centered, which ain't a bad thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): With RWBY, I feel like rooster teeth had a good balance of characters that were like able for their own reasons
Georgia (Something Sensible): Tbh all I’ve seen of genlock is Cammie hype
Georgia (Something Sensible): Did they just happen to fail in making all the characters interesting or is that everyone’s new waifu
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cammie and the doctor are like the only likable characters
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im having a really hard time grabbing onto genlock because most of the characters are boring.... and the story hasnt grapsed me yet
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeaaaah.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but cammie is cute
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and the doctor is fun and also intelligent
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don’t hate Japanese dude, but the fact that he’s actually speaking in Japanese is just so. Weeb.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): other than those two though....meh
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Chase is boring, base staff is boring, other pilots are boring.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Anyone else noticing the animation quality dropping
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea the animation is dropping but like... not enoug for that to be my problem with the show
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my issue is that its just not....as amusing as i thought it would be
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they really need to flesh out their main characters more
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because i currently only care about cammie... and i dont want to ONLY care about cammie
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah. Cammie cute as fuck but show content is boring. I don’t even care about the war. Bunch of random unnamed evil guys.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ngl, i had to watch the episodes that are out twice...because the first time around i didnt pick up anything because i got so bored that i lost focus
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I was lost the first two episodes because they never said anyone's names so I was like, *who the fuck are these people?*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOL OK MOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i also ....*didnt know who was a main character and who wasnt* for like 3 FULL episodes
Georgia (Something Sensible): I watched the first episode and just couldn’t do it
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like in RWBY everyone is unique and interesting
Georgia (Something Sensible): And genlock is like _we are all mech dudes_
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I also like how the intro spoils the fact that the blue guy who ended up being a spy wasn't going to be part of the group
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Also like how he died one episode in and is still in the main credits
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): why is he....a thing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): was i supposed to care about him?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because i didnt
Erik (Red Riot Thot): (Unless je somehow comes back to life in the episodes I haven't watched yet)
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i also really hate miranda and chase
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they are like the bad genderbend pyrrha and jaune, but less likable
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~which one is Miranda~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the brown hair girl
Georgia (Something Sensible): _how dare RT do that_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who mad that chase "died"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh his ex?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah she's annoying
Georgia (Something Sensible): I hate when the romance is already fleshed out lmao
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like nah dude lemme see the STRUGGLE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "how dare your half body being kept alive by a weird chamber not try to contact me"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "unbelievable, i hate you now, also i fucked your best friend"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): me:
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mood
Georgia (Something Sensible): We need to resurrect Monty to make interesting characters
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s like HALF the battle
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): agreed
Jess (whoozica): damn she sounds like a treat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~ngl, over half the character could be killed off of genlock and it would be a more interesting show~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): _hes a bad Jaune rip-off you say?_
Georgia (Something Sensible): _really?_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): she is
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): miranda is bad jaune
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): chase is bad pyrrha
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh damn the pic isn’t sending but it’s the cosplay bit lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but ye
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they bad
Georgia (Something Sensible): Sorry RT genlock SUX
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I feel like comparing it to rwby is coloring things wrong
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I still need to watch it and then I shall formulate my opinions lol
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Chase is far from a pyrrha and miranda is significantly better than jaune was
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Tbh I'm more interested in the fact that chase's family clearly works with the union
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its fair to like it and them. however, i personally think the show is lacking quite a bit. However, i'm gonna watch the rest of season 1 and form my full opinion at the end
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i just really wish they would focus more on fully fleshing out their main characters
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because it genuinely is hard to care about the story if I don't care about the characters xD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah it's still early. They're still world building and developing the story
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they did cammie well tho
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I think they're 1 by 1ing it
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Unlike rwby where they got spread thin trying to focus a lot of characters at once, they're gonna have an episode a character to develop them 
First 2 built the world and introduced chase, 3rd built the main concept, 4th is on cammie
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The base staff is them spreading out the focus.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): All the walker pilots.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I like when they do that. Like with Darling, each character had at least one episode focusing on them
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Miranda and MAYBE miles Luna are the only base staff that need screentime in a show about genlock.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Yeah, and if you remember early on most of squad 13 was just kinda cookie cutters  like in genlock
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But I think genlock needs to be spread. Just one unit will get boring as they interact in a war with other unnamed units.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not to mention genlock are the Mary Sues of the war.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They’re too good, so it’s less interesting to to watch them in normal combat.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~darling was boring and hard to watch until like episode 10~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~also valid~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): idk rwby was engaging right off episode 1 for me
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: They are the only ones that have legit screen time, the others are just place holders by the looks of it, 
Qnd I think the union is gonna get more interesting
Georgia (Something Sensible): world building can be done in a way thats not shitty
Georgia (Something Sensible): tho i get thats what theyre using intro episodes for
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Rwby early on didnt really world build tho
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: That's why they needed world of remnants until like season 4
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Eh. By now union should have some more development. They’re literally “super tech villains that attacked lol”
Georgia (Something Sensible): are they "evil just to be evil" types?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I disagree, most villains are excessively generic until mid season
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i HOPE genlock gets better because of how much money RT has been dishing out on it. But, the way they are going about the world building and intros is so... boring
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nothing is captivating
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and i feel like it SHOULD be
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because all the cool stuff is there
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its all right there, but the way theyre handling it is just leaving me not desiring more
Georgia (Something Sensible): theres no reason to care about any character really oops
Georgia (Something Sensible): like rwby episode one was like DAMN INTRIGUING
Georgia (Something Sensible): genlock seems like "who is fighting what and why tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s story about a military unit fighting an enemy. The enemy is a major character.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~RWBY episode one wasn’t interesting, the red trailer was~~
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: ^^^
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea you right
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Leanna right tho, the cool stuff *exists*.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's just not being focused on. Instead we get a random VR sequence.
Georgia (Something Sensible): its just not presented well enough
Georgia (Something Sensible): which is... what. bad writing? bad composition? or a lack of understanding of what the audience wants?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .....unpopular opinion, i feel like they introduced genderfluid really awkwardly
Georgia (Something Sensible): _so do most genderfluid people to my knowledge_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): there was no point to that first VR scene except to explain Val is genderfluid
Georgia (Something Sensible): i saw a lot of celebration for trying tho
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I agree, it was very on the nose.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: It was very very on the nose
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It was unnatural.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): which i love that they are genderfluid, dont get me wrong... but that scene was like a full minute of explaining a textbook definition of genderfluiity
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Yeahhhh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): where they COULD have been showing us how cool it is that they can do things in VR
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): People don't just. do that.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~and spend money on proper animation? not my RT~~
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I mean they do
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like.... all this really amazing technology is there in the show... but they are glazing over it
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: When somebody is confused about it that's kinda what happens
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They've got holograms and shit too.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: It's just not good writing
Georgia (Something Sensible): i feel like RT couldve assumed that their audience already knows what genderfluid is
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): no yea, they DO, but not like THAT
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): show don't tell.
Georgia (Something Sensible): ^
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Genlock is really focused on like, all the weirdest stuff. Give me action reports on the Union that make me hate them (huh there's a theme of RT not making hatable villains huh), give me teaching these rookie soldiers you're forcing into a research program learning the dark parts of their super robot anime job, give me genlock talking about how to use the holums better.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Doc at least provides some pretty good technobabble.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea i really like docs scenes
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: David Tennant is a God
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): valid
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: P sure genlock could be literally just him technobabbling
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: And it would be amazing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): He is the backbone of the series at this point
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: No other scejesb
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if the show literally just followed him around with little cameos of cammie it would be amazing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also...showing off the technology in the world
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Genlock is now "Doc's technobabble hour with special guest Cammie with the adorable accent!"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He just Mr Roger's the tech in the show to Cammie and she's learning with the audience.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMaO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's "10th Doctor meets Amy Pond"
Georgia (Something Sensible): doctor who, by roosterteeth
Erik (Red Riot Thot): also, was the "Doctor who?" line actually real? Or did I miss it? Or is it in episode 4?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think its episode 1? when hes on stage
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or was it ep 2
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): when hes about to show chase
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ah ok. Probably missed it during one of my coughing fits
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): when RT is reading your discord messages and sends an email while you bash genlock.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it's not the worst show ever, it has like... some potential
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): somewhere deep down
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sigh.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): At least rwby they have the bible to follow.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im thinking season 2 of genlock will actually be good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): this first season is a little dicey tho
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: It's about the same as rwby was 
Interesting concept, bad writing. 
I think its season 1 is gonna round out to about ok, then subsequent seasons will get better
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Also ngl 
I love miles engineer character
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: It's the perfect placement for a miles character, 
A funny side character that is far from being the main focus of anything
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea i agree
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): however i forgot his name already
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): xD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): His name is miles luna.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): duh.
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Miguel
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): right
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I think he has a nickname too
Erik (Red Riot Thot): the lines where he speaks Spanish sound very forced though... In my experience with bilingual latinx people, even if their English doesn't show traces of an accent, usually the Spanish still sounds *very* Spanish.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *It just sounds like Jaune trying to speak Spanish to me*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~did miles even speak any spanish before this role?~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): not sure. He's half latino but you'd never be able to tell unless you knew his mom wasn't white
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: He does actually speak Spanish 
I think he just doesnt do it much in his daily life so his accents rougher
Erik (Red Riot Thot): wait I lied, his dad is
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Like I'm not fully bilingual, but i do speak French with my family, and i still have a slight English accent
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Cause I dont use it much here
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: But you throw me in France when I visit family or at gatherings and its completely different
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good point
Mark (Mad Doctor): Late to the condo, so:
1)I think the fact that each episode clocks in at a consistent 23.5 minutes is a sign that RT is going to market Gen:Lock to Cartoon Network or the like. Which helps explain the pedantic explanation of genderfluidity--RTs audience might know, but viewers in Peoria might not.
2) I think the Jaune in a Sombrero meme is sorely needed
3) in my experience, first seasons always suck as cast and crew get a feel for characters, world, and narrative style. Star Trek:TNG is the most obvious example, but a half-dozen other series spring to mind. That said, I think GL is actually ahead of where RWBY was after five episodes. Both have great humor, occasional stilted writing (thank you, Col Exposition), and a cool premise. RWBY had better fight scenes. GL has better animation overall.
4) We still know next to nothing about the bad guys or their motives. If there is not more to them than just "conquer and kill" I'll be pissed. But there were hints in the pilot that there might be more going on than meets the eye in both sides of the conflict. Fingers crossed.
5) Concerning episode 5: I'm going to like any Cammy-centrred episode, as she's a fun character. But ||if she just shakes off panic and PTSD after one confidence building mission, I'll be steamed.|| The best story lines are the ones they're taking their time with, like the Chase/Miranda dynamic and the slow reveal of the darker side of the Gen:Lock program.
6) Long post. Sorry. Been waiting to geek out as people caught up
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): RWBY was pretty crap first season tbh. It went from edgy trailers to magical high school and that was... odd. I think that was Monty's influence of wanting 'anime like'? something like that. 

We should know the bad guys a little better by now imo, I'm losing hope. 

Completely ditto to Cammie. The same complaint as Rwby, they have a world with a lot of darkness and they need to own that. The dark storylines create tension and make us afraid for the characters we care about. Don't ignore the dark sides of things. They already missed the opportunity for a first kill angst.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh, and there's definitely evil in genlock. Someone going to get stuck as a bot.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~probably cammie, since theyre making us like her the most~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Or disembodied in a computer network. And I fully expect Chase's tank to be threatened soon.  And are Chase's mother and sister still alive? They were one of my favorite parts of the pilot
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): (I'll be up to date for you to geek with, no worries)
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): eh. I felt no love for Chase's family. Too much too fast.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Needed a *little* more time to know them.
Mark (Mad Doctor): I have only just met Cammie, but if anything bad were ever to happen to her, I would kill everyone in this room and then myself
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Basically.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): She said like two lines and I knew she'd be the reason to watch the show.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Her first line had "fuck" in it, of course we're going to love her the most*
Mark (Mad Doctor): Audrey is watching GL for the first time. When Val accuses Yaz of being a Union sympathizer, Yaz angrily shouts something like "it's not MY Union," leading me to believe the Union is not some impersonal/alien force, but a government that somehow became corrupt. There is a Union poster in NYC in the pilot that reads "We can lead the world without compromise" and the Union was clearly shielding sympathizers in the first battle.  I can't imagine they are intended to be abstract, impersonal evil.

BTW, Audrey wants to cosplay every female character, and Val.

BTBTW, the Colonel is voiced by Monica Rial, who is one of the few VA's to come out publicly against Vic Mignogna.  I wonder if she had any influence in the decision to let him go
Mark (Mad Doctor): Audrey's hooked
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I think Chases mom is alive and on the Unions side
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: also I'm positive theres more to the union cause remember we've met 3 people in the show that are normal humans who fought/were fighting for the union
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: that guy with his family in episode 1
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Yas (who left the union)
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: and the spy
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: so they aren't just generic hive mind, they're an actual human force
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah, when his mom learned of the attack, she acted like she had a plan to execute.  So much I want to learn. Please don't disappoint me, RT
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Also multiple union forces have referenced stuff relating to chase
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: The spy was like "I know somebody who'd love to see you"
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: And the union mech said "let the good times roll" which was his dads song
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ok finished Ep 5 and the show has me intrigued
