Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@229713389511901185>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Check out @FrozenElegance’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/FrozenElegance/status/1082815304554696704?s=09
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's a new winter model 👀 👀 👀 👀 👀 👀 👀 👀 👀 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Unless they just edited it for her poster
Tom (tomukuncosplay): hopefully 🙌
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Pretty sure that's from the Weiss trailer 

Like right before she's like "I'm not always going to be around to save you Weiss"
Mark (Mad Doctor): "I mean, I could be gone for three whole seasons..."
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I'd love if she came in and helped everyone but that's not happening. XD I'm just gonna have to wait another year
Anna (Cadmium): ugh watch she'll be part of the cliffhanger into the next season
Mark (Mad Doctor): Weiss' reaction was interesting when Winter was mentioned last week
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Honestly that would give me hope
Matt (mattmyers25): What are the odds of either someone dying this week or getting hurt?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Does qrows liver count?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ha.
Matt (mattmyers25): No
Mark (Mad Doctor): 3-2 odds on Adam
3-1 on Hobbit Atlas  Nazi
4-1 on Qrow and Maria
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hobbit Atlas Nazi XDD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pretty accurate.
Matt (mattmyers25): What about Blake and yang?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Qrow is a bad bet cause he’s been on the Death Flag Board for two seasons already.
Mark (Mad Doctor): They gonna live
Mark (Mad Doctor): I think Qrow will eventually die, but not this season
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not at this rate no.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He’s got a character arc now for Ruby and Yang to resolve, about his drinking.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Shit, he's gonna die right after he sobers up
Mark (Mad Doctor): Or else fall under Winters watchful jurisdiction
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’ll guess the drinking will drive them apart and get him killed, he’ll come back dramatically as a clean man to get killed saving the day, he’ll sacrifice himself because he’s better off dead anyway, or he’ll get clean and survive the series on the bus with every other character RT can’t link to the maidens.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Still waiting for RWBY automata and RWBYsona crossovers tbh.
