Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM UPSETTI
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM SO UPSET
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): god ive been saying for years how awful dany was becoming and just.... -GESTURES WILDLY-
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i knew it was comig but im SO MAD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 👀
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I know nothing, but I'm here for this
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): dany lit an entire city of innocent people on fire
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh holy shit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AFTER they surrendered
Rebecca (madameterralupus): WHAT
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh lovely
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AFTER THEY FUCKING SURRENDERED
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've only season a few of the first 2 season but keep up with what people post online.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Holy shit...DANY WHAT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and on top of it all, morons on tumblr are like "i dont blame her for what she did"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): EXCUSE ME
Matt (mattmyers25): You aren't the only one who is pissed about this about this episode
Matt (mattmyers25): The fan fiction is better
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *because she's hot, she gets a pass*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Tumblr logic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): dany is adam taurus
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and i wont ever sway my opinion on that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they are exactly the same
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 🍿
Matt (mattmyers25): Though the video I saw today about GOT for this season was right.
Also, does this mean she will die and fall off a cliff?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): manipulative, power hungry, ruthless, sociopaths
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): she better die
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I love Dany from what i've seen and am surprised to hear that she did this... what the hell. O.o
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like if she doesnt die after that carnage i will be SO pissed that i watsed 8 years of my life watching this
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shes horrible
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok but the thing is
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): she used to be my favorite
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): up until like ...season 5 ish
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and thats when she started to lose it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): her family is all inbred and they have a tendency to go mad
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and she was fighting it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): trying to prove that she wasnt like her family
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): CLEARLY
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee I haven't gotten past somewhere in season 2 so idk much aside for what hear from friends/internet.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ABut like yikes. Sounds kinda crazy O.o
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shes a monster, like honestly one of the most evil characters in the series
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and im so mad that people are still trying to defend her
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): as if killing countless people who surrendered to her was ok
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I would have never expected her to change to be that way. Like what... she was so sweet and innocent in the beginning.. omg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): god they also fucking assassinated one of my favorite characters growth
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im so mad
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): this episode was the worst thing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh? Who?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): jaime lannister
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh. Again, not up to date. I assume he has changed and is better/not an ass anymore? XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): he grew SO much
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and he died this episode..... in cerseis arms..... even though they set him up to fucking KILL HER
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im so fucking mad lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I really need to catch up someday lol. Maybe once the series finally ends I will lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And oof big yikes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sounds like a pretty messed up episodes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM SO FULL OF SALT YOU COULD CALL ME MORTON
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:salt:413183845878464522>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): One of my friends posted this 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): accurate
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ya'll i got so mad that i physically started to overheat and had to turn the AC on
Rebecca (madameterralupus): omggg D:
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Was that the last episode ?
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Like no epilogue?
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: Also. To that I say..... This is why we have fanfiction. To correct this * gestures vaguely * bullshit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): one more episode
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but they cant fix everything the fucked up unless it was all a vision and didnt actually happen
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but i DOUBT it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *~flashes back to someone in Season One waking up~*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *It was all just a dream*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nah like bran sees the future
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so like its an actual thing that COULD happen, but i have zero faith
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: I'm just eating popcorn n watching ppl lose their shit on Twitter so
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im still so upset lma
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i made myself sick
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): rip
Anna [Robo Hands 5ever]: We get too invested in these things
Jamie (Jamie): Okay but...we at least got to have CleganBowl in the middle of the mess of that episode
Jamie (Jamie): And also the only care i had in the beginning and end is that arya is still standing and ready to kill dicks being assholes
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ugh. There's so much I didn't like about that episode. Even Cleganebowl felt contrived and unsatisfying.  Danerys' descent is too far, too fast and seems to exist to make Jon look better in comparison. But all he has been doing this season is reacting simply to events. Jaime, what the fuck? Tyrian went from being my favorite character to gullible regret monster. Varys the multidimensional chess master meekly goes to his death.

Things I liked: War on this series has been represented as Shakespearean (character building and off camera), heroic, redemptive, and as a monster movie. War in this episode felt horrifically real.  I'm willing to buy a change in Arya's character after today

Arya had the other best moment, with the Hound. If they had ended his story with him going up the stairs to meet Gregor, I would have been happy.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): accurate
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i woke up still mad lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ive honestly never been this mad abotu a show before in my life, it's honestly ridiculous
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i recognize how ridiculous it is, and yet here i am still upset xD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): the maddest I've been at a show was the series finale to HIMYM
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof i heard that was bad
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeeeeaaaahhhh
Erik (Red Riot Thot): the fandom was universally pissed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think they released an "alternate ending" on the DVD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): was that any better?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): idk, never watched it lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I didn't follow the show religiously and still haven't watched the entire series but I wanted to at least see the finale
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh xD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and it was disappointing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just wanted to find out who the mother was and how Ted met her
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and then they finally revealed it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and then immediately killed her off
Erik (Red Riot Thot): the ultimate *thanks, I hate it*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH WOW
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fucking yikes
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEAH Noah’s roommates were screaming about GOT last night
Georgia (Something Sensible): I stopped watching in season 4
Georgia (Something Sensible): Did it end bad or did people just not like the ending?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): bad writing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they basically cancelled out all development for a lot of characters for shock value
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just really abrupt and unsatisfying endings to several characters stories
Matt (mattmyers25): https://twitter.com/SoulfirePhotos/status/1127770097244868609?s=09
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://lipstickgiraffe.tumblr.com/post/184853343652/lipstickgiraffe-the-bridge-from-your-past-to
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so uh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): unicorn store, anyone?
Jamie (Jamie): https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/bo21lv/spoilers_got_s8ep5_patch_is_here_we_have_tried_to/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Jamie (Jamie): https://www.reddit.com/r/dontyouknowwhoiam/comments/bo8wsn/game_of_thrones_character_arcs/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x
