Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Rwby has murdered me in cold blood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FUCK
Matt (mattmyers25): You couldn't handle the bees
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GUYS IM NOT OK
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I WASNT READY
Evie (Katheryne Knight): WELP NEXT WEEKS GONNA BE INTERESTING
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not super excited for giant robot fight, but Blake V Adam (V Yang) is a LIT fight.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): While I question why Adam is there, he’s still the best villain in the series rn sooooo I don’t even care.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I havent stopped screaming
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): This is how I die
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The little glances, the subtle expressions.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oof.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They finally have character writing down.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Wow my heart rate is through the roof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): This is neo right
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Basically
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The mech isnt what we should be worrying about
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Neo and cinder are there
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The mech is a distraction
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's a HELL of a spot.
Matt (mattmyers25): More looks like cinder than neo
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ^
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I mean... not really seeing as how she has both eyes
Matt (mattmyers25): True
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): shit.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Its definitely neo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Same face shape
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They framed her for a reason
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm just remembering Cinder as the driver  in the tournament.
Matt (mattmyers25): We may have 3 battles coming up. Ruby and company vs mech vs cinder and neo, and bees vs adam
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But yea the mech fight is probably gonna me next episode then neo cinder vs ruby and whoever in the finale
Matt (mattmyers25): Maria or qrow may die soon
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I don't think Neo and Cinder will fight until they actually get to atlas honestly
Matt (mattmyers25): Whys that?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause they were still all the way in Haven/Mistral when we last saw them. And honestly the time frame of this season is kinda fucked up
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): True. Though if they took a train and didn’t get derailed, maybe they’d arrive at similar times.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Possibly
Matt (mattmyers25): If they took the train
Jess (whoozica): Is this a math problem?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): PFFT
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hey RT leave the mechs for Genlock please
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But also confused how/why Adam is there other than to get revenge on Blake
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Much excite for Bees V Adam
Jess (whoozica): Adam is level 58 obsessisive stalker he was there da whole time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): He been here the whole time. We saw him in episode 1
Jess (whoozica): Yeet
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Been building up to this since vol 3
Erik (Red Riot Thot): He was in Argus since Ep 1?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They're directly paralleling heros and monsters next episode
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): No hes been following them since ep 1
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): We saw him on the train
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The guards left the door open then we saw adam on the train right before it derailed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh fuck I thought they were just having traumatic hallucinations
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Nope he even had his stupid blindfold in ep 1
Jess (whoozica): That's exactly what they wanted you to think
Matt (mattmyers25): He is a crazy stalker
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Also how could blake hallucinate an entire new outfit for adam
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And then Yang saw him
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yang saw his OLD outfit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That was a PTSD spell
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Damn I don't pay enough attention
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But yea vol 3 ep 11 is when the Adam shit went down  now it's going to go down a second time in vol 6 ep 11
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm so ready
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm really bad at picking out details in stuff
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I live for details
Matt (mattmyers25): He may die
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): He probably will die
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But not by blake or yangs hand
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): By his own dumb ass having a fit and getting himself killed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like Gaston in beauty and the beast
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Or what's his face in Tarzan
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes clayton
Matt (mattmyers25): Or Roman being eaten by a grimm
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That really wasn't his own fault though
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Lmao
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I love thinking that Blake hallucinated a whole new out fit
Tom (tomukuncosplay): That's so fucking funny to me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "What would adam look good in"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): " ah yes the kermit meme"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Probably too late for a redemption Arc 😬
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea I think it's safe to say that ship sailed when he murdered an entire hall of white fang
Tom (tomukuncosplay): <:pewish:420824457918152704>
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Possibly
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I hope we don't lose him as a villain tho, cause he's alot more personal than Salem/Cinder/etc.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Makes him more scary.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I disagree. Theres no reason to drag on that story arc
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): His beef is with blake and yang
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): No one else
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So it wouldnt make sense to drag him out for longer than this
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Yeah it should def be over, I kinda hoped it would have ended back in the last fight myself
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can’t see how he’d escape yet again I just... hate the Salem arc. It’s boring, may as well be collecting dragon balls.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So I prefer Adam as the villain because I feel something when they fight him. I’m invested in that conflict.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m just not scared of Salem. And Cinders kinda... meh? I suppose I should hate her too because of Pyrrha, but I just don’t get the same feeling.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Well a big difference with cinder and pyrrha was that it was nothing personal with pyrrha,she just happened to put up a fight and died because of it
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Also I do like how in the short skirmish we saw with Adam and Blake, he won't hit her with the sword. Every time he sees an opening he hits her with the hilt. Because he wants to "take her back" as a creepy ex would. But not kill her.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): But he obviously has no issue killing Yang
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oof that thought scares me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But she already lost an arm to him
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And they wouldn't kill off a titular character
Matt (mattmyers25): God damn it Erik
Matt (mattmyers25): And it would be cool for adam to die and Blake's hand. His wanting of her will get the best of him
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I just couldn't see Blake killing him tho, but it could happen
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Maybe if forced,like he's about to kill yang or something
Matt (mattmyers25): Yeah. But it is better to die like that then by a grim. Vol 6 is dark and I have a feeling the darkness level is about to be turned up
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Maybe he's dangling off a tower and grabs onto Yangs arm and it detatches....
Jess (whoozica): Rip that things expensive
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Lmao
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm sure Tai got the extended warranty that covers loss due to attack from abusive fuck boi
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): What if yang shoots her arm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like in the nora arm wrestle
Matt (mattmyers25): Not everything needs to be a gun
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .... I feel like that's major foreshadowing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Same
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But that was also the foreshadowing to her detatching it on Mercury
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): True, but it didnt SHOOT at merc
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like nora hit the wall
Erik (Red Riot Thot): True
Matt (mattmyers25): Side note, you can talk to the voice of Blake tonight on the unlocked app at 9pm
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Wut?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ooohh this fight between Adam and Blake gonna be V good. Adam's a piece of shit but his character is deff interesting to me
Anna (Cadmium): i really. really want like. yang or blake to cut his arm off
Anna (Cadmium): arm for an arm
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cut his legs off 
Pull his horns off
Show him you mean business
Mark (Mad Doctor): So did Weiss just yeet the Doofus Brothers out of an airship over open water? Parachute or not, they were at least a mile out to sea (dropped signal) over freezing water. Was she mad at the lack of Pilot Boi?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Perfect
