Evie (Katheryne Knight): NOPE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): No 😩
Tom (tomukuncosplay): https://www.reddit.com/r/RWBY/comments/aj53pg/the_final_fight_mikururunartwork/?utm_source=reddit-android
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oh.my.god. https://www.reddit.com/r/RWBY/comments/aj2z1b/i_heard_monty_animated_adams_fight_scenes_to/?utm_source=reddit-android
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH MY GOD
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I love it so much
Tom (tomukuncosplay): There's also this one by modded-joker
Erik (Red Riot Thot): OOF
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>  big oof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😬 Good time to remember adam was an abusive asshole and hes dead now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay so talking about Adam in that love songs class I have my professor was mentioning something about domestic abuse and showed a list of signs of it... so i started looking at them compared to Adama and holllyyy shit... soo many checked off
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean I knew he classified as domestic abuse but comparing side by side to a list... yikes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): This is so accurate.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@334090409389195266> valid, but the art *could* be depicting a pre-Blake moment right before he became an abusive asshole. The Adam that was killed before being birthed into a monster. Again, doesn't excuse the Adam we know and loathe, but there could have been a time when he was an innocent youth ~~(I'm trying really hard to word this in a way that doesn't contradict my post...)~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nah I don't think you are contradicting your post. I get whatcha saying. Not everyone is birthed being an abusive person they either pick it up from relatives who did it to them/family members or from something that happened in their life that caused them to become such way.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I mean it probably is depicting that BUT I dont want this art to bring about another round of Adam sympathizers
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Truuee
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ALSO VALID
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I say it's okay to feel sorry/sad for something that happened to a shitty character but it doesn't excuse their overall behavior/how they are. Remember how they are as a character and what true colors they show.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But it is painful to see
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And it makes me excited to see how they handle jacques next volume
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea not trying to be an asshole, I just am worried that if that's shown to the wider audience we will start having people arguing that he was turned into an abuser by the SDC and excusing his actions. Which isnt the point of how they chose to frame him in the show
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ok but also him being abused by humans doesnt explain how he treated blake and other faunus
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like yea Adam's branding is sad cause what the Schnee Dust Company did to him/others and what they did is totes shitty on their part as a company. But again doesn't excuse his behavior. It also definitely doesn't explain his reasoning for him treating her that way and others. It may not even be the cause of why he is the way he is. I don't think you're being an asshole. I totally get your point. There's been so many dicks that came out recently after all this Adam episode stuff defending him and they are in the wrong. They are taking any little information and fan art they can get to defend him. Hate to tell them though as much as they can dig up it's gonna get knocked down super fast. There's too many signs pointing to why he is not a good person, shows signs of domestic abuse etc. These people trying to defend him are just a bunch of dumbasses who really need a good lesson knocked into their fucking head.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like okay the fanart is a cool depiction on the moment and really good art. But dear lord stupid people of the internet do not take it and run with it. Cause ya ain't gonna get very far with your defending...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It'll get hella knocked down again.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Exactly
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I just hope that guy doesnt start getting bombarded with adam lovers
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Because I dont think that was the point
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't think it was at all. It was just fanart creation of a scene we'll never see. Hopefully they don't get any crazy Adam lovers coming at them... cause oof :\
Rebecca (madameterralupus): These Adam lovers are driving me nuts recently with their shit. Like it's fine to think he's a neat character but for the love of god don't think he's in the right or take it any farther. Like yes I do plan to do a genderbent cosplay of him but I 100% know he's a dick and an awful character. But I choose to cosplay him cause I dig villains, think his design is cool and he was a pretty interesting character even though, again is a dick.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Yeah.. hopefully not 👌 
Was thinking it was prob pre asshole Adam. Might go into that a bit later. I've always believed that being "evil" or selfish beyond redemption are learned traits
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Mhmm.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oo and yeah, cool character, outfit design and fighting style
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea hes a cool character
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): A good villain
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm. These "Adam Lovers"though are not separating enjoying his character and being so enjoyed with him they can't disagree with his actions 🙄
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And its annooyyyiinng. Ack.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It won’t excuse his actions leading up to his death, but his story doesn’t start with him being Blake’s abusive ex, just like at the time of the black trailer we didn’t know anything about him other than he was Blake’s partner. 

Exploring his history with SDC doesn’t mean he’ll just get a sympathetic light. It may also explore exactly why Blake ran from him in such a panic and that will condemn him even in death.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If people cosplay kamoshida from persona 5, you can cosplay Adam Rebecca. (Kamoshida sexually abused an entire volleyball team, beat the male team, drove a girl to attempted suicide, and told a playable character that if she didn’t sleep with him he’d have to take it out on her friend from volleyball.)
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Dunno why the FUCK you’d want to cosplay him. But he was definitely the best villain in the game, hands down.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You HATED him.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So stealing his heart is an absolute joy.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaa people cosplay shitty characters who did shitty things that aren't right irl all the time, just separate that what they did is NOT right. Don't be like omg no they are the best, they are not wrong for their actions etc. I mean I plan to also cosplay Junko Enoshima from Dangan Ronpa... she's a fucking crazy person who locked up students in a school and made them play her game which lead to them killing one another sooo. But I'm not over here like omg no Junko is right, she is not wrong for messing with their minds, etc. Killing each other was just helping society,blah blah... 
Just gotta thinky with ya brainy~ ~~BUT sadly some people don't. They see no wrong in seriously wrong actions. :\ And those are the people that scare me the mspst cause... yeaaa
Erik (Red Riot Thot): According to the RT Podcast, gen:LOCK is going to be longer episodes. The first one is supposedly like, 34 minutes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😒
Mark (Mad Doctor): What time is it dropping? Concurrent with RWBY?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): not sure
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but the first two episodes will be out for First members
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Is it on Saturday?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sick I'm excited for it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ecen if I'm salty about the extended episode length
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:salt:413183845878464522>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah I'm salty too. Most of their budget is going into this show
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~*it better be fucking phenomenal*~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I hope it flops. Just a little bit.
Anna (Cadmium): im salty about the episode length being so long compared to their uh flagship/breadwinner show but its gonna flop a little considering its only on RT first right?
on the other hand maybe theyll take notice of the length and then make rwby the same length.
Anna (Cadmium): that being said im NOT ready for saturday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): rwby might be a long episode because they squished together the last 2 episodes into one
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): maybe if they se it does well on top of genlock being longer they will make a point to extend the episodes next volume
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): especially now that they seem to have the story writing down pretty well finally
Anna (Cadmium): I think they had a lot of trouble transitioning from 'youtube series' to 'this is a show now'
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i'm more salty than i lead on, i really think they should be focusing all this effort on the show that brought them so much success in the first place instead of literally smooshing together the last 2 episodes to make space for this brand new show that they poured their whole budget into~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i still think i'll like gen:lock.... but like... really?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm Gen Lock looks cool but they seem to be pushing it a lot and putting all their effort and care into just that atm. Instead of their already successful shows that gained the audience they have now...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It still hasn't fully captured me. Hoping the first two episodes will change that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im with you erik
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nothing about it has hooked me like RWBY did when it came out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Agreed. It seems interesting but I am not like omg I *have" to watch that. I'm not too big of a robot/mech based series fan... and that seems to me at the moment what it's like? Soo, we shall see when it comes out.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That fanart of Adam we were discussing last night got shared into on of the groups/pages I follow.  So far no crazy comments like we were worried about. Just comments on why there for the branding or talk about seeing a episode of his past would have been neat. Someone who shared it's coment w/ it was "I feel bad for him." which valid as we said that does suck how he got branded form the SDC buuutt I love this person's comment. "hmm...nah. I get he hates humans cause of this but to kill his own kind just makes him evil" <--- Agreeed. Thank youuu. Totally agreeing w/ out mention of this doesn't excuse his behavior.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): extremely valid
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im so glad it's not getting the reaction i feared
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats a relief
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): after the last episode i have to admit the audience response honestly scared and worried me, but thats only a small portion of the shows audience. not everyone wants to excuse him. I need to remember that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm indeed. It's just a small shitty part of the fandom. Which every fandom has. Not everyone is like those idiots. Somehow those shitty people in the fandom get shown to the day of light easier than the good half :\ But don't worry, most of the fandom I know agrees with our thoughts. 😃
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *"Adam didn't deserve to die because he was unarmed"*
*V6C1 Adam literally slaughters over half a dozen of his own kind because they didn't want to follow him anymore*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea hes straight up evil
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): some of them potentially unarmed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they were in their "safe space" their hideout, no one was prepared to fight there
Erik (Red Riot Thot): the pan shot of the dead bodies shows they were basically all armed, but still, he kills them in cold blood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He's killed more people on top of that too previously. I mean look at the character short they did. He also killed his "high leader" because he wanted her spot..
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): he killed people just for sport it seems even before becoming siennas left hand
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And he chopped of his "darling's" teammates arm in that fight because of his crazyness of stalking her sooo yeaa
Anna (Cadmium): rip sienna i wanted more screen time for her
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ samee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): She seemed cool
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea sienna was awesome
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Killing humans is his MO though, as a radical extremist for faunus rights.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's when he turns on fang members he's truly snapped.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~There needs to be Sienna cosplayers. I've seen so few and she's got such a cool design.~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He had a code before that, a organization to be a part of.
Anna (Cadmium): but its like not even just an MO. he actively gained pleasure out of killing his opposition
Anna (Cadmium): and now hes just for personal gain
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea, but we know during that time in the white fang he was grooming blake
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like theres just SO much about him, sometimes people are just assholes.... and maybe thats his parents fault, we don't really know any of that, but i can't imagine that him being branded by SDC was really his first time feeling intense hate.

We have to remember that faunus were constantly prejudiced against, not JUST after the SDC thing. Adam grew up in a world where his kind were treated badly.

And to battle that the faunus started the white fang, which started with ghira and trying to fight back without killing.

we know adam wanted to kill humans, thats literally his entire character ark is that hes abusive and wants to kill humans for how they treat faunus.

I think adam was a sociopath before he even joined the white fang
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~don't for get Sienna encouraged Adam's behavior tho~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Because it's not even just that he abuses blake... he has ZERO remorse, he has no empathy. he is a textbook sociopath. that isnt a learned trait. It's worsened by encouragement but, it's not something that just happens one day
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm rewatching his character short and the scene where they're infiltrating the SDC he smiles as he's about to stab a human after already disarming him and knocking him to the floor. He's only stopped because Sienna says they should press on with their mission
Anna (Cadmium): Its one thing to hate humans for the abuse and prejudice he experienced but to actively seek out specific persons makes it worse
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But he would have shown no remorse if given the chance
Anna (Cadmium): oh yeah i think we all agree he was a sociopath from day one
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh, 100%
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but what im trying to say, sociopaths are born
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not learned
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they are born with a predisposition to have no empathy towards others
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but, i don't think being a sociopath automatically makes you a bad or evil person
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it just so happens that adam WAS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): on the other hand, i think showing adams brand was foreshadowing for vol 7
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we're probably going to learn more about him even if we dont want to
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~or if you do~~
Marisa (Mawisa): there can be both born and turned sociopaths, but the turned ones generally occur from a young age, over a long period of time, or due to highly traumatic experiences. they're rarer than born ones.
im not caught up so i can't say anything about adam but divergent behavior was one of my focuses in school so i know a lot about messed up people and behaviors if anyone has question about it ;u;
Anna (Cadmium): *takes notes*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Touche, i was wrong, but even then his mixup with SDC had to be as an adult, so i still cant see that being the turning point
Anna (Cadmium): no it probably was something that just justified his actions in his mind
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea^
Anna (Cadmium): side note RT wrote his character incredibly well
Marisa (Mawisa): ya my divergent behavior professors were a blind man and a woman who both worked in prisons for over a decade. they could command a classroom with full respect it was crazy
Anna (Cadmium): amazing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats really cool marisa
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i would love to have that class
Anna (Cadmium): one of my professors cut off part of his finger with a table saw and got it reattached and he just used that basically as an excuse to be terrifying
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Anna (Cadmium): he was a dick
Erik (Red Riot Thot): one of my professors wrote on the white board with Sharpie
Anna (Cadmium): oh i got STORIES from state university about some of the SHIT i had to deal with
Anna (Cadmium): are u sure that wasnt an intimidation tactic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): did he then erase it and amaze everyone?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): no, he was just a really old guy and didn't notice it wasn't a dry erase marker
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg LoL
Marisa (Mawisa): i was just recommending some textbooks to someone else if you're interested. they're not textbooks but regular books that were used as textbooks. 2 of them were:
Tiger Tiger (written by a girl who was groomed by a pedophile as a child, writes about her experiences and thoughts on the matter and how it occurred over years and years without anyone intervening)
8 Ball Chicks (about teenage girl gangs in the inner city, the experiences of girls and reasons for being in the gang and doing what they do)
there were also video interviews with serial killers and sociopaths (the killing kind and the non-killers) that should be available on youtube
Erik (Red Riot Thot): no he left it up for the cleaning crew 😂
Marisa (Mawisa): Divergent behaviors and Disaster behaviors are my jam ;u;
Erik (Red Riot Thot): he was telling us how steam engines worked (he was a train nut) and he drew a picture of a train lol
Marisa (Mawisa): did the sharpie ever get erased
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah
Anna (Cadmium): asshole professor also had a policy that if you recorded or took pictures of his lecture in any way he would throw you out of the class and remove you from the course.
he did, if you wanted to know. some international student took a picture. 
interesting imma check out tiger tiger because i was wanting to read something like that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ohh ima check those out too
Anna (Cadmium): oh the abducted in plain sight documentary on netflix was good i think thats what it was called
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i love that shit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i wanted to become a clinical psychologist for a while
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that kind of stuff is incredibly interesting to me
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah! it's messed up and freaky but also fascinating.
my forensics professor made us sort through trash and it's fascinating how much info you can obtain on a person by going through one bag of their garbage.
Anna (Cadmium): interestingly hands on. sounds like you had a cool prof
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i have watched every episode of forensic files 3x over~~
Jess (whoozica): people going through my garbage "these people drink alot of coffee, and buy way to many vegtables they dont eat"
Marisa (Mawisa): at the end of the semester he ran out of stuff to teach so he just had us watch episodes of bones and promised to bring in his bagpipes to play for us but he never did
Jess (whoozica): ~~did yall watch *you* on netflix?~~
Anna (Cadmium): o wait i forgot . asshole prof who threw a kid out of the class also banned watches during exams thinking it was gonna let us cheat cause apple watches
Anna (Cadmium): we could bring the manual to class but couldnt have writing in it and if you didnt have the 3rd edition you couldnt use it
Anna (Cadmium): if you didnt put down your pencil by the end time of the exam he would dead tear your paper in half
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikess
Anna (Cadmium): aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand we had labs instead of homework and he basically told the TA's to take points off randomly bc people werent asking enough questions in class
Anna (Cadmium): ~~he banned laptops and phones during class at 8:30AM and unless you had an ADA waiver you legit could only take notes on paper~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i did jess~~
Marisa (Mawisa): bring in a slate and some charcoal for your notes
Anna (Cadmium): o and when he yelled he was fucking scary
Anna (Cadmium): this was a class of like 150 ppl and it was legit like the scariest prof i ever had bc he was just. like it felt vaguely like domestic violence its the only way i can describe it
Jess (whoozica): ~~they are similar? narcissistic? scary-real?~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes. And I thought my one professor I had the other semester was bad... this guy sounds like a nightmare
Anna (Cadmium): thats not even the worst prof i had. One literally had to be babysat by the department because he was such an awful professor we got an average of 24 on an exam and he wasnt gonna curve it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg
Anna (Cadmium): ~~mag's professor literally reported 90% of her class for academic dishonesty because they didnt cite formulas the prof had given them in powerpoints in class~~
Anna (Cadmium): thats another nightmare in itself the school still tries to cover it up cause the prof was told make your class a second weed out class so he just reported like everyone except his favorites and fucked off to disney for a week after he did it.
Anna (Cadmium): ~~so when i say that Adam is like terrifyingly real this is some of the shit ive experienced with ppl in power so i do not like when ppl try to defend him~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeesh. What some shitty professors...
Anna (Cadmium): hes like. one of the department chairs/heads
Anna (Cadmium): hes on the board that decides if you can get your PhD or not for that field of study
Anna (Cadmium): not the 24 average guy hes banned from teaching from the school
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I would just like to say I've seen 2 Adam posts today. All comments have been good. Only maybe 1 was bad of some nut job calling him her bf.. everything else though is like stop this, doesn't excuse so bless, the good people of the fandom are finally showing up and knocking these shitty fans back into their hole and telling them they wrong 👌
Anna (Cadmium): praise whatever lord you believe in and if you dont believe in a religion praise sociology
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~almost thought you said scientology~~
Anna (Cadmium): i almost thought i typed that myself
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO SAME
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was like, wow we're learning too much about anna right now...scientology
Anna (Cadmium): ahahahahahaha no i am a heathen
Anna (Cadmium): like actually
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My Adam post is up to 2415 notes and there's a lot of good additional commentary in the comments adding to how much of a shitbag he was
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I'm reading through this chat and I'm loving the breakdowns you guys are giving like I'm not paying attention to work cause I'm getting invested in the essays about Adam XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my hatred of adam comes from a vary real place xD nit here to fuck around
