Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So. Rt just expy’d NASA.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s a waste weller is dead tho. Even will Caliban, David tennant is too good to use for the info dump machine.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I like how RTASA's logo is a mashup of the RTX logo and NASA's
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and definitely saw a decrease in animation quality this episode. getting choppy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I was wondering who voiced Henry and OMG IT'S PROZD
Georgia (Something Sensible): Wait what <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They have a rtasa shirt
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That was revealed like a week early
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rooster teeth, trying to butter up to Wezrez cosplay.
Georgia (Something Sensible): _they knew I existed_
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Check out @RoosterTeeth’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/RoosterTeeth/status/1101630300172369920?s=09
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): One advantage of being old is that I grew up with *really* crappy animation. So choppy motion isn't as much of a problem as it is for y'all who grew up with Pixar. The pictures move, which is better than the Hannah Barbera turds I grew up with.
Good things this week: 1) characters slowly processing some of the implications of Gen:Lock technology. Moving slowly, but forward.
2) Henry the Nerd. Doing the work of the entire Anvil Garrison
3) It me
4) Robot or not, we get to keep David Tennant
5) How the hell did Weller land that dish?

Things I didn't like
1) the aerial fight scene felt confused
2) Chase's family? Let's just snip that dangling plot thread lest it become an interesting story line
3) Yaz and Chase held hands on an airship. Fuck Miranda
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): His family could come back.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Inventor dude thinks they're dead, which is what everyone would presume if the person in question was in the attack on NYC.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Perhaps. He seemed pretty sure though.
We also got our first glimpse at *why* the Union are the bad guys (apart from nano WMDs): they round up and kill "intellectuals" like Mao and Pol Pot did
