Erik (Red Riot Thot): I thought that was a hell of an episode. But like, is Weller dead? Guess they could only afford 6 episodes worth of David Tennant
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Probably going to be an AI.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Wouldn't be surprised if an Android Weller pulled the pin, or if he Gen:Locked his brain into Caliban, or some such. He did give his robot buddy a special code phrase, didn't he?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: omega protocal
Mark (Mad Doctor): Could have been a message concerning where to take the team, but given that omega is the last letter in the Greek alphabet, it could have something to do with a contingency death plan
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: ye
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: If anything he definitely should have at least a final message
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He only said he wouldn’t be making copies of brains, not that he can’t, or hasn’t. Could apply to him as well.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Now I wanna see Weller in a holon, saying "Allons-y!"
Mark (Mad Doctor): BTW I loved the moment where Val assisted the stunned Kazu. I saw the visual as a metaphor for their interaction, but it was one of those moments I described above about how the series can explore some really cool thematic issues
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Reddit also pointed out seller said he “tried cloning himself once, it didn’t work” so more evidence to some form of backup.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Given that Chase's avatar was projected using the Anvil facilities, I wonder if we'll be seeing less of his anthropomorphic self
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Genlock got a ship chart.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j0j1f1rAW45ZIx6gcJGe1OL6jxVP0HvcWOxkdWvz9GI/htmlview
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Caught up on bnha manga and BOY DO I HAVE SOME FEELINGS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Maybe that's what I'll do today ~~after *maybe* unpacking from Katsu~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I like, actually have free time
Jess (whoozica): Oh I'm not the only one thank God (I mean the unpacking )
Georgia (Something Sensible): i unpack the DAY i get back because im weird about that
Jess (whoozica): I mean I unpacked but then everything sits in the living room for a week
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I took my laundry out and zipped my suitcase back up lmao
Jamie (Jamie): I still had CCE stuff in my suitcase prior to moving in december so I know I'm bad for not unpacking for forever
Jamie (Jamie): it was empty of most clothing items but everything else I had to put in boxes right out of the suitcase lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have specific drawers for cosplays so i like to get those back in the drawers
Georgia (Something Sensible): but my normie clothes can end up just in a pile for a while
Jamie (Jamie): lol see you have a system, i do not. currently my bag is screwed because where I want to have my cosplay storage area is currently still a wall of bins in the office so <:rip:378273525804433408>
Jamie (Jamie): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My stuff gets put in old Amazon boxes piled up on my floor because I have no room for them anywhere else
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have storage bins I put mine into in my tiny ass closet...
I got most of ym stuff from katsu put away just gotta wash costumes, put away and then put away wigs too
Jess (whoozica): I have a whole room dedicated to cosplay and I still cant manage to get everything back in it's place
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof the dream...  a room for cosplay T_T
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~does a poorly lit basement count as well~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): ugh real talk moving all that cosplay stuff is gonna be a binch when my mom downsizes to her retirement house
Georgia (Something Sensible): _theres so much of it_
Jamie (Jamie): i'm getting there to having a cosplay room ~~well half but since the other half is computers still works~~ but jason wants to paint and all the things before I can actaully the room for crafting
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I didn’t put anything away until yesterday for Katsu. All I did was take the booze outta my laptop case and put my work laptop in.
Matt (mattmyers25): I still need to hang up some of my cosplay stuff
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Today is laundry.
Matt (mattmyers25): Also, I have my own prop corner now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I guess I'm the odd one out xD immediately upon walking through my door I unpacked and put everything away and started the laundry.... ~~so I can peacefully deal with post con depression later~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm too post-con depressed to do that lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m usually better about it, but I was dead tired getting back and last week was hell at work so I didn’t have much time for anything.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Genlock only has two episodes left?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ye it's almost done for the season
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~that’s not good~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): What the fuck, really?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So it's only 8 episodes?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): To be fair they're all long episodes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): True, so by Rooster Teeth standards it's a normal duration
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm just thinking like, shows like BNHA have similar episode lengths and there's at least 20 episodes per season. Maybe it's an unfair comparison because RT is a smaller company and is still growing and it's an original story concept instead of an adaptation, but still
Erik (Red Riot Thot): They hyped it up so much for there to be only 8 episodes I think
Georgia (Something Sensible): _they a small company but they make hella money dont they_
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *with that overpriced merch store and RTX you bet*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I see it more of like a Netflix series
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They usually have 8-10 episodes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And the last episode was good for a mid season arc finale. With two episodes left the remaining episodes aren’t going to have enough time to build a proper season finale.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): True, but usually they're all dumped out in one go
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I mean they're usually like an hour long each ep but... I feel like RT is trying to compete more with Netflix and hulu and amazon
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So the last episode may have been the climax of the season? Somehow?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Netflix does long enough to tell the story arc.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It definitely is and the next two are going to either be very rushed or build to a giant cliffhanger week have to wait a year for
Mark (Mad Doctor): There's room for a major cliffhanger: Julian learns that his family is alive and being held, Weller's ghost reveals the Dark Side of Gen:Lock tech, the military decides to end the Gen:Lock experiment...with prejudice
I'm willing to bet money that next week's episode opens with the Anvil crew digging out of the rubble.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh I just assumed they were all dead and the military was just bye bye and the GL team is in their own
Mark (Mad Doctor): Miranda and the other Walkers likely survived as we know they can seal their mechs. And Miles was too adorable to kill
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Id like to see the walker pilots alive. They join up with genlock and while genlock wants to play fast and loose with military protocol the walkers bring the sense of order to the team.
Mark (Mad Doctor): However, if both David Tennant's and Dakota Fanning's characters die, RT will save a fortune on VA salaries
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Very true
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Which I feel would be a dick move to draw in an audience by having these well known actors joining the cast and then killing off their characters
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I wish I could believe RT wouldn’t do that but.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh same
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I honestly wouldn't put it past them
Erik (Red Riot Thot): With 8 episodes at about 20 minutes each (removing opening and credits) they could have just made a feature length animated film
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Can I rant here for a sec about gen:Lock?

Okay so I really like the series but there is one major issue right now and that I can't get invested in the caharcters or plot because I don't understand their cause.

Why is there a war? Who is the Union? Why is the world the way it is? 

We have no pretense to what is happening. All I gather is Union bad, Vangaurd good. And it's... Very bland and dull imho.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I like it but I'm not like "OMG GEN LOCK"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I mean in a sense I'm a hypocrite because I love Evangelion and they didn't really explain the Angels either. So they might do something like that, but I got more attatched to the characters if Evangelion faster. Idk what the difference is here for me, but like... I like Val and stuff but yeah...
Chris Onyx: Also something worth saying for Gen:Lock is that it has a massive ass budget due to the other production company
Chris Onyx: Michael B Jordan's production company pitched in a /lot/
Evie (Katheryne Knight): This recent episode is drawing me in because of Chase's conflict, and the cliffhanger we were left with
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Also I felt kind of dumb because apparently in episode 5 we were supposed to know that the bad mech was another version of Chase
Like, Miranda is all pissy because it talked like Chase and had his moves and I was like "Wait, it *did*?"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah me too.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Someone commented if they replaced the Union with aliens we wouldn’t know the difference. It’s true.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So little of the story is gripping.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I rewatched the scene and was like,  ok, it *does* sound like Chase, but there were no physical movements that indicated that. Have him throw up a salute as he flies away,  *then* maybe I would have connected the dots
Erik (Red Riot Thot): To me it just seemed like a clumsy malfunctioning holon prototype
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yup.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We don’t KNOW Chase we’ll enough to id his moves.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Other than the salute
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like, the animation is pretty and the voice acting is great, but the writing isn't any better than any other RT writing
Mark (Mad Doctor): I agree with Evie. We need to see more of the Union. Capture a prisoner. Infiltrate a base. If they're evil, show them being evil. If they're human adversaries, show them being human
Jess (whoozica): Ok dudes should I watch genlock?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Watch so you can join us in bitching about it
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: It looks super pretty too
Jess (whoozica): Coo I gotta put on something while I fold 3 loads of laundry
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Kazu val fight scene was one of my favorite things rt has animated in a while
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That was pretty cool
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Val could step on me and I would thank them
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I wanna cosplay Male val
Jess (whoozica): So who's attacking them? I'm only on ep one I confuse
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's it. That's the show.
Jess (whoozica): Oh cool
Jess (whoozica): I'm getting masseffect/halo vibes
Jess (whoozica): Why is the frame right like 2
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Vanguard = good
Union = bad
Why is Union bad? itisamystery.com
Jess (whoozica): Ok coo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It doesn't get any less confusing
Jess (whoozica): Great!
Jess (whoozica): Sign me up
Jess (whoozica): Is that cordovan?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~that's what I thought too ~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I was thinking it’s basically just giant master chief.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Jess (whoozica): Oh a cyberpunk band just got off a plane
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMFAO
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh also rip Cammie PTSD arc.
Mark (Mad Doctor): All better! I was afraid of that
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Well that botched Yang’s and she had a whole season for it.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Props to them if she thinks she's recovered and it hits her again hard. But I won't hold my breath
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~when are their mechs getting personalized like in the opening?~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~give Cammie's mech bunny legs~~
Jess (whoozica): Hallans? Are their robots?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Holons are the mechs, yes
Jess (whoozica): Oo ok yea wasn't sure how to spell it
Jess (whoozica): I like Dr. Weller he's that crazy scientist type i like 😂
Mark (Mad Doctor): He needs to say "wibbly-wobbly timey-wimey...stuff"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~yangs wasnt botched~~ but yes cammie seems fine now which is a big nope from me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Started rewatching and found this very subtle visual clue
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh, and then he sings the one line
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I guess my poor reading comprehension skills translate to poor visual comprehension as well
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m bad with that too. I just get into what I’m watching and miss all the subtle shit. It’s why I mostly notice character dialogue and action sequences.
Georgia (Something Sensible): The funny this is that I’ve read all y’all are saying in this chat and I’ve only watched the first episode
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I still have no idea what’s going on
Jess (whoozica): That's ok neither do we
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yep ok I hadnt watched the latest episode until just now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Gotta say, still font get why everyone is so HYPED about it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): This might have been genlock version of fall of beacon but the reason it worked in rwby was because they made us love all of those characters before killing them
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like this episode was ... meh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And I'm really not looking forward to another weird adventure type show if that's the direction they're going in
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): yup. I just disappointed knowing this isn't a mid season finale, this is somehow the finale.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Also upon rewatching up episode 4 and 5 I've come to realize cammie does not have PTSD... and if she does it's not even close to the extent that yang has. 

Cammie physical body was not harmed, though I'm sure having her head removed in mech form was disorienting and scary. When she woke up she was whole. And she has a huge support network of people who have experienced the same exact feelings who are there for her and ready to talk to her about it if she needs
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I dont think they should linger on cammie having ptsd...  because.. she doesnt have it. However, they also shouldn't just glaze over the fact that that was a very scary thing to happen on her first real battle
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They are continuing to fail at developing the main cast of characters
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And now that their base has been destroyed I'm sure we wont have the downtime to develope them naturally
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Everything has been both ... too slow.. and also rushed. 

The development of characters is so slow. So is the information we are given about the story. 

But on the other end, I dont think this massive killing off of the base should have happened this early on.. without proper development of the character were supposed to love.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like I still have no idea what is ACTUALLY going on and theres only 2 episodes left of the season
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And then a year of waiting for answers we probably still won't get
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Exactly
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pretty much ditto to everything. They set Cammie up for PTSD with the 'rookie' episode where they showed she was not ready for war. Then they put her into her first mission, and she was *literally* crushed in it, but came out ready and kicking for round two.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The disjoint from the setup to the result was the problem.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If I'm being honest, I've been watching with hope that I'd be able to find something to cling to in order to be in the new genlock fandom... but the more I watch.. the less I want to continue watching.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~shitposting it is kinda fun~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Eh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): When all I see is people essentially sucking its dick online, saying how phenomenal it is and all that, and then watching it myself and just feeling like I'm somehow missing something. Idkkkkk, maybe I just dont get it? XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I was really hoping for more character buildup this first season.
Mark (Mad Doctor): I like the potential of it and I'm willing to give it a fair chance. There are elements I like and others which make me cringe. I'd say it's on par with the first season of RWBY, so I'll stick with it for now
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Well, Chase's sister is alive because she was logged into the Ether when they went in
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh waiy never mind
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Literally just saw the thing that says "awaiting user login"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Kind of a dumb concept for avatars to still be present when not logged in. You'd think the ether would get overcrowded with inactive users
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~could've used it as a plot point to further develope chase~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rt is allergic to character development tho.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh shit, you right
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm full of salt today, I apologize
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~you should be tho~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Imagine all of the "oh, shit, forgot my password. Better start a new account" avatars there would be.   
Hm, maybe we've discovered the origin of those black silhouette characters from vol 1 of RWBY
Mark (Mad Doctor): Monica Rial, who voices the colonel from Gen: Lock, will be at Zenkai
