Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): tTHERE SHOULD BE A GENLOCK LOGO ON THE ATLASZOID
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also Blake should take Adams weapon and use that instead of gambol shroud.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): No, that weapon has done horrible things
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's like Harry Potter using Voldemort's wand
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Use it to kill him with
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just want him to get yeeted off a cliff like the character he's based off of
Mark (Mad Doctor): Blake has blown Adam off once, telling him he's not really part of her world anymore. I kind of want to see that happen again, but have it sink in. Don't kill him, but make him realize what a pathetic shit he has become
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Mm.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He’ll really suffer knowing Blake has replaced him entirely with Yang.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Clarity: one of the worst things you can wish on a villain
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "hey whats your sexuality?"
me: -sends this gif-
https://66.media.tumblr.com/1dc38e2e9a2c58aac565610ff9d24af8/tumblr_plhh1qvzth1r3l45wo1_540.gif
Matt (mattmyers25): Thank you,next?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmeYSCn54IM
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): genlock actually looks like it might be good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they finally sparked my interest
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 2018 - the year of RWBY cosplay
2019 - the year of BNHA cosplay
2020 - the year of gen:LOCK cosplay?
Jess (whoozica): when do this come out again?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Jan 26th?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I love mech so I'm hype for Gen:LOCK
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't think Gen:lock will get as much cosplay as Rwby.
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm not even that into Mecha series, but this looks good. I'm ready to go
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): DAMN RIGHT MARK
Anna (Cadmium): People are gonna cosplay genlock. And then cross RWBY with genlock
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im ready for THAT
Anna (Cadmium): And then it's just full circle
Anna (Cadmium): Wait shit maybe I shouldn't set my RTX lineup yet
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sign me up already lol
Anna (Cadmium): Leggo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): for that crossover
Anna (Cadmium): I need this in my life rn HOLY CRAP ITS 30 OUT AND A MAN JUST WALKED BY IN SHORTS AND A T SHIRT
Anna (Cadmium): defibiteky wrong channel but I had to let y'all know
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ⚠ *two days till Bees v Adam* ⚠
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~I'm guessing~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): The episode starts, and Maria starts reminiscing and... backstory flashback!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): episode starts and we hear sun and neptune
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they are detectives
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *investigating why Illa never accepts Neptune’s advances*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): exactly
