Anna (Cadmium): Def. The fact that even Mercury was looking at Salem making all the flying monkeys like she was crazy is showing how shit is hitting the fan
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They be like damn.. this bitch crazier than we thought lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I think Merc might be regretting his choices but we'll see XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): WHERES MY WINTER OUTFITS.
Anna (Cadmium): Wait. It's a new season. 
FUCK THEY GON CHANGE OUTFITS
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol prrooobbss since they finally in Atlas where is cold
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i guess I'll buy NYCC tickets to see them early~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Bougie ass Atlesian attire
Anna (Cadmium): Turns out that Atlas military fashion is really just tactical for camoflauge
Anna (Cadmium): Fuck Weiss is gonna get some hella over the top Atlas shit isn't she.
Anna (Cadmium): Blake is def gonna get a new jacket
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Most likely lol. Blake deff needs a new jacket cause that girl gonna freeze if not D:
Anna (Cadmium): I love how you're finishing up Blake. As she cannon lost her jacket
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Blake with a fur lined coat plz
Anna (Cadmium): Oh god NO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO
Anna (Cadmium): do you know how much of a NIGHTMARE sewing fur is
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I do
Anna (Cadmium): Not enough lint rollers to keep fur off ur black clothes for Blake
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Does Blake shed fur from her ears?? lol~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Does Sun shed fur from his tail??~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Are they gonna get high atlesian fashion outfits
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Because I'm here for it
Anna (Cadmium): I need that
Anna (Cadmium): I need those crisp hems
Anna (Cadmium): Clothes that actually look like you can find a pattern for something similar
Anna (Cadmium): That's a lie Winters outfit looks like a bitch to make
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yo side note
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Neo has both Roman's hat and his neck scarf
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Pretty sure it is. Just ask Evie lol~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And it makes me cry
Anna (Cadmium): I really. Really subscribe to neo is Romans kid
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I dont lmao neo is definitely an adult and roman was 100% not old enough to have an adult child
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): However she might be like
Anna (Cadmium): She looks like she's fifteen what
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): His adopted "daughter"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay but like I've been rewatching old RWBY stuff on top of this and Neo's growing on me suddenly now after rewatching and re-seeing her??
Anna (Cadmium): How old is she
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Shes based on a genderbend of torchwick himself
Anna (Cadmium): Twin sister?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I think she was originally supposed to be
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): His exact age
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮
Anna (Cadmium): Or sibling then
Anna (Cadmium): There's def more there than torchwick just being her boss
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea she was really connected to him
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I deff think so too
Anna (Cadmium): Like. She's way more connected
Rebecca (madameterralupus): No one's "that" connected to their boss lol
Anna (Cadmium): ~~they married it's the only explanation~~
Anna (Cadmium): JK but like. There's def another connection
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I ship them but like.... not really as romantic. As like a QPR or something
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like they're both their extreme best friend
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I kinda ship them? But not 100% sure hooww I do. I never really cared for them in the past until recent and when rewatching things lol. ~~I know that's kinda probs weird lol!!
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah I mean. I still think he's her dad but also like I get way into fic
Anna (Cadmium): They're related in some way
Anna (Cadmium): Whether like a Nora Ren thing
Anna (Cadmium): Like how they kinda survived bc of each other
Anna (Cadmium): Or if it's kinda just a they have so much history together
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ye valid
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I subscribe that Roman and Neo aren't related at all. He probably picked her up off the street, somewhat a father figure. Could go romantic in the Ren/Nora *we've been friends forever so why not* way, or they'll be like family forever.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's kinda the one I feel is true.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And I theorize
Anna (Cadmium): So basically adopted daughter. OR. Adopted in the idea that no one ever showed her any love so once he showed her any attention she latched on. Kinda like. How emerald follows cinder
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I just realized that comparison as well..
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yikes.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Seems more like Roman raised her, taught her to think, rather than to serve.
Anna (Cadmium): Ohhhhhh shit. 
This. Explains why cinder is acting so easily with neo. Because she knows how she sways emerald
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Cinder is faking motherliness to trick young girls from broken/non-existent families to sway them into evil? Shit that sounds a lot more diabolical laid flat out like that.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah like I ship Gelato hard but I can see it being romantic or platonic 

~~i perfer romantic cause I'm absolute garbage~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Cinder is another form of abuse and I'm sure were all gonna hate her with a passion similar to adam soon
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Especially after seeing how she treats neo now. Super manipulative
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I mean I already hated her after Pyrrha. But yeah I can see it going that way, completely. She's been getting closer and closer to Adam levels of hatable since the end of volume 3
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Eh. Cinder is boring. And Neo doesn't get manipulated. She was trained by Torchwick.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I fully expect Neo to betray Cinder.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Remember that Neo (correctly) blames Cinder in part for Roman's death.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Doesnt mean shes not trying to manipulate her
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The same way she does with em and merc
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *oh she can try*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Neo's playing her too.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Which is why I don't mind the team up.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Emerald and Merc are boring (or were boring, on their own they've started to gain personalities) because they may as well be suited mooks like Junior's thugs.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): To be fair she's in a vulnerable spot, so even if Neo is much more keen and on her wits than Emerald, Cinder is a smooth talker. She will try her damnest to get into Neo's head in order to use her and throw her away. At least that's what she thinks she'll be able to do. Neo might have other plans
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I hope Cinder gets completely bamboozled.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Because at this point Ms Schemes A lot is a bit of a joke villain.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): She's got the bad bitch thigh high boots tho. So I'm assuming she's back on her game, mentally
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So I was rewatching Roman's death and... how does Neo have his hat and bandana... it gotten eaten with him XD Unless he had multiples lol.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Roman's not dead~~
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): New headcanon. Roman had a closet full of the same outfit for every day of the week like a cartoon character
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol the grimm just... shat him out??
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Also, there's a possibility the hat Neo wears isn't a Torchwich original, her semblance is materialization after all. Could just be created in his image.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Trruuuee
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I want to know if Neo created that outfit for Cinder. Cuz damn those boots are 🔥
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Like do they just sell those in Argus?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Fanon(?) is Cinder can sew well.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Those two are still in mistrel. That was a mistralian airship.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Ahhh you right. Yeah I doubt they have high fashion like that in Mistral 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Alternate Post Credits Scene:* We pan in on an Atlesian laboratory, robot arms working on an android. We get a back shot of the mechanical bed rotating upright. Closeup up the android's closed eyes. The eyes open revealing bright green irises. "Sal-u-tations!" Cut to black
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): PLEASE tho
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I miss Penny
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): 
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): That image broke my damn heart
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay but Ruby's face.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): She like "Swigitty swoogity I'mma comin' for that robo booty."
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I can never stop shipping nuts and bolts tho. Like it's too pure.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't really ship Ruby with anyone buuutt I can kinda get behind nuts and dolts.. it cute
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): ~I also ship Rose Garden~ I know I'm trash 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~It's okay. I multi ship charas in rwby too lol~~
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Same tho. Multi shipping is the way of the future.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Can we just note that Jinn probably only broke the rules because Wooby made this face?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pwwweasee Jinn? 
https://giphy.com/gifs/drink-please-puppy-dog-eyes-TKY4CQ3Xk76qQ
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I read that as Jim.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Lmao bill when the episode came out with jinn in it the first time I  was at geekdom and I had no glasses because cosplay
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Hunter had subs on so I could tell what was happening
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I swore that jin's name was jim
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): All day
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): loooool
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Can we just call her that from now on? XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Got 'em
Georgia (Something Sensible): finallu seen the episode oof
Georgia (Something Sensible): that was only like 14 minutes, it wasnt a huge let down of a finale but it felt kinda lackluster
Mark (Mad Doctor): I guess we knew going in that vol. 6 was going to be another travel arc. Given how thin the plot is (let's go from Haven to Atlas), I think they did a stellar job with keeping us engaged throughout the season. But I think you're right in that the payoff (hey look, there's Atlas) felt kind of anticlimactic
