Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I like it so far too. I'm excited to see where it goes as a series.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Genlock has some frame rate issues.
Mark (Mad Doctor): They borrowed those issues from the Atlas mecha
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m finding people’s voices are drowned out by the music a lot.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I agree, I have to watch with subtitles
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): My auditory processing issue makes it really hard for me to hear them over the music or sound effects
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *-still hasn't watched it yet-*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Which is kind of annoying because I have a hard time paying attention to what's happening
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Valentina and Cammie are my favs so far
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Honestly Kazu is too
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I love all the other pilots tbh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): My blake really like cammie too, I still havent found a character I like
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Valentina: step on me
Cammie: snuggle me
Kazu: D a d d y af
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Its not a bad show, just dont think it's really been sold on me yet still
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I feel that Leanna
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'll keep watching though to see if itll grow on me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Saaaaame 
Though I really love Valentina just their design scares me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Valid xD
Mark (Mad Doctor): I like the ambition of the series. I feel there's a lot to learn about each character and the world they live in. The next few episodes should tell us if RT is going deep on this series
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea I agree, I think the universe is really cool, and theres a lot of potential for it to be a good series
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I just hope something grabs me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm sure they will
This series is definitely targeted to a bigger audience so I feel they are going to pull out all the stops
Mark (Mad Doctor): If they give us monster/crisis of the week, I'll go meh. But if they delve deep into the issues surrounding transhumanism and give us good character based stories, it's a winner. Signs are looking good (Chase's relationship with his gf, tension between Valentina and Yasamin)
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yes please I need that
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like Chase and Miranda's chemistry is super compelling and I'm excited to see where it goes 

I love the friendly banter between Valentina, Kazu, and Cammie. It's well written and gives us imsoght on their personalities 

Chase is a hella interesting main character with good lines while, so far, not being a stereotypical "main character". Like yeah he was the first to gen:LOCK but like, he is pretty interesting and it's only been 3 episodes.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Blonde has an adorable accent.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I like the aircraft designs, props to them. Audio is kinda annoying, and the plot just kinda appeared. Like Independence Day had a tv sequel.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): David Tennant best character. He’s settling into the role quickly.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Inb4 the robots are powered by dead moms~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~glad they did fight choreography for these fist fights~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Im hoping that what looks like moral clarity in the first episodes (good guys vs evil guys) gains shades of grey. We know Valentina is from the Union, so they must be more than impersonal killers. And that poster in NY suggested that the  "good guys" might have a totalitarian edge
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yup. They need a lot of build up to the enemy faction to make me want them to die. To repeat an issue with RWBY, they need personal stakes.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The characters have pretty key tropes to them (Kazu and Cammie being biggest offenders) but hopefully they can develop them beyond the trope.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Imb4 the first season is all ~~magic huntsman~~ military high school though.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That trope is abused.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I think a problem with mecha anime (cause oh my god it’s mecha anime) in general is a disconnect between the people and the robots. You stop caring about the humans that are driving the machines to battle on focus on the battling robots themselves. Defeating ~~voltron~~ the enemy robot doesn’t end the war, it just eliminates an advantage from the other side.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hopefully they can avoid that, but given humans have like 15% less frames than the mechs...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh and calling it they have a timer on download that they can’t go past or they become the machine.
Mark (Mad Doctor): The Ultraman rule
