Evie (Katheryne Knight): I've seen them before
Evie (Katheryne Knight): RWBY Chapter 11 - Blake confronts Adam: https://youtu.be/URkKZAfyLDE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): very important: adam naruto running while trying to be intimidating
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hnnnnggg i'm excited
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He's that weeb at every con that's like "Hey where's MY hug?"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Faunus No Justsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): OMG HES THE WHERES MY HUG GUY
Georgia (Something Sensible): TOO REAL
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Even his voice sounds like it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao
Jess (whoozica): u so right
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Blake's gonna least him right into bumblebees front tire
Georgia (Something Sensible): Blake’s become a better fighter
Georgia (Something Sensible): And tbh it looks like Adams gotten messier
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean he is losing his mind
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's cause he's letting his emotions and revenge get in the way while Blake finally has a grasp on her emotions and herself
Evie (Katheryne Knight): She's reached her resolve I feel and I'm PROUD OF HER
Jess (whoozica): how could blake do this to him?!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's that Eric Andre meme of Adams face on Eric and Blake being the dude in the chair and him being like "HOw COulD BlAke BETrAY mE?!"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Gee
I WO NDER W H Y
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You PIECE OF GARBAGE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YOI SERIOUS PIECE OF LIVING FECAL MATTER
Erik (Red Riot Thot): aN ACTUAL PIECE OF BULL SHIT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SERIOUSLU
Anna (Cadmium): guys i am worried.
Anna (Cadmium): isnt the season finale on the 26th
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OnO
Yes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): We got this weekend and then two more episodes
Anna (Cadmium): we got. three eps left. oh no
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And then the hiatus until next year -__-
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's gonna murder me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I barely survived the last one
Jess (whoozica): damn that went fast
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEAH it feels like yesterday I was in the theaters for the premier
Anna (Cadmium): is ok we just gotta throw ourselves into genlock
Anna (Cadmium): but still this one gonna hurt
Anna (Cadmium): this one gonna hurt more htan last hiatus
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP. That's gonna fill the void for me
Anna (Cadmium): genlock, and starbucks lattes. 
Might. fill the void
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And conventions
Anna (Cadmium): *looks at con list* mmhmmm.....
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I'm gonna have enough time off for Otakon AND CCE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Just barely
Anna (Cadmium): i may. have accidentally said yes to two cons on the same weekend
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And then 5 extras for sick time
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
Anna (Cadmium): ones a retro gaming convention. One is liberty City anime conventiojn
Anna (Cadmium): ones in times square lmao. Im like. debating that one first just to prance around times square looking better than the weird sesame street tourist trap things
Jess (whoozica): kids will wanna take pics with you and then dont charge them and the parents will be like "omg thank u i own u my life"
Anna (Cadmium): i also just love cosplay in NYC cause no one judges you its just like. well thats a thing
Anna (Cadmium): i kinda do feel bad for wearing yang though because im like a walking spoiler if you didnt get to the fall of beacon
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh myea same
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Well RIP them for not watching past season 3 XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ i second that too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): though i dont thinkkurtis managed to get anything spoiled, he just finished 3 last night
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and was SHOOK
Jess (whoozica): YEA i was so surprised he didnt get spoiled
Jess (whoozica): he messages us in much pain
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): he sent me a pic of his face after penny
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i really thought he wouldve gotten spoiled after spending time with BNE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but no
Anna (Cadmium): how
Anna (Cadmium): how did he not. get spoiled
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Kurtis is.... special.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i literally have no idea
Jess (whoozica): selective hearing
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Season 3 finale came out during Katsu that year and I some how didn't get spoiled
Anna (Cadmium): selective listening?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): bill we were talking about it right in front of him on saturday
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Mmmmhm. Very special.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): a quality member of BNE
Anna (Cadmium): ignorance is bliss until you get to the part where penny dies
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh mood
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP
Anna (Cadmium): or rather. 
Until Pyrrha makes change for a penny
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I almost didn't go to class the next day I was so shook at her death
Anna (Cadmium): at least these days ppl can just be. "omg, *click next episode*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was behind on season 3 when it came out for a bit. My SO at the time kept nagging at me to catch up cause of what happened. When I finally did I called him bawling over their deaths. I was like what the actual fuuuccckkk
Anna (Cadmium): instead of wAITING A WEEK
Anna (Cadmium): Fucking Mag was like forcing me to watch it quickly so she could rant and like she binged it super fast in 2017 but i had to catch up and then it was just incoherent screaming into the phone when i finished that season
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I was so upset cause I love her
Jess (whoozica): i barely remember season 3 i feel like i watched it 10 yrs ago
Anna (Cadmium): RT killed both of my favorite characters in the same season like
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Saaammeee
Jess (whoozica): i have absolute shit memory when it come to shows, movies, games or books 😭
Anna (Cadmium): i mean it doesnt help that when u binge the series all the events blur together
Jess (whoozica): like i can legit watch something again after 5 years and not remeebr half
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I remember only the painful stuff. Very little of anything else lol. I need to rewatch at some point
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't remember when I first watched 3. Can't remember if it was a binge or episodic.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The hiatus between 3 and 4 was when I got into a RWBY play by post rp and really locked in my obessive nature tho.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Don't... think, it was sparked by the end of 3.
Anna (Cadmium): Ill be honest. I saw the last season's preview before i had actually caught up to it
Anna (Cadmium): in MSG
Anna (Cadmium): i was highly confused at some questions ppl were asking
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I watched the first 2 seasons of RWBY and I think it was like *very shortly* before Vol 3 began but I never kept up with it because school was kicking my ass for a bit and I didn't get back into it until summer 2017 in the lull between Vol 4 and 5 and I'm pretty sure I saw stuff on Facebook about Pyrrha dying.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~probably a meme Gen shared at the time~~
Jess (whoozica): ~~whats msg?~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): madison square garden?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): maybe
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nycc?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Monosodium glutamate
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): erik right
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fuck what i said
Jess (whoozica): lmao thats all i can think
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Anna was basking in monosodium glutamate
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~it's good for the skin~~
Jess (whoozica): and it showed her rwby previews amazing
Anna (Cadmium): lmao sorry one of the engineers came to tell me something> 
Madison Square Garden
Jess (whoozica): ok yea that makes more sense
Anna (Cadmium): or as Arryn questioned. Why is it madison square garden its round and theres no gardens
Anna (Cadmium): nycc has their biggest panels at MSG these days i guess for more capacity
Georgia (Something Sensible): Wait when this season ends we wait til 2020?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Really?
Matt (mattmyers25): I dont think so. Between vol 3 and 4, they switched animation programs
Matt (mattmyers25): The delay between the two seasons was to get use to new software
Anna (Cadmium): idts i think we just wait till october
Anna (Cadmium): aka: I think we would riot if they made us wait till 2020
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~maybe next year we get winter outfits~~
Anna (Cadmium): ~~maybe they make it to atlas and actually get winter outfits bc its even colder there~~
Anna (Cadmium): all i can say is. i am incredibly afraid of qrow dying
Anna (Cadmium): and if they kill him off im calling out sick on monday
Anna (Cadmium): for a mental health day
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You know what'll solve that?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Alcohol*.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): what?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): No one's a fan of *grimm humor?*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SAME <@289944569410224129> FUCKIN SAME
Anna (Cadmium): *Pyrrha laughing alone with salad*
Anna (Cadmium): like the old meme
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://giphy.com/gifs/boo-thumbs-down-dislike-WrxoaVPiq0cG4
Anna (Cadmium): but pyrrha
Anna (Cadmium): <@!229713389511901185> but like actually i am (unfortunately bc content be lacking) a huge ironqrow shipper and if. Qrow dies before they can all get to atlas
Anna (Cadmium): imma fucking drive to austin and cry on RT's studio steps
Anna (Cadmium): i need him to have a getting clean arc. Please. RT pls dont kill off qrow
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I feel with his alcoholism playing a significant role in his behavior this season, I could honestly see them using that to build up to either a getting clean arc or his death...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~and Taiyang can't finish STRQ bingo if Qrow dies~~
Anna (Cadmium): whos to say taiyang didnt already finish STRQ bingo
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...speaking of taiyang
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): why the fuck did we have that after credit scene
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): of him tending to sunflowers
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im still confused
Anna (Cadmium): .....i think i missed that after credits scene
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It was a specific 'fuck you' written for Erik.
Anna (Cadmium): WHY HAVENT WE GOTTEN ANY FOLLOW UP FOR HIM AND RAVEN
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what was the point of that scene if he didnt show up in vol 6 as of yet
Anna (Cadmium): BRUH THAT WAS LAST SEASON FINALE  THAT TEASER
i think
Anna (Cadmium): i think it means something else is gonna happen
Anna (Cadmium): WHAT IF TAIYANG DIES
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Right? Like hello are we ever going to get context of what's happening with that scene??
Anna (Cadmium): NONE OF US EXPECT IT WHAT IF HE DIES
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Doubtful but oof
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): RT: *If it's not related to maidens and homegoods items of power, it gets scrapped*
Jess (whoozica): He's in court battling for back due child support payments
Anna (Cadmium): i mean. i feel someone is gonna approach Tai and thats why we got the scene
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I've been waiting all fucking season for that scene because usually, but not always, that post credits scene after the season finale is a scene from the following season...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA, where the fuck is tai
Anna (Cadmium): but no its bait and we are all fishes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Could always be a hint that Tyrian is goin to go pay little red's family a visit.
Anna (Cadmium): ........Wait you might be onto it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~please no i hate tyrion~~
Anna (Cadmium): isnt some dude floating in the intro scene
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea thats one of ozpins incarnations
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Same. Tyrion highkey irritates me lol. I just want him gggooonnneee
Anna (Cadmium): ugh im just. Tyrian and Watts are going somewhere to do something and im worried
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Watts is going to Atlas iirc.
Anna (Cadmium): Tyrian creeps me out in like an extradimensional way
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yo does anyone know what the fuck watts is
Anna (Cadmium): yes but. what are they going to do there
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is he an engineer
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what the fuck is he
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): why is he there
Anna (Cadmium): idk probs an engineer or just a rich asshole
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He's the token "evil mustache person".
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): check that off the requirements
Georgia (Something Sensible): Didn’t we never get an explanation for that after credits scene where yang sees raven?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we sort of did
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): she told yang that shes been keeping an eye on her
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or rather, YANG pointed it out
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that she knew that she knew she lost her arm
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ok I retract my previous statement. I think Vol 4 post credits scene was the only one to show up in the following season
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ,... ~~*which was...*~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Qrow and Oscar meeting in the bar
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ooooh yeah.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but yeah looking back at the vol 2 post credits scene, that didn't really go anywhere. Raven tells Yang they have a lot to talk about and then they meet up in Vol 5 as if for the first time...
Mark (Mad Doctor): Maybe Taiyang is going to ride to the rescue at some point. "Your mother asked me to keep an eye on you." Would say a lot about both parents
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I still think Taiyang is one of Oz's trusted people. He just retired to take care of the kids.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): >.> "take care of the kids"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): more like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): summer died and he was a wreck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and oz was like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "oof, yikes"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "stay home, recover"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): he does have a way with words.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also true.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I still think it would be interesting if this season Qrow leaves the kiddo group and goes back to Patch and meets up with Tai and Raven. They discuss the situation going on, maybe visit the gravestone of Summer, discuss "what she would do in a time like this", and then go back to being a team and help out
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Wtf happened to STRQ is such a toss up. I still subscribe to Qrow being Ruby's dad.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~same~~ even if they said he isnt.......
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i can't unsee it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): you can read the 'I cosplay Taiyang and want him to be relevant' in between the lines there bud.
Mark (Mad Doctor): That would be awesome, Erik.  Kids need to take the lead now, but an adult side plot would be fantastic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~literally just give us strq backstory~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): STRQ spin off
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): even if its not them currently
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like a flashback
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Team _TRQ fights the side villains to clear a path for the kids to find the relics*
Mark (Mad Doctor): Now as far as I know, Taiyang does not know where the kids are. Did Raven know they were going to Atlas?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): she knew they were meeting up with qrow
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and we know her and qrow talk sometimes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so idk if she knows
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but she has a better chance of knowing
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): All Taiyang needs is to find Raven. Raven can warp to Qrow.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Raven can portal to Qrow and/or Yang*
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah, I'd like another Qrow/Raven scene. A lot has happened since the last one
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also raven can boop over to either Yang or Qrow or tai
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ninja'd to all of you.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Raven could be pretty instrumental in coordinating between kids and adults
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~does she deserve that redemption though~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IDK MAYBEEE if they gave us some... BACKSTORY
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't think she really deserves a redemption, but could at least be a useful resource to the plot
Erik (Red Riot Thot): BUT I JUST WANT BACKSTORY
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~look they just figured out character development don't pressure them~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): -under pressure eerily plays-
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~even just to know what Summer looks like completely and what her and Tai's weapons and semblances were~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean raven *is* a maiden so she's bound to comeback at some point. As for other strq idk... but would be cool if they wrapped them more into the show somehow and we find out more
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we have to learn about them at some point
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because clearly theyre keeping summer a secret for a reason
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shes gonna be a huge plot point
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and to learn about summer we have to learn about strq
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): RIP the theories Salem is Summer.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Raven will probably get a half-asses "redemption" by sacrificing herself to save Yang, die, and pass the maiden powers onto her
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): lol tbh yea
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Please no
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I pray they aren't cliche enough to make the members of rwby the maidens. ~~and... ozpin's children?~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yang: "Goddammit mom! I didn't want these stupid fucking powers!"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *If you're a maiden to you have to call Ozpin Daddy?*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theyve already set her up for it tbh
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I hope not eithwr. Ruby already has main character powers she doesn't need that on top of maiden powers
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *discord trying to hide the fact*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): with her grabbing the relic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and raven being like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "are you sure you want to do that"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "no not really but im going to anyway"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also to go will your daddy statement, the only oz that can accurately be called daddy i starbucks oz
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ozma?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Bryan
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I mean Ozma and Salem boned.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~*Daddys don't kill their kids in a domestic dispute*~~
Anna (Cadmium): <@!387456543421104150>  what did you have on your balloon again
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://66.media.tumblr.com/56850c89fe954fd0853d64adcc8e0cc4/tumblr_pkh1oisw6u1qhly1ko6_r1_1280.png
Anna (Cadmium): oh hello lore
Anna (Cadmium): thank u for explanation of the gears
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's all headcanon unfortunately
Erik (Red Riot Thot): BUT REALLY CLEVER AND GOOD HEADCANON
Erik (Red Riot Thot): http://littlemisssquiggles.tumblr.com/post/181505143784/i-made-this-little-kind-of-infographic-wizard
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): most of it believable, asides from the silver eyed warriors.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Norman *Schnee* the Inquisitor.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The basis for the silver eye headcanon
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Not much behind it other than the actual color of their eyes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~the one of the left is actually Maria~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is it just me or do they kinda look like maria
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh shit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~that was supposed to be a bit~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but she would have mentioned something after seeing Jinn's story
Erik (Red Riot Thot): "Oh hey, that was my father..."
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~"Daddy?!"~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): true
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): unless one of the kids is her dad
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yang: "OOOOH fuck no, he may seem old but Oscar don't deserve this"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who knows
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): need more backstory
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The other incarnations are honestly probably irrelevant now
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): yup.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Except for cosplans~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): We got the Oz backstory we needed and now just focus on Oscar becoming his own person
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~or Ozpin~~
Anna (Cadmium): m like hoping that oscar can break the cycle
Mark (Mad Doctor): I kinda miss Ozpin. Hope he comes out of Oscar's subconscious soon
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *He better come out with a plan*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): @oscar, please yeet ozpin out
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't miss chessmaster Ozpin. The guy is fun, but I'm all for "Ruby and Jaune's Excellent Adventure"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what if oscar just like... sneezes really hard
Mark (Mad Doctor): I wanna see Ruby put it in his place, like she did w Qrow
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *and what, has a baby Ozpin*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Booger!Ozpin
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ok, now I have a image of baby demogorgon from stranger things in my head
