Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was thinking about the episode some more and even Adam knew they are couple material. "What does she (or he) even see in you?" is usually something an ex says lol
Jess (whoozica): Oh yea for sure
Jess (whoozica): Its jealousy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 100%
Jess (whoozica): When he said that I was like "nice ass tiddy that's what"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao you right
Mark (Mad Doctor): Audrey and I shouted "A vagina!" almost in unison. I'm so proud of her
Rebecca (madameterralupus): She's not an abusive asshole
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's a lot of perk points there lol
Jess (whoozica): Wow Blake has such high standards
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Jess (whoozica): You're Tumblr famous now
Mark (Mad Doctor): Given the backlash to the Gilette ad, it seems like there's a lot of guys who need to learn Adams lesson
Jess (whoozica): Yea seriously
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Oh I don't think anyone brought this up, but can we appreciate how much genuine concern Qrow showed for Ruby's well-being?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yesss
Jess (whoozica): Yaas
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *because he sees Summer in her and doesn't want her to suffer the same fate*
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I was just about to bring that up.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Finally not being drunk for once in what seems forever and being good. Caring about his little niece ❤
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): He made a face that made me think, "Oh no he's having Summer flash backs."
Mark (Mad Doctor): I love that he's being a good uncle, but he seems so impotent in the last two seasons. He's passing the torch to the next generation, but he's not ready to give up the spotlight
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): He’s kinda blah yeah. Drunk would explain it, but they’ve also kinda nerfed him.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also he’s incredibly extra to jump off the cliff, transform, and fly back over the cliff side to Ruby.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *-waits impatiently for STRQ backstory-*
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I'm still dead we haven't gotten to the Tai and Raven talk that was teased in the volume 5 finale. Stop torturing us RT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): AGREED
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why did she go to hiiimmmmm
Mark (Mad Doctor): Either he's going to die, or he's going to fully step aside, possibly passing out of the story
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I don't think Qrow will die/go away until after Atlas. They still connection to get around Atlas, and the only one who has that is Qrow. Well Weiss did but she's not exactly on good terms with them anymore.
Mark (Mad Doctor): And the fandom will riot if we don't get a good Qrow/Winter interaction
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Did you mean: Gen?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 😛
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hey now
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I feel called out
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~you right, I'd be right there with you~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Arryns stream destroyed me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I didnt know I needed more validation but then I received it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And now I'm crying about bees again
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): RIP me
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://66.media.tumblr.com/3341bedf497b80236f58e27821bf339b/tumblr_pli91qo4pX1sn1lw5_1280.jpg
Georgia (Something Sensible): leanna is this you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Tom (tomukuncosplay): LMAO OMG
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I love that screen shot
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Wat...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BLOCKED
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok no but actually what
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm replying with this
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Never mind. Can't reply with images
Anna (Cadmium): He used a lot of words. Statistically speaking some of them should have been good but no.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Anna (Cadmium): Like wow her PTSD isn't her only character trait???? She's overcoming it ? Does her toned down enthusiasm not make you see how her experiences have dulled her spark 
~~ppl are just oblivious I swear. 'its forced' have you not noticed anything in this series like.~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): i thought the shaku hand was the nod at the PTSD too anyways
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Same
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): People only see what they want to see
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And ignore everything else
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like it shook last episode and Blake grabbed her hand and she found comfort and stopped.  Her hand shook again today when Adam asked if she thought she was faster than at Beacon
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It shook AND she lost her focus
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And he noticed, and she pushed herself to not let it hinder her
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's growth
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Was anyone as big into RWBY as we are now  pre v3?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Nope
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nope
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I've been like this since the trailers dropped 😂 😂
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I was. 
I fell off it for a bit after the beginning of Volume 2, but after Katsucon 2017 I caught up again and fell back in love.

And here I am.
Jamie (Jamie): Shit <@169297844874903552> when did i start watching i know your the reason i did telling me look past the first couple seasons animation mehness
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have noooo clue. I know it was post vol 3's release.
Jamie (Jamie): Oh def
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I watched the first 2 seasons before v3 started but I wasn't as into it as I am now
Mark (Mad Doctor): Started at end of vol. 3.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I was insanely hype when the trailers started pumping out cuz I already liked Monty's content prior to rwby. After like half of season 1 I died off because I didn't like the plot. 
Eventually I caught up to the end of 1 and dropped the series til season 3 ended. Caught up to that and I was much more into it 🙏
Jess (whoozica): I watched since the begining since tom was like "the haloid guy is making a series about bad ass girls" and I was like 😮 each season I watch, get pretty into it and then my interest drops until the next season. Def more into it now I'd say tho
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): it was the ending of 2016 for me but my bf was obsessed with it the day the Red trailer was uploaded XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So Yang and Adam's semblances are very similar. Let's say they both dish out damage twice as hard. So the energy Yang put out when Blush did the little propeller trick stored twice that. When Adam dished it back, Yang absorbed it and doubled it, thus quadrupling the initial energy.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Resulting in him getting hit so hard he puts a crater into a rocky cliff
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lock screen update 👌🏻
