Tumblr: posted this at January 11, 2019 at 08:57PM: https://n7brendan.tumblr.com/post/181938589246
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I. AM. SCREAMING.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): AHHHHH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Bees are canon
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm dead
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm dead
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm dead
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My dad kept giving me weird looks cause I was screaming and shouting things in both anger and excitement XDD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also yes: BEES
Rebecca (madameterralupus): As soon as they grabbed hands I was like ooohhh Leanna probably going nuts X
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): See Erik's insta story
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🐝 🐝 🐝
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh boy... what did he post XD now i gotta go look
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A perf reaction XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay but like also: Fucking FINALLY we see whats under Adam's mask
Matt (mattmyers25): Bees
Matt (mattmyers25): Leanna is dead
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Nora here like gimme my mans back 
Bees here like she protecc she attacc but she also got my back
Jess (whoozica): Yang Yeeting her motorcycle into Adam was pure art
Jess (whoozica): I ship Rencrow now
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My bird husband is back and fighting and being there for the team and aaaaaa yes 
NORA SCREAMING TO GIVE BACK HER MAN AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH 
FUCKING YANG YEETING THE BIKE Y E S
Adam has a brand that says SDC which means the Schnee Dust Company caught and branded him. Major oof.
Jess (whoozica): Oooo thank you for that context I couldn't read it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah that made me go like "o o f. I don't feel bad for Adam but oof"
Jess (whoozica): Good episode much feels. Ruby was adorable too.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I live for that scene of Ren and Qrow looking down at the camera shooting entirely straight faced.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SAME
Evie (Katheryne Knight): omGGGGGGGG
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): How about no because Adam isn't redeemable
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like no
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Zuko and Todoroki had good redemption arcs and weren't abusive asshats
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Adam not only is far beyond redemption, but he's a stalking, gaslighting, projecting, abusive incel
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like it kinda makes me sick that OP would compare Adam to those characters
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Any theories wht SOC stands for?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm going with Son Of a Cunt
Matt (mattmyers25): Sdc?
Matt (mattmyers25): Scheene dust company
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Its SDC for Schnee Dust Company
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But we can still call him a Son Of a Cunt XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh that makes more sense
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But also he has no right to have such beautiful eyes. Fuck him
Evie (Katheryne Knight): "I won't hesitate BITCH!"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): **Yang:** "He can dish out damage wothout feeling it? ~~What a bitch!~~ That's just cheap!"
Matt (mattmyers25): At least if yang just keeps punching him, they will be ok
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Rip Bumblebee your sacrifice will never be forgotten. It was worth it to btfo Adam and give Yang the dynamic entry she deserves
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Y'all sleeping on how cute this White Rose moment was though
Matt (mattmyers25): That was cute ngl
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nora calling Ren her man though too <:lenny:456549338026344489> 👌
Anna (Cadmium): HOLY FUCK THAT EP
Anna (Cadmium): I wonder. If they kept the motorcycle specifically in order to run him over a la Deadpool 
I had been begging for that and I called it
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): YESSS. I loved Nora getting defensive over Ren
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Bitch better not hurt her mans
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Damn right
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nora is me when someone fucks with my mans ~~(when I had one lol)~~
Matt (mattmyers25): Will big robot die next week? Stay tuned. Though, we have only 2 week left. Something big is going to happen
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ive never seen Pacific Rim but I was watching it today and I was like Pacific Rim?? XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): What a good episode I’m cryin in the club boys
Jess (whoozica): Oops o forgot to unmute
Matt (mattmyers25): Rip
Jess (whoozica): Also rens panic when Nora and jaune went down 👌👌👌
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I kept thinking Shadow of the Colossus music while watching this ep
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Especially when Ren was hanging off the mech
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Gotta stay the OBVIOUS WEAK POINT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *stab
Tom (tomukuncosplay): The fucking shield generator be like 
Shoot here to kill robot 🤖 <:fingerguns:453385855470534657> <:fingerguns:453385855470534657> <:fingerguns:453385855470534657> <:fingerguns:453385855470534657> <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Evie (Katheryne Knight): GET UP ON THE HYDRAS BACK
