Jess (whoozica): Happy Hanukkah to anyone who celebrates it!
Marisa (Weeb): תודה
Erik (Red Riot Thot): @everyone who cosplays multiple RWBY characters. Do you have a favorite or a preference? This is for science OwO
ZombieHunter: Blek over Ren and Qrow
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oh yes, definitely.
ZombieHunter: .-.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Pyrrha over Weiss and Yang and Jaune lol
ZombieHunter: No doubt about it
Georgia (Something Sensible): do you erik?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like a favorite character I cosplay?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ye
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Shit this is hard XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): mine's probably Taiyang
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): orly.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Qrow or Jacques
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *shocker, I know, right?*
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i like ruby, whitley, neon, and neo the most, Almost in that order?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh. Never seen your Neo Rei.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: like, i like ruby personality wise the most but i hate Most of the canon outfits i have for her bc theyre either in need of hella remaking or are too hot to wear to anything but katsucon/in the winter
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i havent actually done any canon neo outfits as of yet ~~bc im broke~~ but being neo is fun
i havent done her recently bc of not having the outfit/s, and bc my wig either needs to be combed out to hell and back or i just need a new one
you want fucking rwby chibi?: lemme see if i can find any old pics on fb
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): See I want to say Raven cause I wear her the most and I do feel good/confident in her outfit but oof I am getting so tired of wearing her XD ~~Also I love her chara and her design but she's not a mega fave lol~~

I guess my order goes:
Raven
Blake
Sun
Weiss ~~(costest came out good will see when do full outfit)~~
Pyrrha
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Order may change when I start wearing Blake more and outfit comes in XD
you want fucking rwby chibi?: (this was katsu 2016 iirc)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Your Neo is so cute!! 😄
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ^-^
you want fucking rwby chibi?: tyyy
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oh nice Rei!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Gotta do more Neo.
Mak (hollyjollymak): Vernal takes priority over Glynda, mostly for the wig, but also for what Vernal represents for me: a lot of independence, a great character arc, a female character who didn’t rely on a man (or even... talk to a man? God #goals) and a really fuckin cool outfit
Also an outfit that I made mostly! And by myself! Yah!
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i gottaaaaa. i just, need the money so i can get her outfit, and ive been meaning to remake the umbrella since i made it aha
snow ( karma chameleon ): Ruby’s my absolute fave!
Mak (hollyjollymak): Rei you absolutely kill it as Neo!
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i had to bleach out a lot of it and instead of using dye remover i used actually watered-down bleach so its like. kinda falling apart
you want fucking rwby chibi?: \:D
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Definatly Pyrrha over Blake and Neptune
Lissy (khalissycosplays): Yang is my favorite hands down
Lissy (khalissycosplays): But velvet and sun are pretty fun for different reasons
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I like Kali and Yang equally pretty much. But I definitely want to redo parts of Kali's outfit. And tbh I feel more special as Kali sometimes? Mainly because I'm usually the only one at meetups, lol.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yang for me, obviously
Halim (Greg) (jake): Pyrrha, Tai, Oz, Jaune, Sun
Halim (Greg) (jake): With the slight caveat that this isnt the order of how I felt about the costumes themselves
Halim (Greg) (jake): Cause I am not satisfied with male pyrrha
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Do you have any particular preference for any of the others OwO
Halim (Greg) (jake): Extrapolating will happen after I get off cause I'm on a 10 and gotta poof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol Erik what're you up to that you're asking us this? 🤔
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There better be a graph.
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I prefer my Zwei cosplay over Salem tbh
