Georgia (Something Sensible): I was like .2 seconds from sleeping before I had this idea so it’s not fleshed out at all but like No Shave November got me thinking
Georgia (Something Sensible): It would be cool if BNE did some kinda charity thing at some point, idk how many people are on board but between the ~~20 million~~ at least 20 of us, we have a pretty big audience, so if we picked a cause we could really throw some weight behind it
Marisa (Weeb): CAN TOWN CAN TOWN
Marisa (Weeb): HOMESTUCK CAN TOWN
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like <@!334090409389195266> we should team up with Casey and some others and maybe sell Bumblebee prints where all the proceeds go to “Save the Bees”?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Or something like that
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): careful with the save the bees cause
Marisa (Weeb): Can towns are perfect for thanksgiving
Georgia (Something Sensible): ^^^ can towns are hard cause those donations are largely physical
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): honeybees (which are what people are 'saving') aren't endangered anymore (i think) and are actually an invasive species that are cause native american bees to dies out
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ah good catch
Marisa (Weeb): Truu ~~but homestuck~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah idk it’s not fleshed out (I’m tired) but my inner humanitarian had the idea
Georgia (Something Sensible): 4100 people follow me so like, gotta use that power for GOOD not EVIL
Georgia (Something Sensible): we can all kick around some ideas if people really wanna do it
Georgia (Something Sensible): THUS I SLEEP goodnight you late night owls
Marisa (Weeb): It’s a good idea. If you ever want to expand it into a whole thing lemme know I have connections. Years of Girl Scouts and charity fundraising. Can get you a table in front of a supermarket and whatnot.
Marisa (Weeb): Oyasumi have pleasant charitable dreams
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~Shoulda had y'all join me for the suicide prevention walk~~
Marisa (Weeb): How do walks work? I know they’ve been getting super popular for charity. And something about sponsorships.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My friends and I just kind of do it for fun (not sure that's the best way to put it). Like I think you *can* try to get sponsorships and whatnot, but my friends I do it with we just have a team set up through the organization hosting it and people can join your team and donate and whatnot. We don't really do any serious fundraising. But whatever we raise gets donated to the organization and at the walk you meet up, there's usually a lot of events and speakers and different vendors raising awareness, then you literally just walk the designated route, come back and your done.
Marisa (Weeb): Ooo so it’s just regular fundraising but with a walk for publicity/getting the word out? :0
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ye
Marisa (Weeb): Oooo thank you Slendy I have Learned
Mark (Mad Doctor): I have a friend/former student who is an entomologist who specializes in bees. I can ask her about bee-related causes
Marisa (Weeb): Beelated causes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Needs to something like Lesbeeans beeattle to protect the bees.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ok, so apparently there's a difference between non-native species and invasive species. Honeybees fall into the former category as they are no longer a threat to native species and in the 500+ years they have been in the area many native species have come to depend on them.  Still waiting to hear whether hive collapse is still a cause of concern.
