Anna (Blonde Banshee): i have discovered this item??? https://www.undercovercolors.com/
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh yee I saw about that on twitter
Anna (Blonde Banshee): im considering getting some just for friends and safety
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): couldve used one at katsu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> Did something happen at katsu??
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean after the whole "drink this mystery drink from my flask or i wont leave"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i wasnt comfy even drinking my water bottle
Anna (Blonde Banshee): someone got drugged i know that. i think it turned out to be someone i knew and at least they were all together
Anna (Blonde Banshee): like at a bar later saturday i think
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh truuee. I forgot you said that happened.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fucking yikes
Anna (Blonde Banshee): YEAH FUCKING YIKES
Anna (Blonde Banshee): mystery flask dude like no
Rebecca (madameterralupus): This is why I don't accept food or beverages from people I'm not close friends with. I don't trust people lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im extremely wary of DJ now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cause that was a hard yikes situation
Anna (Blonde Banshee): as one should be after that experience. anyways im boutta buy a 5pk of these chips
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like years ago at a gathering some dude was passing out cupcakes and I was like nahhh worried what would be in them and my SO at the tme grabs one and like inhales it... I was like I swear to god what if there was shit in there that could kill you or was to drug you!? D:
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~the cupcakes were fine but I still worry cause some people at cons can be V worry some~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Half the reason i.didmt bring cookies.to.Katsu like planned is I didn't want people to get the wrong idea
Anna (Blonde Banshee): yeah like its one thing for it to be like. "Hey im bringing cookies" and its like a new package of oreos unopened.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): or like its someone everyone knows
Anna (Blonde Banshee): so thats also like why i skipped snacks and brought kandi beads
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee pre-packaged stuff to me is sometimes okay but like baked stuff I'm like mhmmm ya could have put something in there and I ain't trying to get drugged tonight XD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): cause the ratio of ppl i know to ppl i didnt know was HIGH
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just love making cookies but I'm also don't want to give off the wrong impression
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause that's the last thing I need XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Make some cookies for the next time all of us get together. We'll gladly accept them and we know you won't drug us 😛
Rebecca (madameterralupus): lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): yea like. casey's cookie parties are different
Anna (Blonde Banshee): yes we need cookie party for bne
Anna (Blonde Banshee): or just. bne bakes
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~THOSE WHO CANNOT COOK ARE NOT ALLOWED TO WE ARENT BURNING DOWN A KITCHEN~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think that's the only time I actually ate a baked by the person food that was pre-wrapped at an event. Cause I knew she wouldn't be putting some weird shit in them lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): That livestream we were talking about has an intermission cooking show where i make chocolate chip cookies in cosplay. Or pie. Does everyone like pie?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yes. Baking intermission
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): no pie
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fuck pie
Anna (Blonde Banshee): no pumpkin pie?????
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cookies are where its at
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *BOTH*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A cookie pie?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): acceptable
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌
Anna (Blonde Banshee): U CAN PRY MY GRANDMOTHERS PUMPKIN PIE FROM MY COLD DEAD HANDS
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why not pie though? <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it mush
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Its fine ill just make quiche
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): texture basd
Rebecca (madameterralupus): it good mush lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ok i make u a non mush food
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): bless
Anna (Blonde Banshee): so no quiche then either ?
Mark (Mad Doctor): The only event I ever organized was a RWBY cookie party at Zenkai three years ago. We baked our own (we're a "from scratch" family, tyvm) but I think the fact that i was accountable as an organizer cut down the yikes factor.

And pie is awesome
Rebecca (madameterralupus): quiche is eh...
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i am also a from scratch person
Anna (Blonde Banshee): WAIT CRAP IS ANYONE ALLERGIC TO ANYTHING I REALIZE I HAVE NEVER EVER ASKED THIS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): snow is allergic to peanuts i think? but she only comes to certain events
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but thats something to be aware of
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ye she allergic to them nuts but doesnt come to every event
Georgia (Something Sensible): that makes it 10 times funnier that i got her a nut button for christmas then
Anna (Blonde Banshee): OK  I AM MAKING NOTE OF ALLERGIES i dont wanna send someone into shock. 
On that note. I *cannot* eat jalapenos and am lactose intolerant but one of those is easily fixed by supplying enzyme.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I thankfully am not allergic to food just certain meds lol~~
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~NO TELL ME THOSE TOO WHAT IF U GO TO THE ER OR SOMETHING~~
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Like important ones. Like can i give u ibuprofen or should i give u acetaminophen or
~~i was risk management for THREE YEARS in my sorority and worked safety for two~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Ibuprofen lol. So I cant take most headache meds. Also cant swallow pill cause am a baby lol~~
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i will cover it in cookie dough n feed to u
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao yes treat me like my doggo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yum
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I also always laugh cause friends offer my ibuprofen at cons when I dont feel good and I just look at them and go nahhh I'm good. I'd rather not die XD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i usually carry both i wish i was kidding
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh for future reference, excedrin has no ibuprofen in it, so if you ever DO need headache meds hit me up
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i also have a sensitivity to ibuprofen
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so i only carry meds without it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Noted! Usually I got some of what I take on me though since I suffer from headaches a lot XD ~childrens tylenol ayyy~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i wont die if i take it tho so not as extreme
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Idk if I'll die but it's not a good reaction? Like my throat gets scratchy and feels like its closing <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): big yikes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i just get nauseous
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we protecc you
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i always got cold meds on me and those are acetaminophen 
also one (1) theraflu packet
Anna (Blonde Banshee): so liquid ibuprofen
Anna (Blonde Banshee): but dont feed me jalapenos ill throw up. idk why.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): noted
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Noted. But who likes jalapenos anyways lol. No bueno
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i like spicy lmao.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~accurate for a yang cosplayer lol~~
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i gotta stick with red hot sauces ;-;
Anna (Blonde Banshee): listen i went to a school that was like 40% asian you learn to eat spicy food
Anna (Blonde Banshee): between indian food, chinese, korean, and japanese..... and vietnamese
Marisa (Mawisa): im allergic to strawberry poptarts but strawberries and poptarts are fine
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ???????????????????
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Valid lol. I have family that lives in the south/a southern mom so I feel that. They like the spice
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol marisa.. WAT?!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That... nani?! How
Marisa (Mawisa): trial and error shows that i only get sick when eating the strawberry variety of poptarts
Marisa (Mawisa): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (Blonde Banshee): are you.... allergic to red food coloring?
Marisa (Mawisa): cursed fruity squares
I don't think so? i can eat cakes and snacks and cookies and fruit snacks and whatnot just fine
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Huh maybe it's something else in it that bothers your system...
Anna (Blonde Banshee): are you allergic to pears?
Marisa (Mawisa): nop
Marisa (Mawisa): i inhaled like 5 boxes of fruit loops during zenkai and google says that has red dye so probably not the dye
Marisa (Mawisa): i don't like pears but i can eat 'em
Anna (Blonde Banshee): hm.. weird
Marisa (Mawisa): strawberry poptarts are just cursed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Seems so 😮
Anna (Blonde Banshee): no wonder i love them. 
so anyways any other allergies ppl or allergies to the legal drugs
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It says they have MSG. I know that bothers some people. Maybe that bothers you? But then aain that's in a lot of stuff
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I SAID LEGAL DRUGS
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah i can eat 80 pounds of chinese food
Marisa (Mawisa): ALL DRUGS ARE ILLEGAL
Anna (Blonde Banshee): PRESCRIPTION DRUGS ARE NOT ILLEGAL
Anna (Blonde Banshee): or if you're allergic to the devils lettuce
Bc my friend was and i had to keep certain stoners away from them
Marisa (Mawisa): THEY ARE IF YOU DON'T HAVE A PRESCRIPTION
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I'm allergic to all illegal drugs. Cause I'm a good girl XD~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~pft not really though LMAO~~
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i mean sometimes its not like u can help when walking down the street and then just WAM someone smells skunked
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh MSG could be it! Noah is MSG allergic so we can’t eat like anywhere
Marisa (Mawisa): you can call the police
Georgia (Something Sensible): MSG sensitivity is entirely possible
Anna (Blonde Banshee): it is
Anna (Blonde Banshee): my dad has it
Marisa (Mawisa): for the poptart thing?
Marisa (Mawisa): it's only strawberry poptarts i've ever had issue with, every other food is fine. some stuff like hayashi might upset my stomach if i eat too much but it's very edible, and by too much i mean like 3 platefuls.

does anyone have a latex allergy?
Jess (whoozica): a close friend of mine growing up did
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~my boy but its mild~~
Marisa (Mawisa): *pasquale no*
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~youre all extrapolating how we found that out arent you~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/agree-gif-5621711
Marisa (Mawisa): cosplay?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): hair dye?
Georgia (Something Sensible): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Jess (whoozica): SKYN condoms from lifestyles are non-latex not that much more than the latex ones, and dont smell. I recommend
Anna (Blonde Banshee): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~i second SKYN~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:lenny:456549338026344489> <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Do they have MAGNUM size for my MONSTER dong
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Anna (Blonde Banshee): the 'confirm' was from latex rubber gloves tho
Marisa (Mawisa): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (Blonde Banshee): please tell me u get why i egg reacted
Georgia (Something Sensible): Danny devites
Georgia (Something Sensible): He has the one quote bout the eggs
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Sure it was Anna <:lenny:456549338026344489> ~~
Anna (Blonde Banshee): HE USED TO WORK FOOD SERVICE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 🍆
Jess (whoozica): im glas it was not the other way that would have been v. sad
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~it was both~~
Jess (whoozica): NUUUU
Jess (whoozica): poor boy
Anna (Blonde Banshee): so anyways dont wear latex gloves n poke my boy
Jess (whoozica): i will not
Anna (Blonde Banshee): tom is allergic to cats right
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~i wont poke ya boy. That's for you to do ;)~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Why everyone’s mans got allergies up in here
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and dogs
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol do they?  O.o
Anna (Blonde Banshee): lack of dna via Y chromosome?
Anna (Blonde Banshee): rebecca we gotta find u a boy with no allergies
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I know Erik said he's kinda allergic to dogs. But do the other boys got alleries too? Damn XD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): oof sad allergy
Marisa (Mawisa): erik is allergic to dogs yet he actively sought out corgis when cosplaying taiyang 🤔
Jess (whoozica): ye tom allergic to dogs and cats and other wierd things that dont really mater
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lmao yes plz. Cause I straight up almost kicked a boy to the curb when he got tested for being allergic to both cats and dogs LMAO
Jess (whoozica): 😦
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO OH NO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lmao look Erik is a rebel okay. He said he's allergic to dogs spit let actively just let my dog lick his hand a bunch last zenkai XDD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ONE MUST SUFFER FOR THE FINER THINGS IN LIFE
Jess (whoozica): see that just proves how much i love tom
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): he let bumble do the same
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SO
Anna (Blonde Banshee): oh god what was erik like at ANYC this year with petcon
Jess (whoozica): he told me that before he came to my house the first time and i was like "fuck that sucks but hes really sweet and cute so i guess ill deal"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao see a rebel I tell ya XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "i guess i'll deal"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm not allergic to dogs
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I thought you said you were??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): At least their spit right??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~am confusion now~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just get itchy from their saliva but it goes away if I wash the area so like, it's literally the farthest thing from a big deal
Georgia (Something Sensible): Headcanon shot down
Erik (Red Riot Thot): which is why I kept saying "it's not a big deal" whenever you'd try to keep Langston away from me 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh 😮 Still a small reaction XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am sorry next time ya come over I'll yeet my dog to you. He give ya love XD
Jess (whoozica): sometimes tom pet dogs and they lick him and he breaks out but hes like "worth it"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I thought it was worse than that XD I hear I get itchy and I'm like ahh nuuu friends be safe, no reactions D:
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And omg Tomuuu. But yea mood. Deff worth it XD
Marisa (Mawisa): no baking dog saliva into food now y'hear
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao eww XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): I don’t trust people that actively hate dogs tbh
Georgia (Something Sensible): I get being a cat person but when people are like “I hate dogs” I’m like ..... yo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And then there's me when people hate any animals I'm like.. yo excuse XD
Jess (whoozica): the first time tom came to my house i though i was going to kill him
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was dog sitting with an ex boyf once and he was like “I won’t pet the dog because dogs are assholes”
Jess (whoozica): allergic to cats and dogs and asthmatic in a smoking household
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wow. wtf. I'd straight up dump him right then and there lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Georgia's story not your story Jess lmao
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I like dogs in the same way some people are with babies: when it's someone else's and I don't have to take care of it
Jess (whoozica): oh no i know XD lamo
Georgia (Something Sensible): MOOD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Valid
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Kids stress me out cause I never was around any until just the recent years so anytime I am left to deal with them I panic XD Hand me a dog or a cat to watch though I'm liek yo I got this
Georgia (Something Sensible): Noah walks his dog on campus and I’m like YAAAAS PUPPER
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😃 What kind of doggo does he have??
Jess (whoozica): big mood rebecca
Georgia (Something Sensible): She’s some kind of mutt Shepard shelter doggo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww
Georgia (Something Sensible): I gotta ask Noah to borrow her as my Dogmeat for a fallout shoot 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): awwwwww
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cosplay doggos
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😍 Eeee so cute
Georgia (Something Sensible): Dogs are gr8 I’m such a dog person
Georgia (Something Sensible): I can’t do the tsundere nature of cats
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I grew up with both soo XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also grew up with rabbits :3
Georgia (Something Sensible): I would mooch off my friends pets growing up
Georgia (Something Sensible): My best friend had 4 cats, a dog, 2 guinea pigs, a bird, a dozen fish, and a chinchilla
Georgia (Something Sensible): We gave them our hamster to watch one year and the oldest sister got drunk and dropped him
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> oh my gooddd. That poor hamster
Georgia (Something Sensible): And the mom called us to apologize for like 30 minutes saying that she’s so heartbroken because they’re such a pro pet household
Georgia (Something Sensible): HE SURVIVED
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Drop the drunk sister in return~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And oh shit well that's good! 😮
Georgia (Something Sensible): It was a big deal for like a week
Georgia (Something Sensible): The sister got grounded
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s how much that family loves pets lol
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~oh my god someone tried to hand their baby to mag at zenkai so mood on fragile things being held~~
Jess (whoozica): i dont know how to hold babies my friend has been making fun of since her daughter was born and i held her like an active tomebomb
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats the correct way to hold a baby
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I never held my niece as a baby, was too scared I'd drop her ~~also she poop on me lol~~ . I think the other sunday was the first time I picker her up (just lifting her by armpits into the air some)... and she's 2 yrs old. Lol rip...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YO ok so im gonna order the worbla tomorrow, i'm gonna go with black worbla because i'm lazy and want the smooth finish
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who else said they wanted in on the dealio?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma have to pass on this trip around T_T I broke lol.
Georgia (Something Sensible): What size?
Georgia (Something Sensible): And does that still give a discount on the cookie dough colored worbla
