Marisa (Mawisa): @katsucon people
official photoshoot and large gathering schedule is up now
https://www.katsucon.org/photo-ops/large-group-meetup-coordination/meetup-coordination-schedule/
Georgia (Something Sensible): Do you mean _the bull shoot list_
Mark (Mad Doctor): I assume the official schedule for all events is coming soon
Marisa (Mawisa): look at all the homestuck meetups it's perfect
Marisa (Mawisa): official schedule is out usually a week before hand. 2 if we're super lucky.
Georgia (Something Sensible): whats bang dream
Georgia (Something Sensible): and hypnosis mic
Marisa (Mawisa): bang dream is a mobile app a la love live where you have gacha and cute idols
Marisa (Mawisa): hypnosis mic is a song group made up of famous voice actors using anime persona. it takes place in a world where fighting is illegal and people fight through rap. they have catchy songs.
Georgia (Something Sensible): THERE ARE FOUR HOMESTUCK PHOTOSHOOTS
Marisa (Mawisa): both are SUPER popular in japan. hypmic moreso than bang dream right now
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH AIN'T IT SWELL
Georgia (Something Sensible): i cant look at this list anymore or ill scream
Marisa (Mawisa): i like that the animal crossing meetup is longer than the rwby one
Marisa (Mawisa): because so many people cosplay animal crossing
~~actually katsu has the highest number of animal crossing cosplayers than any other con. like princess tutu. but it's still nowhere near rwby size lol~~
Marisa (Mawisa): what's PCU is that a private group perhaps
Marisa (Mawisa): not percy jackson right. that's popular at zenkai.
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah percy jackson is on friday
Georgia (Something Sensible): idk they accepted fandoms that are too obscure or small without paying attention to bigger ones
Mark (Mad Doctor): No Overwatch
Mark (Mad Doctor): I think they were one of the largest groups last year
Mark (Mad Doctor): Pokemon only got a 30 minute slot, too
Georgia (Something Sensible): Not Smart Katsucon™️
Georgia (Something Sensible): @everyone Important Poll for Reasons: Please react with your Hogwarts House: 🦁 for Gryffindor, 🦡 for Hufflepuff, 🦉 for Ravenclaw, 🐍 for Slytherin
Georgia (Something Sensible): Apparently the badger emoji didn’t wanna show up
Marisa (Mawisa): That’s prejudice against hufflepuffs
Marisa (Mawisa): Is there a good online test we can take
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/time/4809884/harry-potter-house-sorting-hat-quiz
Marisa (Mawisa): Aaa sweet thank you!
ZombieHunter: IS ANYONE INTERESTED IN STAFFING A CONVENTION FOR THE FIRST TIME?
Marisa (Mawisa): what if it's not for the first time
ZombieHunter: then
ZombieHunter: idk. i figured i'd ask
Marisa (Mawisa): whatcha need staffers for owo
ZombieHunter: otakon!
ZombieHunter: i think
ZombieHunter: idk
ZombieHunter: head of department wants to know
ZombieHunter: and i figure i'd throw the opportunity at people
Marisa (Mawisa): oooo. i think i already have my badge or i'd consider <:rip:378273525804433408> i used to help set stuff up for the otakon matsuri and that was fun. if you're really hurting for recruits i can throw a word into the zenkaikon staff pool
Anna (Cadmium): ~~whens otakon~~
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Usually August
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's end of July this year
Georgia (Something Sensible): _how do we have so many ravenclaws_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Birds of a feather stick together
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It only shows me so many, whomst all is a Ravenclaw? 😮
Marisa (Mawisa): Maybe the test is rigged
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Me
Anna (Cadmium): I used what I got from Pottermore like 6 years ago
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Pottermore originally put me in Slytherin
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But then apparently reconfigured the test and I retook it at some point because I logged back in once and I was suddenly Gryffindor
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just don't remember retaking it 😅
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can't see you being a Slytherin lol. 
I've always gotten Ravenclaw on any quizzes. Got Hufflepuff and Gryffindor once when retook it for fun.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I got slytherin on pottermore the first time too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I took it again a couple years ago and got ravenclaw
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And that's what I've stuck with
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I definitely see you as a Ravenclaw
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea I think that's fitting for me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Slytherin.. eh.. not really
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I remember I was really hype for it and had one of my friends create my account (since I was at work) when they opened it up to be a beta tester
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And it was kind of a letdown because it was kind of confusing
Georgia (Something Sensible): I remember that yeah!
Georgia (Something Sensible): I had friends that were SUPER into it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I didn't use it for a couple years. Then got really into it during my summer semester in college because I joined a Pottermore Slytherin group
Mark (Mad Doctor): Every Potter house quiz I take puts me in Ravenclaw. There's no hiding the nerd in me
