Georgia (Something Sensible): So what did we actually wanna do with the beacon northeast Instagram account?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤷 Share group photos on there? Live streams when we together? Idk... anything group related?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m wondering if we should make the first few posts introductions
Georgia (Something Sensible): And then repost our photos from group things there?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ooh yeah!
Georgia (Something Sensible): So as long as a photo has two or more BNE people in it, it can go on the page?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): everyone gets a post that highlights some of their main cosplays
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~we could also shamelessly plug it on our livestream tomorrow night~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Okay, @everyone we are using the BNE Instagram to do intros for all the people in BNE, and thereafter using it to repost pics that feature 2 or more beacon northeast members. Please react ❤️ if you would like to have an intro post about yourself
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I would say double stream with the BNE account but double streaming in the same room is a nightmare
Georgia (Something Sensible): We could use two phones?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): it's more about two mics in the same range.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's what I meant. You stream on your account and then do the double stream with someone on the BNE account to plug the BNE account
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but two mics results in feedback
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so we'd have to mute the mic on one of the phones
Erik (Red Riot Thot): which there's probably a way to do that
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Would it feed back tho? There's no output for he other to pick up
Erik (Red Riot Thot): if both are going with audio, people watching would get audio from both at the same time
Tom (tomukuncosplay): They'd have to watch both tho in that case
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so not really feedback
Jess (whoozica): like when people talk to us at the same tome on voice chat babe! XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): if you're doing the dual stream on Insta
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Ooooohh
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Gotcha
Tom (tomukuncosplay): That makes sense then
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Mark (Mad Doctor): I presume we should focus on RWBY cosplays in our introductory posts
Georgia (Something Sensible): Primarily but not exclusively
Erik (Red Riot Thot): each post could highlight our different cosplays but the first one be our main RWBY cosplay (or whoever we want to feature more)
Georgia (Something Sensible): I figure we make like a collage
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mayb 4-5 cosplays
snow ( karma chameleon ): !!!!!! That’s cool
