Anna (loud and likely blonde): is there a place i can dump a bunch of foam armor patterns
Anna (loud and likely blonde): theyre pdf's
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cosplans?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Probs best place
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): @everyone 

Potential weekends for Fireball Mountain outdoor laser tag, saturday sunday pairs:
May 4th/May 5th 
May 18th/May 19th.
Lemme know if there's a con a large group of us are going to that I somehow missed in that range.  You can mark down for multiple days if they both meet your preferences.
4⃣ May 4th
5⃣ May 5th
8⃣ May 18th
9⃣ May 19th
ZombieHunter: Unfortunately May is also finals month and very iffy
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You want to suggest something? I looked at April, but asides from the first weekend (where it'll still be colder) there's Kogaracon/Sakura Sunday, Easter weekend, and then CPAC.
Georgia (Something Sensible): laughs at CPAC
Georgia (Something Sensible): for the good of the group, i would suggest later may or early june but that makes it less likely that i can attend
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 18th or 19th seems like a good time cause most finals should be done by then
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's my thought.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I say aim for that time and if not everyone can attend we can always do another trip later in the summer?
ZombieHunter: Agreed.
ZombieHunter: Early June is ANEXT and colossalcon. But from what I can tell, there is almost nothing in August this year??
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): My birthday but that doesn't matter.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, Ota moved to July.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Shh it does too!~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fireball Mountain for Bill's birthday. Let's go
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They do birthday parties but also I prefer drinking and fire.
Georgia (Something Sensible): july, do you mean PARTY MONTH
Georgia (Something Sensible): reiley and i both turn 21
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm cool with whatever as long as it's not June  7th and 8th
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's animenext so you have nothing to worry about.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause I might be having my own birthday party then
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
OOOH I should just go to ANext and have a con birthday
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also yes, Georgia will throw a party the week before my birthday and exhaust the lot of you.
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~unless im in another state oof~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): then we party last weekend in august probably
Georgia (Something Sensible): or a "congrats on the internship" party idk
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's your choice ain't it.
Georgia (Something Sensible): well yeah EITHER WAY theres gonna be SOMETHIN
Georgia (Something Sensible): either an internship party mid may, an actual party late july, or a make up party late agugust
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Anyway, Georgia throwing parties aside.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): S'long as we can get enough people, 25 bucks isn't that much for 90 minutes of play. The gas'll cost more.
