El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woahhhh
Nokri (Marisa): somebody please get raphael a shirt that fits
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Whhhhhich raphael
Nokri (Marisa): the eyes of a man in pain
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ohgod
El🆓de Faun (Tom): He is in pain
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Someone help him
Bill: Did you join golden deer?
Nokri (Marisa): no i just joined red gals like 2 seconds ago
Nokri (Marisa): which did you pick
Nokri (Marisa): bernadetta: screams for her introduction and then refuses to talk again. perfect
Bill: Claude is my boi so deer.
Bill: You and Andrew are both eagles.
Nokri (Marisa): must be a philly thing
Nokri (Marisa): omg the bell is the original fire emblem theme song that's really funny
Andrew: Black Eagles
Andrew: must be a philly thing
Andrew: lol
Nokri (Marisa): talking to bernadetta through the door awww yisss
Nokri (Marisa): Hacker voice I’m in
Nokri (Marisa): FISHING MINIGAME
Bill: Man, I love Lysithea more than myself.
Bill: His shirt may not fit but Raphael is wholesome as fuck
Nokri (Marisa): Ashe and Hubert are neat, and the two girl bffs
Nokri (Marisa): apparently there are differences in choices between male and female byleth when talking to dorothea. male byleth should tell manuela when she mentions her missing underwear and female byleth should offer to help her search. that's neat
Nokri (Marisa): some people omg
Nokri (Marisa): petra is...... cool?
she's the closest character i've ever seen come close to real world second/foreign language speech patterns, and yet it still sounds so fake
Andrew: They gave her Starfires speech paterns
Nokri (Marisa): nah, starfire overuses particles. she never really made grammar mistakes, she just used overly wordy sentences that sound unnatural to native speakers. petra makes grammar mistakes, mostly by messing up the predicates of her sentences and mixing up her verb conjugations. the only similarities is that they both take things literally and use more formal speech.
Nokri (Marisa): unless petra changes after the first month
Nokri (Marisa): she improves? <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Andrew: Her dialogue, no. I never thought that much about that lol
Andrew: Ok you keep ytour Saint statue levels for new game plus. I thought so because theres barely enough if at all Renown to max them in one run.
Nokri (Marisa): can you marry people in this game
Nokri (Marisa): If you can I know for sure I’m not marrying mister “wipes his face with Dorothea’s underwear” over here
Nokri (Marisa): Byleth is so disappointed
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): i don't think he knew it was hers, but if you talk to dorothea she says her undershirt is missing and then this guy says he happened to find some cloth to wipe his face with
Bill: I think *you* can marry but you can't ship *everyone*.
Bill: And if I'm right I'm bitching at Nintendo cause that's the whole point.
Nokri (Marisa): I think is good, it was hard pairing everybody up in past games. I didn’t want anyone left out
Nokri (Marisa): I keep running into doors
Nokri (Marisa): The first kid I talked to was immediately recruited without question and then everyone else has *requirements* to be recruited. Laaaame.
Bill: what how'd you recruit without effort
Nokri (Marisa): I went up and spoke to him and he was like “hey I wanna join your house instead” and I was like “ok”
Bill: Lol what
Bill: Is it cause you’re a girl.
Bill: It’s cause Mawisa is best teacher but.
Bill: Also what.
Bill: Who?
Nokri (Marisa): OH it might’ve been because girl. It was Sylvain he’s like the skirt chaser
Bill: Maybe it’d make sense for Sylvain?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeee
Bill: YEAH.
Bill: Lol.
Bill: What a shit.
Bill: I considered recruiting him but I got lazy after Bernadetta and Ingrid.
Nokri (Marisa): he's similar to ferdinand so i don't really know what to do with him
Nokri (Marisa): i put them on horse duty together
Bill: You can never have too many paladins.
Bill: Though I dropped Hilda from mounted for Dancer and I have no regrets.
Bill: Paladins are just unkillable.
Bill: Ingrid even has good magic resist.
Bill: Unlike Raph.
Nokri (Marisa): i thought dorothea was a dancer retytyjhgfds she's not from the start aaa
Bill: Raph in fortress knight class tho.
Bill: Dorothea is heals right?
Bill: White mage?
Nokri (Marisa): her ability is songstress and she came equipped with thunder and a sword
Bill: I almost made my white mage (Marianne, Lysithea is combat focused) dancer but then I can’t have her heal and dance same turn.
Bill: So reason.
Nokri (Marisa): she's actually really really bad with faith it's one of her weaknesses but also has 3 stars next to it
ooo reason ye she has that
Bill: The 3 stars means if you force them to study it enough they’ll actually excel in it.
Nokri (Marisa): i dont think she can be a dancer screams
Bill: Dancer is special. It’s an event unlock.
Nokri (Marisa): screams
Nokri (Marisa): is there anyone who doesn't like birthday flowers because i'm budgeting for giving them to everyone
Bill: Haven’t seen anyone who doesn’t.
Andrew: They all like flowers.
Andrew: You do marry but it doesn't happen until the epilogue but you decide before the last battle it asks you.
Andrew: If you want hilda btw go for her early I heard a thing that she becomes ungettable after a point
Andrew: Linhardt was a good white mage for me along with Marianne and used lysithea as a dark mage
Bill: Lysithea is a fucking monster and I love her.
Bill: 50 damage, double hit, consistently.
Andrew: Lysithea was able to one shot a whole health bar of final noss
Andrew: Ferd was good paladin just had to fix his res
Andrew: I made Dorothea my dancer, it didn't feel right choosing someone else
Nokri (Marisa): I heard the thing with hilda was unavoidable I think
Sylvain never gets hit by the enemies it’s great
Andrew: Just looked it up it appears for the BE route Hildas rectruitable during a certain timeframe regarding the story
Nokri (Marisa): RAPHAEL DROPPIN' BUTTONS ALL OVER THE CAMPUS BECAUSE HIS SHIRT DON'T FIT I SWEAR
Nokri (Marisa): boi pick up your buttons and get a new shirt
Andrew: You could see him one
Andrew: 
Nokri (Marisa): "Does the river of filth ever stop flowing from your mouth?"
"You disgust me. Get out of here."
These units are now support rank C!

o-oh. ok.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): O-oh
Nokri (Marisa): <:mood:543191222127296522>
Nokri (Marisa): she fainted standing upright poor bernadetta
Nokri (Marisa): she looks lke a dead fish
Nokri (Marisa): why does bernadetta just get absolutely murdered in all of her support convos
Nokri (Marisa): ||oh she's snapped and is considering throwing her classmates into a fire. there we go||
