Nokri (Marisa): Death Knight but his eyes glow like Sans’s
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Dunnananan dun dun dunananan
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.nintendoenthusiast.com/2019/08/08/gene-simmons-likes-obstagoon-will-not-sue-pokemon-over-kiss-likeness/?fbclid=IwAR3komg8Ix96nGeAB0KuSEQAITbL3Tg1eb4xvUtiHEYpSl2KPA5DKSd6Jtw
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Good
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Although I'm surprised that dude's an asshole
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaaaa
Bill: I wonder if late game three houses is difficult when you don’t have Lysithea/Claude to nuke everyone.
Bill: Finished chapter 20-21 (I’m on last month) in like 5 turns cause as soon as Lysithea can reach the boss she nukes em with Thyrus.
Bill: *i love ger*
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Andrew: I'm on ch 15 of ng+ and my team is based 37
Andrew: Level
Andrew: Everyone can nuke most things now I love it
Bill: Fuck me. The receiver for my wireless headphones/switch died.
Bill: Mid last chapter.
Bill: Games fully voiced, I don’t want to finish without sound.
Nokri (Marisa): Do you have any other headphones? Or somewhere you can go and play the volume out loud?
Bill: On the train, and nah, just the wireless ones.
Bill: If they didn’t have nonstandard audio jack I’d carry a cable but I have no idea where to get one that fits asides from Bose themselves.
Bill: It okay, I wait till I get home.
Bill: ~~More time with my precious golden deer~~
Nokri (Marisa): They have a regular audio jack I think :0
On the switch? I’ve used dollar store headphones with it before, you can grab some of those. The cable gets in the way a bit because it’s on top but it works
Bill: It’s not the switch that’s a problem lol.
Bill: My headphones take a smaller jack.
Nokri (Marisa): O
Yeah your headphones died so you can’t listen to the switch right?
Bill: I think it’s 2.5mm rather than the standard 3.5mm.
Bill: Well, no. The switch can’t use Bluetooth headphones normally right? (Which is stupid that’s a great feature.) 

I bought this little transmitter you plug into the switch and my headphones pair to that. That piece is what died.
Nokri (Marisa): O
Dollar store headphones can still work tho
Bill: Yeah put I’m on a train lol
Nokri (Marisa): Train store
Mr Conductor pwease
Nokri (Marisa): See if amazon delivers to trains with their fancy drones
Bill: That’d be like a million dollars.
Bill: And I’ll just play it later.
Bill: ~~the mission itself won’t take long, Lysithea will nuke the boss~~
Nokri (Marisa): But what about raising supports :0
Bill: Lol
Bill: I have every characters support with every other character maxed.
Bill: Also maxed professor level.
Bill: *Spam* the eat together option. It builds support and motivation.
Bill: That’s all I used my activity points on really.
Nokri (Marisa): I only use the eat together to raise motivation and bond, Ive been using the other points to raise skills to recruit more students
Nokri (Marisa): But you can only eat twice a day right?
Bill: Nope. You only can do the special once a day.
Bill: I only recruited bernie and Ingrid and I did it through support grinding so...
Nokri (Marisa): You do the special once a day and then the non special
Bill: You can do multiple non special yes.
Nokri (Marisa): Only one non special I think but idk I rarely do that
Bill: You need to use ingredients tho.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah there’s an absolute ton of them
Bill: ~~I just said I’ve been using it extensively trust me I’m right~~
Bill: I don’t think I can ever fight against the deer though.
Bill: New game is going to be rough.
Nokri (Marisa): I’d be fine murdering hilda if I wasn’t trying to recruit her
Nokri (Marisa): ||and am only recruiting her to save her life. How ironic||
Bill: She’s not so bad when you get to know her~~~
Andrew: Non special is unlimited uses
Andrew: I've been spamming it
