El氣電e Faun (Tom): https://snafucomics.fandom.com/wiki/Professor_Membrane
El氣電e Faun (Tom): ah yes
El氣電e Faun (Tom): the powerpuff girls doujinshi
Nokri (Marisa): ah yes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhh
https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/minecraft-snapshot-19w34a?fbclid=IwAR1r52VWEUzidkT2HEUPQemqQIKNjW2G8gs4jm0KZCqSYmpPRTwZL5G8K9Q
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): new bee mobs!
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA I SAW THAT
El氣電e Faun (Tom): yea
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Fishing with bae 沽 ya know
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I'm so much better at reacting to the fish via soun with my eyes closed then actually watching the fish
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH the sound is SO much easier for some reason??
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): differences between guy and gal
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Afina and Elfriede?
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: <@!141729881779077121>
Bill: "The Battle of the Eagle and Lion is scheduled for September 22, 1PM Eastern time."
Bill: shocked hilda
Nokri (Marisa): oh wow is there a time limit on exploring? the bell rang and it turned into evening and the sun is going down
Bill: only activity points.
Nokri (Marisa): i finished those up long ago, i've been doing other things
Nokri (Marisa): it's turning into night now this is really freaky
Bill: *It's the Edelgard witching hour*
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna keep wandering around and see if it gets any darker
Nokri (Marisa): but i don't think it will. but what if
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): maybe it does this when there's truly nothing left to do? but i've tried to do everything in all the previous months as well. is it just random
Nokri (Marisa): oh and i still have supports so that can't be it
Nokri (Marisa): oooo does the sauna ever get unlocked
Nokri (Marisa): Is that normal
Bill: Never seen it.
Nokri (Marisa): why make the sauna look so fancy if it doesn't do anything smh
Bill: Because you spent a ridiculous amount of time in the monastery?
Nokri (Marisa): I窶冦 just making sure there窶冱 nothing to miss and maximizing everything I can
Nokri (Marisa): But the sauna is just. There.
Nokri (Marisa): Like the shed in harvest moon. I figured it窶囘 unlock at some point but the internet says nope
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Secret shed
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Need the deoxys dlc
El氣電e Faun (Tom): New is under the truck by the SS ANNE just use strength
Nokri (Marisa): The shed stays permanently closed but if you get close enough to your neighbor he can give you access to his two headed talking plant that can combine seeds
Nokri (Marisa): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Little house of horrors tomato
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): That窶冱 it. Everyone pack up, we窶决e good.
Andrew: Sauna I hope is dlc
Andrew: It's weird you cant interact with it.
Nokri (Marisa): it's so colorful
Nokri (Marisa): the best building
Nokri (Marisa): i don't think the monastary will get any darker i think evening is the latest it'll go
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Pokemon go water festival just started and goes for the next seven days for those that care <:Shooketh_Honda_San:605590718026874901>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): A bunch of water Pokemon buffs like double walking candy
Aldus Larian (Jess): :O!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And mostly water spawns
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Like wailmer and feebas and magikarp
Aldus Larian (Jess): we can't play together D:
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It for the next 7 days!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oo I mean over the weekend
Andrew: 
