Sherwood (Will): They’re badasses it’ll be fine. :dab:
Sherwood (Will): Wow we really don’t have a dab emote.
Persimmon (Floob): ...Yet!
Noctis (CORN BITCH): yeet
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Give me time fucker
Persimmon (Floob): *nod*
Noctis (CORN BITCH): I have one last final
Persimmon (Floob): One final last?
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Yes
Sherwood (Will): WOW I got lucky.
Sherwood (Will): ahahahaaaaaaa
Persimmon (Floob): Not clear on what the quick roll was for.
Sherwood (Will): headbutt.
Sherwood (Will): So of note, we need Gwyn to end up kidnapped. That could be from the guy climbing getting the drop on Percy and grabbing her, or more guys come from the roof down.
Sherwood (Will): or we change the outline.
Persimmon (Floob): I gotchu 👌
Persimmon (Floob): I'm guessing the guy climbed the ladder successfully?
You had him roll to do it but usually the purpose of obstructions is just that moving between zones costs your turn, so I'm not sure what the roll was for or how I'm to interpret it.
Sherwood (Will): It's there basically in case you said "I stop him from climbing".
Sherwood (Will): Via either the aspect for 'retracted ladder' or just contesting him.
Persimmon (Floob): Ah. Nah, I got a better idea. Something dumber with the added benefit of potentially getting Gwyn kidnapped if it goes wrong. 👌
Sherwood (Will): 👌
Sherwood (Will): Cause my round is *forfeit* with that -2 attack.
Persimmon (Floob): Ack xD
Persimmon (Floob): Turns out firing a sniper rifle from the hip with one hand doesn't work so well.
Sherwood (Will): wow HOW do I use the rules to explain you shooting Gwyn by accident. XD
Persimmon (Floob): Percy's gun has gained the aspect _curved barrel_ if that's the case-
Sherwood (Will): lol
Sherwood (Will): Technically we could still do damage, if the guys roll less than -2.
Persimmon (Floob): I'll just roll them now, the suspense is killing me-
Persimmon (Floob): Yeah no we fucked up
Sherwood (Will): Can close chibi on that, if no one is interested in the scene any more. I’d say start fresh since it’s been open awhile.
Persimmon (Floob): I'd like to have an actual plot for a sketch but we're just practicing the characters for now.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Also i haven't been able to respond Will because of scholl related things
Persimmon (Floob): I suppose the options for chibi are to shut it down for now or transition into actually doing stuff.
