Sherwood (Will): I’ll do next round on the train home today.
Sherwood (Will): Whatever action Argent took, I'mma say that 0 was a failure at it.
Sherwood (Will): Sher and Percy both fucked up their attacks too.
Argent (el Cap): So would it be a roll, yea?
Sherwood (Will): You already rolled for it.
Persimmon (Floob): I don't know what the goal was, tho
Sherwood (Will): Move Noctis, so giving him a boost imo.
Argent (el Cap): I mean for the future
Sherwood (Will): Oh shit Sherwood's going to get hurt damn.
Persimmon (Floob): Ack
Persimmon (Floob): So I have to figure out how Percy is going to defend against his rifle getting grabbed?
Persimmon (Floob): Is defending against that my action for the next round?
Sherwood (Will): Nah. Let's call that a defend action.
Persimmon (Floob): Okay. I have a pretty good idea of how that's gonna work out.
Sherwood (Will): well that's four shifts of damage to me.
Persimmon (Floob): I'm going to roll in advance of making my post just so I know the result of that roll and can do the rest of the post around it.
Sherwood (Will): yeah, that's the trend I'm going with.
Persimmon (Floob): Naisu okay
Sherwood (Will): rip so much for losing Gwyn.
Persimmon (Floob): ~~You can argue that the action I'm about to do might be hazardous to her anyway but that's fine.~~
Sherwood (Will): lol
Sherwood (Will): WOW. I found a use for Sherwood's semblance.
Sherwood (Will): WOO sher gunna die.
Persimmon (Floob): Sher, my man... You're really not doing so hot.
Sherwood (Will): As it so happens I have terrible luck.
Sherwood (Will): and adding Dice to this was my idea.
Sherwood (Will): 😅
Persimmon (Floob): Maybe if you tie the tickle could at least slow him down. xD
Sherwood (Will): Yeaaaaah Sher in trouble.
Sherwood (Will): Unless he takes longer term consequences he can’t take another hit.
Persimmon (Floob): Although... Because Percy has "Ooh, shiny!" I bet your semblance at least made enough of a flash to catch his eye... 🤔 🤔 🤔
Persimmon (Floob): TIME TO BAIL HIM OUT! (And never let him live this down.)
Sherwood (Will): ~~tbh Sherwood getting his ass handed to him in melee feels like a him thing~~
Persimmon (Floob): Wait, can I use a fate point to boost an attack roll, actually? I'm not clear on that.
Persimmon (Floob): Errr no, I think I can spend a fate point to invoke an aspect to get a boost. That's how it works.
Persimmon (Floob): Occurred to me to roll to make sure Sher's attack failed, and yeah, it did.
Sherwood (Will): I’m trying to look my phone is just having a god damn anynursm with the pdf.
Persimmon (Floob): Either way I know invoking an aspect with a fate point for a +2 is definitely a thing. So I can use that to attack regardless of whether using it on an attack roll directly is correct.
Persimmon (Floob): (So long as the aspect chosen makes sense as being used to my advantage, of course.)
Sherwood (Will): Yup. You can get +2, reroll your roll, spend a point on an opponents aspect to give them -2 or an allies for +2.
Persimmon (Floob): And if I want a +2, I use that before the roll? Just so I can't cheat and decide not to?
Sherwood (Will): Nope. You get to wait till after.
Persimmon (Floob): These rules are more complicated than they seem. x3
Sherwood (Will): So what are you using it for?
Sherwood (Will): Cause bringing it up I kinda want to spend one.
Sherwood (Will): I like the image of Sherwood just being like “bitch please die, that hurt”.
Persimmon (Floob): Percy's gonna try and snag glory (while also embarassing Sher) by bailing Sherwood out.
Persimmon (Floob): So I was gonna make a flashy attack on his assailant.
Sherwood (Will): Okay. We can do them both I think.
Sherwood (Will): No kill like overkill, and Percy getting distracted showboating is a great reason for Gwyn to get nabbed.
Persimmon (Floob): I like the idea of making the fights really easy so that our character flaws making us throw the fight is the real reason we're ever in any danger. xD
Persimmon (Floob): Cuz honestly we could've blitzed these guys into next week by now.
Sherwood (Will): Well, I tried but.
Sherwood (Will): No blitzing here lol
Sherwood (Will): But like I said it’s fitting for Sherwood to suck at close quarters ( <@!203874275982049280>  , <@!230000317708763137>  I neeeeeeed youuuuu)
Sherwood (Will): But you’re totally right.
Sherwood (Will): I need to really read over everyone’s aspects and be sure to take any opportunity to compel.
Persimmon (Floob): Well Argent and Nocty I feel aren't very tactical and Percy, arguably the smartest of the whole group, isn't as interested in the team as he is in having fun and saving himself.
Persimmon (Floob): Leaving us with no leader but the literally and metaphorically green Sherwood. We ARE a weak team at this stage.
Sherwood (Will): Ye Sherwood has the calm mind to make tactical decisions but he’s only worked with a team since starting at Beacon.
Sherwood (Will): He’s more used to one shot one kill on Grimm.
Sherwood (Will): Human enemies are not his thing lol
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Currently at work. Im off in 30mind
Persimmon (Floob): Cool
