Persimmon (Floob): Did we ever actually decide on partners for VLPS? For that matter, did we decide if Shade even _has_ partners within teams like Beacon does?
Noctis (CORN BITCH): What do you mean?
Argent (el Cap): I *think* we did?
Persimmon (Floob): Percy and Sherwood are partners, Argent and Noctis are partners.
Like in the series how the first people that locked eyes in the initiation were partners for their time at Beacon.
Persimmon (Floob): But idk what we decided for VLPS.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): I don't think we did at all
Argent (el Cap): I wanna say it was Lyn/Sona but that may be me making things up
Persimmon (Floob): Sounds kinda right...
Persimmon (Floob): Will would probably know, tbh.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): <@!184437198865563648>
Noctis (CORN BITCH): BITCH
Persimmon (Floob): ~~If we didn't decide, somebody should claim Patchy. She's #1 waifu for laifu I promise.~~
Noctis (CORN BITCH): VIDI CALLS DIBS
Persimmon (Floob): Oh-
Noctis (CORN BITCH): 🔪
Noctis (CORN BITCH): FIGHT ME
Argent (el Cap): >waifu for laifu
>not lyn
Argent (el Cap): https://tenor.com/view/obi-wan-confusion-gif-10824788
Sherwood (Will): Iiiii don’t remember. I don’t think we chose partners.
Sherwood (Will): I’m good with Lynae tho.
Persimmon (Floob): Oh, no pressure Missu, but you do have multiple commissions out on art. I just want to make sure you know what we need most.
Persimmon (Floob): Because this is, of course, MANDATORY.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): I am actually working on the dabing Emojis
Persimmon (Floob): Dabbing emojis are #1 priority
Sherwood (Will): Lol
Persimmon (Floob): #2 would be having actual art of VLPS, at least rough sketches. But that's a more involved process since I don't think we've gone thought it before. Probably going to involve you talking to each of us for details on their looks and outfits.
Persimmon (Floob): ~~Though I totally stole Patchy's fashion sense from a Castlevania character so I could literally send you a picture of that for clothing reference.~~
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Okk. I can do that
Persimmon (Floob): Actually, come to think of it, when I designed Percy's outfit I kinda had a video game character in mind too.
Persimmon (Floob): Amusingly, his costume is sorta based on Ana from Overwatch.
Argent (el Cap): I'm not too sure about Lynae's.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): OHH, Thats helpful!!
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Its fine if you guys just send me photos of clothing to show
Persimmon (Floob): Just a drab green rather than her blue for the cloak, honestly.
OH SHIT I also realized that I changed Percy's faunus feature to fox ears just because I felt like the eyes didn't stand out enough to fit with the other features we see in the series.
Persimmon (Floob): So that kinda makes some art that's already drawn outdated...  ^^;
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Its fine, I'll Just make the changes
Persimmon (Floob): Lynae could just steal one of the ridiculous JoJo's outfits. xD
Sherwood (Will): I have Pinterest references for each piece of Sherwood and Sonas outfits.
Sherwood (Will): They’re linked in the outfit descriptions on the webpage character bio.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): litt ok
Sherwood (Will): That’s how I designed em. Ran through Pinterest until I had a reference for every piece of the outfit.
Sherwood (Will): Took FOREVER for Sona.
Persimmon (Floob): The reason why Percy wears a cloak and Patchy wears a dress is partially because I SUCK at describing clothing and don't know like any useful terminology for it so I'd rather stick to one distinct item for each. ^^;
Persimmon (Floob): Sorry
-dress
+COMBAT... dress
Sherwood (Will): Lol
Sherwood (Will): Rather than transition, let’s just call a new scene in VLPS chibi a new scene.
Persimmon (Floob): I mostly wrote that as a joke ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Persimmon (Floob): But I do think that micromanaging chibi is wrong simply because part of the point of chibi is not really having rules.
Sherwood (Will): That’s why I don’t want to have scene transitions. I feel like multiple part scenes is too complex for chibi.
Persimmon (Floob): You can call it what you like. I could have written **Spaghetti** in the bold as long as it's  a barrier to distinguish what's happening above from what's happening below.
Sherwood (Will): Tho I’m not about to say we need to start vlps channels for minor stuff like this either.
Persimmon (Floob): Well I mean, the original ASPN chibi concept _was_ actually to mimic the chibi of the show by having light-hearted rp comedy skits with our characters.
Buuuuuut it quickly turned out that rp comedy skits are hard to do when only one person can know the punchline and has to count on the other people playing into it on accident.
So now it really is just a place for the "minor stuff" with perhaps a bit of a lean towards comedic moments or minor character development.
Sherwood (Will): Yeaaah.
Persimmon (Floob): I don't even remember what any of the original skits were...
I do vaguely remember a concept where Percy stole a cookie jar and rigged the dorm up with traps to keep the team from finding him? That's about it.
Sherwood (Will): I did some solo thing for Sher... outside of that...
Sherwood (Will): Hmm.
Persimmon (Floob): I do think another thing we could do with chibi is have ASPN characters interact with VLPS characters in comical ways that wouldn't happen in the main rp.
Or fourth-wall breaking moments where perhaps they react to things that happened to the opposite team even though in canon they weren't there?
Persimmon (Floob): If both teams are involved I suppose the appropriate channel would be the one for whichever team is the focus, or whichever team is mentioned first...
