No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): talking about rune factory with someone
they said they married sakuya in original rune factory and raven in rf3
sakuya is also in rf3 as a minor character (like raven and barrett in rf4)
i asked if it was awkward "being with raven but still having to see your wife from another life"
that's a thing now all past waifus are just wifes from another life
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Hmm truuuuu
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Barret got like 9000 times hotter tho and now he's un-romancable , tsktsk
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): his wife snatched him up
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And he said he had 2 girls or something
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And is a school teacher too right
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like kids? Or he's just that hot and has 2 wives
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): this is his wife
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ya he's a teacher, he's the mayors son
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): you remember his father?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omg she needs a hug
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): father
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): and his wife's father
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~does he take after his mom~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): her wedding gown cute
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Cutttte
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Omg!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): unlike the messes that are the 3 and 4 wedding dresses
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I just saw the male player character from rf4 and he's adorable
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): She marry
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oo lest? yeah!!
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I've made a mistake
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): new game +
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): She got mistletoe in her hair
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): good excuse for kiss
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I was thinking about all the coicrs of girls in RF4 and there's alot of good bachelorettes
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Buuuuut
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Das how you make sure you get da kissy
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I think I've decided on clorica
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Sleepy gurl
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): clorica a sweetie. everyone a sweetie.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Second place is tied for everyone else
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): bring back the girl who said she hated your guts
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I like Forte/Saber, I like margerat
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): are you dating multiple people
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Prob the lowest on the list would be fairy gurl
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oof and I like uuhhhhh
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): margaret seemed a liiiittle bland for me until she turned into daria during the opposite personality event that was amazing
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): DOLLY
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): why don't you like butterfly loli?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): DOLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): said in pico's voice
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 2 waifus for 1
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): TRUE
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's a shame lumie isn't a bachelorette
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): She comes with a JoJo's stand
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): and porco
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh lumie isn't a bachelorette
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): ~~Goodgood~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Alright then everyone
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): rf3 had a lot of good girls. no guys tho. the main character was awesome they're half monster and you can transform
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wAIT IS MEDICAL GIRL NOKRI i forget her personality brb
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah I like alot of thier designs
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I'm digging the bottom left girl
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): FUCK I JUST REALIZED SHE HAS GREEN HAIR IM SO TRASH
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that's missing a wife too i think? yeah kuruna isn't there I'm 90% sure you can also marry kuruna
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): this also a bachelorette
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): carmen (bottom left) is a brocon fisher girl
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): She neet
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I like most.of the.bottom.row
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yo a unicorn girl
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Raven and the blue hair girltoo
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i forget a lot about marian i should go back and seduce her again
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): With a pet floaty diddlle
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): pia (pink hair) is a mermaid
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Her hair is neeto
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Marian
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): kinky
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oh eyelyn isn't a bachelorette darn. she's the one who invented the monkey shield.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): woke clorica
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): this is carmen's brother
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they twins
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~last rf3 post~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Man tiddy
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh nicu
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I also like the flower shop ladya bit
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oo shara? she's the canon wife but universally hated by fans lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): she's the most bland. not hated, just not favored.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Is that bottom left one (one over) Amelia OoO
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And I meant the flower shop girl from 4
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Omg gasp you right collette and Amelia same hair. 
Ooo illuminata!! R.I.P. bachelorette lumie
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Wow autocorrect way to make that macabre
