Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): So I talked to Jones after he got done stealing 13000gold.from.me (some health care pft) and he said some. Deep shit about the plain of suffering and good and stuff but I wasn't prepared so I wasn't really paying attention
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): So I talked to him again to get him to repeat it
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But he just talked about the BUDDY BATTLE WEEEE
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): he's gonna use the money he took from you to bet
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): THATS NOT NICE JONES
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I went to idra cave
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Got half way through and died
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It takes so many hits to kill anything 😭
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Ooof
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): upgrade yo weapon!!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what are your stats?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Many stats <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): So many
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Im using the cyclone sword or something and I upgraded it with a bunch of useless stuff that made it do like 30 moar dmg
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I'm base lvl 70 I think
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 30 more damage!? tsk tsk you gotta aim higher! upgrade with ALL the things!
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I like when I give Dylas dah SOOSH he gets excited
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Ideal man
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ideal horse boy
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i can't remember any items that are strong/weak against water. hmm. like how oil is weak against fire.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I bought one of the armour set costumes why doesn't it give me moar defense 😭
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oil +fire equal moar 🔥
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I told porcorusso I loved him.nd he gave me food!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): sometimes porco traps you in a hole
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 😱
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): food can raise your defense and hp, but only the first dish you eat, then any food after that will cancel out its affects
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): also leon can upgrade your heal spell
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 😱 😱
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Such complex
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): there's a staff you can craft that's super OP but you can't get the materials until late in the game
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I've never used a staff yet 🤔
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): lightning mane might give you horse dylas's lightning attack
ooo then switching now might eat up a big chunk of mp unless you have high mp
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I dunno wat high is 💕
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's illegal
Bill: I got the art book for breath of the wild...
Bill: This shit quality.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): is that in the good way or the bad way
Bill: The good way.
Bill: They even included notes on the art that really make you feel the behind the scenes.
Bill: Me: has dozens of unplayed games on Steam
also me: what's on the sale...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Now that’s what I call dedication
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): ohh boi
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): although im not surprised xD
