Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): I didn't have enough service to look at all the pictures but form what I saw was great
Nokri (Marisa): How long are y’all living in a tent in the wild Ernest?
Nokri (Marisa): Thanks autocorrect
Aldus (Jess): We left this morning
Nokri (Marisa): :0
Elfriede (Tom): Jess is home but I gotta go camp again
Aldus (Jess): I'm home now but Tom's on his way to a work trip thinfy
Elfriede (Tom): For work
Nokri (Marisa): Ew
Elfriede (Tom): Explain that one
Nokri (Marisa): Cruel tricks of destiny
Aldus (Jess): This is me this week sept I'm the boyfriend and Tom's the girlfriend
Nokri (Marisa): Sleeveless shirts are fashionable to some you shoul do it and be trendy
Elfriede (Tom): What about shirtless sleeves
Elfriede (Tom): Get your ashotaka on
Nokri (Marisa): Turn all your shirts into whatever hestia wears in dungeon no deai
Use string
Elfriede (Tom): Nonpls
Elfriede (Tom): On second thought do that
Nokri (Marisa): Fashionablé
Elfriede (Tom): But heatia is trash waifu
Aldus (Jess): Yea I'll get on that right away
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Fighting words 
Great idea jess
Nokri (Marisa): Don’t forget progress pics
Aldus (Jess): What will I wear to work 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): That
Nokri (Marisa): ™
Aldus (Jess): 👌👌👌
Nokri (Marisa): Would it be rude to post wig spike tips in BNE 
The one guy posted on his Instagram it seemed he was having difficulty and he’s only using hairspray but for wigs like that u gotta make a spike bass
Nokri (Marisa): Or have wax at least
Afina (Georgia): i just gave him a pro tip of using a hairdryer
Afina (Georgia): its prob not rude
Nokri (Marisa): Oh ye if he wasn’t using a hairdryer then bam there u go
Aldus (Jess): Gives da advice
Bill: ~~I took all of those photos~~
Nokri (Marisa): wow you look great in those pictures. new haircut?
Bill: Took, not in. Which is funny given it’s supposed to be about me and Nick, not him and Allison.
Nokri (Marisa): of course you're in the pictures. you're right there. right there.
Nokri (Marisa): i weigh 45 tons and am 4.6 meters tall AMA
https://66.media.tumblr.com/a00bc62c2fc34401d739d54af70f914d/tumblr_inline_pfkdbzHJQm1r90j8z_1280.png
Nokri (Marisa): except about the bike. don't ask about the bike because i have no idea why it was there.
Aldus (Jess): ✨
Nokri (Marisa): JESS WHAT ARE YOUR COSPLANS
Aldus (Jess): OH MAN TOO MANY
Nokri (Marisa): THAT'S A GOOD START TELL US MORE
Aldus (Jess): 
Aldus (Jess): oh and maaaaybe violet?
Nokri (Marisa): Aldus :3c
*we gonna be makin' hamantaschen for rayla*
honestly thought san was sans undertale for a minute
violet evergarden? OwO
Aldus (Jess): ye possibly
Bill: All that quality.
Aldus (Jess): Thank fren
Nokri (Marisa): do you have katsu plans this far out yet
Aldus (Jess): not solid, jusr MM wif u
Nokri (Marisa): oh right i still have to buy my ticket whoops i'll do that now
Bill: For Katsu or for Plane. 👀
Nokri (Marisa): katsu :3c
Nokri (Marisa): idk nothin bout no planes man maybe i'll arrive katsucon morning. cassi did that. came back from japan friday at like 6am of otakon and was a corpse by sunday
Nokri (Marisa): oh.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): just the online registration. ok.
Aldus (Jess): YAY
Aldus (Jess): have fun at online registration!
Elfriede (Tom): Are we registered? I think so
Aldus (Jess): 🤔
Elfriede (Tom): I registered for zenkai but idk about katsu
Elfriede (Tom): Prob not
Elfriede (Tom): WAIT no I didn't I have a reminder to before the price raise on the calendar
Aldus (Jess): 👌
Afina (Georgia): I keep forgetting I bought my Katsu ticket at Anext
Bill: pro strats: your email has a flagging system of some kind; flag any important emails you won't need for a year.
Bill: It's what I do with all my tickets and reservations.
Aldus (Jess): thats what i do too
Bill: great minds.
Bill: Yowch what about Casey?
Afina (Georgia): Casey and I saw the pics with Casey in them
Afina (Georgia): Don’t worry, they’re bamf, Casey doesn’t feel left out
Bill: Are they?
Bill: ~~as a third party observer with *no personal interest in the matter*...~~
Afina (Georgia): Yeee we gonna post them you’ll see
Bill: ~~I don't have a rival now do I~~
Elfriede (Tom): Yes you do
Elfriede (Tom): Everyone with a camera is your rival
Elfriede (Tom): Fight to the death
Elfriede (Tom): Pay per view
Bill: How dare.
Afina (Georgia): 😮
Afina (Georgia): no you dont have a rival
