Bill: ~~Hunter continues to annoy me about shoots and such~~
Aldus (Jess): y tho
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): weren't u interested in the photo convention thing
Bill: “You can keep them Bill”
Bill: Excuse.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): whaaaa where was there
Aldus (Jess): yeawhere was that i def missed that
Bill: 
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): are u passing up a boudoir shoot smh
Elfriede (Tom): But why tho
Aldus (Jess): he just kidding around
Bill: He probably is. But I didn’t find it funny.
Bill: The attitude he has bugs me; Plus aforementioned fear everyone will work with him and I’ll lose my spot in BNE, he’s being kinda pushy with shooting (but there’s nothing wrong with that I suppose), and a bit of jealousy people are jumping on his shooting suggestions.
Bill: Idk. It rubs me the wrong way.
Bill: It doesn’t actually matter I guess.
Elfriede (Tom): Nono
Elfriede (Tom): I'm asking why it's annoying
Aldus (Jess): the attitude? i think hes just really passionate about shooting.  i think you are making it a competition when it isn't
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ye, never fear. is he located closer to people? maybe their schedules are more convenient?
Bill: Why? I thought those were why.
Bill: He’s a student so has more time. I dunno. Feels like people are more willing to work with him (but he’s asking for people so that could be it). It’s not about the shooting itself... definitely more of the social implication.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i don't think people seem any more willing to work with him than they do you. i'm only looking at stuff from 10am onwards so i could be missing a ton of context but it just seems like they suggested an idea and a couple of people were bouncing off that idea.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): oh golly i wish they used a folder or online link for those photos ; u ;
Bill: Yeaaaaah
Bill: Oof I’m already annoyed, if I try and suggest it it’ll definitely come off passive aggressive.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): why would a photo channel be bad? u could show off more too
Bill: I post gallery links. Every photo doesn’t need to posted directly to discord.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): a photo channel could be nice for links too. if you're worried about the number of channels then one could be deleted, like mystic mess. private channels in a big discord worry me.
Bill: It’s not my call. I just hate excessive channels.
Aldus (Jess): it has about the same as aurii
Aldus (Jess): im not in any other servers so i cant really compare tho
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): beef has a channel just for saying the word 'beef' and for copypastas. i'm in a few servers ~~though 100% inactive~~ and aurri/bne probably have less channels combined than any other server
Bill: You don’t know how to navigate after a certain point. And I meant what I said that a server should have lots of conversation about something to warrant the channel first.
Afina (Georgia): i hate excessive channels too, i would say just post them in announcements like normal
Bill: We started cons because we flooded General with con talk way back when.
Bill: Not if he intends to post *every single image individually*.
Afina (Georgia): i mean we dont use announcements that much
Afina (Georgia): idk i didnt want the animals channel but majority wins
Afina (Georgia): hes kind of a pushy guy, and a little awkward about it
Afina (Georgia): not a bad person but pushy
Bill: THANN YOU
Bill: Exact kind of channel that’s just useless space.
Bill: The pushiness is getting to me.
Afina (Georgia): He has good intentions
Afina (Georgia): He’s excited to not feel lonely for the first time in a while
Afina (Georgia): The people he used to shoot with live in VIRGINIA
Bill: I know. I don’t hate him for it.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): out of context quotes is a good and fun idea but it's not used very often, wouldn't a photo channel be similar? (i don't wanna start drama hh and i don't mean this as a fighting thing i just think a photo channel would be convenient but i'm not murdering to have one)
the animals chat was unnecessary yeah but it seems popular.
Afina (Georgia): Idk I get it
Afina (Georgia): Like when meg suggested formal Pyrrha I had a pang of like “but I do that” until I backtracked and was like lol fuck it
Aldus (Jess): i think we could get rid of some lesser used channels
Bill: ~~You wanna do formal photos~~
Afina (Georgia): I wanT A FORMAL JAUNE THAT DOESNT FORGET HIS S H O E S
Bill: Moot point, I know how busy you are and respect that. I expect you’ll tell me when you’re able to do shoots.
Bill: Hehe.
Afina (Georgia): Yeah October is shot
Afina (Georgia): Which makes me nervous cause I wanna shoot with Casey before ethan steals her five ever
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): my jaune wasn't allowed into the ball because of his shoes lol
Afina (Georgia): Hals dress was too short one time so he had to change so he was late, he had an emotional fit the next time so he was late, he forgot his shoes another time so he was late
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): oof that dress code
Afina (Georgia): He’s a scatterbrain, through and through
Bill: Yup.
Bill: He really sucked at showing up on time.
Afina (Georgia): Idk the fact that meg is pretty and funny and party girl and also cosplays Pyrrha rubs me the wrong way when I’m having a bad day
Bill: ~~No excuse for Katsu imo~~
Afina (Georgia): But if I check myself it’s whatever
Afina (Georgia): Idk what happened at Katsu tbh
Afina (Georgia): He just had some kinda mood
Bill: * also pretty and funny. You are as well.
Bill: He was in a mood all *weekend^, the formal was excessive.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ~~all of y'alls cosplay makes me feel like a horrible failure and i always feel far out of the loop because y'all are doing cool stuffs together but also i'm really happy for y'all and want to see more because y'all amazing~~
~~I think your pyrrha is better than meg's because u work on that wig stylin'~~
Bill: WE LOVE YOU AND AS SOON AS YOU COME HOME YOU'LL BE A PART OF ALL THOSE PLANS
Bill: COME HOME NOW THAT WORKS FOR ME.
Aldus (Jess): MAWISA NOOOO WE MISS YOU SO MUCH
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i can be the ugly one that makes everyone else look better <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: ~~that's me~~
Aldus (Jess): ok but since we all voicing insecurities tonight
Afina (Georgia): *sucks Marisa into hug like a black hole*
Aldus (Jess): ~~i feel sad that everyone seems to react more to eriks are then mine in the inktober channel~~
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): YEAH i noticed his were really oddly popular but urs are gorgeous
maybe because they shippy pictures?
Bill: BNE is obsessed with all the BNHA stuff right now.
Aldus (Jess): ye but i post deku the other day and got NOTHIN
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): whaaaaa
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): brb
Aldus (Jess): kinda dicouraged me that why i feel a day behind
Bill: I admit, I've been marking the channel as read for the last few days.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ***it's precious***
Aldus (Jess): yea i mean it fine ~~i just crave validation cuz im v. insecure about my art~~
Aldus (Jess): TANK MAWISA 😭
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): we're gonna hold a private art gallery for jess with mini sandwiches served on trays by roaming waiters where everyone can admire her work and a fantabulous glamour shoot for georgia with fancy falling flowers and exquisite backdrops
Afina (Georgia): Yeah I haven’t looked at inktober tbh
Bill: I just haven't been paying attention ~~mostly cause Hal Meg and Erik won't stop with the BNHA~~ but I'll look more.
Aldus (Jess): oh no thats terrible do not do that
Bill: I did encourage you from the start, I shouldn't crap out on you.
Afina (Georgia): Yeee we will pay more attention now 👌
Aldus (Jess): na, im not blaming you guys it just something ive been hyper paying attention too
Afina (Georgia): Tbh hal sayin he needs more content made me laugh
Afina (Georgia): Cause I was the one who encouraged him to GET content
Afina (Georgia): Now he’s gotta do it on his own
Afina (Georgia): And he’s like fuck I have nothing to post
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): hubris
Bill: Like he'll remember to post it anyway.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): [takes a picture of him saying he needs more content] [captions it 'the downfall of mankind']
Afina (Georgia): LMAO
Afina (Georgia): yeah he’s not a poster
Afina (Georgia): Idk stuff I used to find endearing is like annoying now
Afina (Georgia): Love is ROSE COLORED GLASSES YALL
Afina (Georgia): Don’t do love it’s a drug
Bill: >.>
Bill: ~~can't even deny it~~
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): why love real people when anime exists
Afina (Georgia): Mood
Afina (Georgia): Brb marrying 2B
Afina (Georgia): I’m actually playing Nier as like a 20 min destressor and my suitemate was like “is this kingdom hearts?”
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): "yes"
Afina (Georgia): ANYWAYS yeah we all got some salt with BNE I think right now
Aldus (Jess): na i not salty, just insecure.
Aldus (Jess): i feel like some people get more attention than others but im not that entertaining so is ok
Afina (Georgia): ~~meg always gets attention~~
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i kind of agree. i feel like most of the things i post there get ignored by anyone outside aurii, but then again i post novels.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): how long did people know each other irl before bne?
Bill: It's not a close knit server, despite the fact we treat it that way.
Bill: It's technically a what, acquaintance level server. Everyone's met in person and knows each other's names, but it's on the level of like, an anime club.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ~~i also have the bad habit of changing topics during discussions sorry~~
Bill: I wouldn't invite everyone in an anime club to my house.
Bill: Never change Mawisa.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): that sounds like one of those 90s safety ads
"you wouldn't invite an *anime club* to your house."
Bill: That it's a 'club' server is why I've considered inviting Erik and Leanna to our server eventually.
Aldus (Jess): "you wouldnt download a car"
fuck yea i would
Bill: This is a server for people I've vetted and trust.
Afina (Georgia): Me, partway through inviting them all to my house: y-yeah
Bill: I'm starting to get a good feeling with those two.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): this server better be quality what with the insane fee i pay every month to access it
Afina (Georgia): BTW thanks bill for saying you’ll be at my house the last weekend in October
Afina (Georgia): Without publicizing the party
Afina (Georgia): Very discreet, much appreciated
Bill: great minds.
Bill: I was about to say in regards to your Me: post:
Bill: Yeaaaaah, so I always was bothered on your behalf when Rei would invite the server to your house. It's not Rei's right, and you have the right to vet who can come to things.
Afina (Georgia): I mean I invited almost everyone
Afina (Georgia): Not hal cause obviously
Bill: This was back for the first time you did something.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): omg someone would invite people to your house??
Afina (Georgia): I’ve given up on meg and Lissy cause I’ve invited them like three times to things and got no reply each time
Bill: Maybe cosplay workshop.
Bill: Like, just the action of Rei inviting people without consulting you.
Afina (Georgia): Eh
Bill: I *hate* that.
Afina (Georgia): Rei is the type to just follow after my successes I think
Afina (Georgia): Not gonna lie it’s always been that way
Afina (Georgia): I didn’t invite ryan this time around either cause he hasn’t made the last few events :/
Bill: If you're okay with that, it's fine, that's basically what I assumed... But since we were talking about it I always felt that way.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): is there a train from south jersey to north jersey
Bill: No. =/
Bill: Phili to NY.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): nj public transit sucks
Bill: Maybe you can force Andrew to finally come up and see me.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): does andru drive
i do but it's horrifying torture
Bill: He does.
Bill: His car crappy tho.
Afina (Georgia): We gotta ship Marisa back here damn
Afina (Georgia): We need all The Goods™️ in one place
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): shows up at georgias house to invite myself over
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): THAT REMINDS ME of a thing i got really angry about for a moment but hten i forgotOH I REMEMBER NOW
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): like only 1/3 of the letters i send anymore are reaching the us
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i will write 30 letters for all of u and maybe 1 will reach
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): science experiment
Bill: Really? =/
Bill: I mean, international mail sounds like a shitshow but it's that bad?
Afina (Georgia): I never got my Marisa letter 😭
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ye. it used to be fine and everything would show up great. but i don't think any of the stuff i sent to georgia's po box arrived, and i mailed 4 letters at once one day (tom's birthday card which I don't think he got? and letters to my mother, my sister, and then my aunt and uncle who were the only ones to get theirs.)
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): YEAH SEE
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): THIS IS POSTAL THEFT
Aldus (Jess): YEA we never gots it 😭
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i have a special card set aside for u georgia. am saving for your alcohol birthday. top special. but i'll try and get a replacement tom card.
Afina (Georgia): Okie thank 🙏
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): what if someone invited people over to your dorm room without asking. then you could tell your roommate like "idk i didn't invite them so it's not my fault"
Afina (Georgia): She hasn’t been here the last three nights! Not tonight either!
Bill: woohoo.
Aldus (Jess): niceee
Afina (Georgia): Good for studying
Afina (Georgia): Maybe I scared her off
Bill: Hopefully.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): georgia school of ancient spook techniques
Bill: ~~maybe me posting a gallery will give a Hunter a clue how to share photos~~
Elfriede (Tom): the the card thing is so sad 😦
Elfriede (Tom): im sorry that your cards keep getting lost 😦
Elfriede (Tom): that super sucks..
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): sowwy u didn't get your card in ur birth month. when i first came to japan in 2010 none of the cards we sent reached either. weird.
like, i know it works because stuff has reached the destination before. BoJo has gotten stuff from me and jess got her card. so what goes wrong??? a mystery
Bill: Thieves.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i was clearing out my big bookbag to pack and there was a maid headdress in there. oops.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): life be like that sometimes
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): <@!184437198865563648> HOW U FIND ME AND FOLLOW ME ON FLICKR
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): spoky
Bill: *you linked a gallery tied to your account*
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): how in the world did you manage to track down my account
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): find my username
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): what a conundrum
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): truly kaito kid
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah it's so odd
Aldus (Jess): how can i ahve so many costumes and not know what to wear for halloween
Elfriede (Tom): YEAH BOI
