Nokri (Marisa): got my pictures taken today by some Jehovah's witnesses who then tried to get me to go to their bible study.
Bill: Jesus loves reincarnated kings.
Nokri (Marisa): iphone makeup apps are true magic
Nokri (Marisa): Low quality zoomed in pics 
Anime is real and precious
Nokri (Marisa): i especially appreciate when the ride was mainly full of regular people with like 1 or 2 cosplayers mixed in the middle or on the end. that's aesthetic.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): 🙌
Elfriede (Tom): 🙌 🙌 🙌
Aldus (Jess): *adds up what it would cost to put together raven*
*googles ko-fi*
Bill: Easy to setup.
Aldus (Jess): i mean i feel bad about it cuz i have enough money to buy my stuff but i feel guilty spending so much money on cosplay at the same time
Bill: Can't help you there.
Aldus (Jess): wasnt asking for it, just explaining how i feel about it
Bill: I'm just sympathizing. I already agonized on it.
Bill: You might actually get money tho.
Aldus (Jess): yea but... im also not big on the reason that is
Bill: not following.
Bill: Also I feel like if you did a kofi goal you'd find it stressful that people now expect you to finish that cosplay.
Aldus (Jess): i feel like id gat money, but only cuz im a girl
Aldus (Jess): and that feels dirty
Bill: Ye, no, that's exactly it.
Aldus (Jess): to me personally, like for alot people it makes sense cuz they dont have the money to fund their stuff so yea go for it but the combination of that and the whole "I can technically afford this" makes we feel weird about it
Bill: Depends if you want to bank on there being real fans of yours who want to support your cosplay.
Bill: and to be fair, creeps are also cheap.
Aldus (Jess): I dont *need* to bank on it tho
Bill: I mean bet on the people who are supporting you are doing it to support you, not cause you woman.
Bill: As for not needing it...
Aldus (Jess): i mean... alot of people have them
Bill: I don't either?
Bill: I opened it to give anyone who wanted to do something to show their support the option.
Bill: and the extra income is supportive, every dollar counts to a cosplay.
Bill: So it's a real way to help you without like, people *actually trying* to help you.
Aldus (Jess): hmmm true 🤔
Bill: If you're comfortable with that...
Bill: Then you have to rectify that there may be a few people who support you cause you purty.
Bill: But that's the same with follows. Some of them are there for swimsuits, others for you as human.
Aldus (Jess): lol i already amuse no one follows me cuz im human, sept the ones that are real friends
Bill: Nah, there are people who follow for content.
Bill: ~~why do you think I have 300 followers~~
Aldus (Jess): i ALSO dont want my friends buying me ko-fis when they could be working toward their own goals
Aldus (Jess): content= tit
Bill: Yeah, just growl at your frients.
Bill: That's what I did.
Bill: no, *content*. Like, your work and you as a person.
Bill: No one is following me for the swimsuit selfies.
Aldus (Jess): coffee wars, how about Ko-fi wars
Bill: So those, lets say 150 I've never met, content followers.
Bill: Ko-fi wars: who can spend the most on other people?
Aldus (Jess): people are folling me for me 10:30 pm pizza selfies and my bad drawings
Bill: ye
Bill: weird right.
Aldus (Jess): lmao yea right
Aldus (Jess): i actually dunno why people follow me sept "wow gurl in costume" my stories arnt that entertaining XD
Bill: You and Tom are gay as fuck and everyone loves watching it?
Aldus (Jess): idk y tho
Bill: cause it beautiful.
