Afina (Georgia🍀): IM LOVE IT
Afina (Georgia🍀): 10/10 would mercy stab
Afina (Georgia🍀): :V
Aldus (Jess): OH THANK
Nokri (Marisa): i miss christina she was such a great cosplay buddy uwu
Elfriede (Tom): Where'd she go 😱
Nokri (Marisa): canada 🙀
Nokri (Marisa): she on her way to bein a famous voice actress now
she's the reason i almost became an idoru
Elfriede (Tom): Oh nooo 😱 canadaa
Nokri (Marisa): it's miku's birthday and i don't have a single decent picture of any of her costumes i'm a disgrace
Nokri (Marisa): ikr. *canada*.
Nokri (Marisa): except the one above but idk if christina would be ok with me posting a picture with her in it on public media
Nokri (Marisa): lol
Nokri (Marisa): more throwback
Bill: Yeee!
Elfriede (Tom): What con were you Mia at?
Bill: That was fun.
Nokri (Marisa): kogarafest? right?
~~i haven't cosplayed miia but if i cosplay a monster girl i wanna be bird girl~~
Bill: Kogara ye.
Elfriede (Tom): ~~Mia~~
Nia
Nokri (Marisa): was originally cosplayed in 20...................14? i think? for animenext and then i lost the skirt and butchered the wig to make nowi so i remade the skirt and wig
Elfriede (Tom): 😮
Bill: Throwback to Leanna V Marisa in the cosplay contest.
Bill: ~~and then some dragon ball guy won~~
Nokri (Marisa): the guy who grew a tree from a young sapling to cut it down for the wood for his mega giant sword owo
Elfriede (Tom): Look what happens when I Google kogara fest
Nokri (Marisa): cosplay contests are frustrating because people make GORGEOUS stuff and u know you can never compare to them <:rip:369476083248267274>
Nokri (Marisa): wot
omg twitter is where i got my picture too!
Elfriede (Tom): Id never do a cosplay contest <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elfriede (Tom): Fucc that
Nokri (Marisa): at animenext's contest last year the person who won the novice category was in no way a novice, they were in college for costume design and everything and it was their job. they had the absolutely most beautiful costume, it was such a work of art. everyone was salty because they were like "it's *too* beautiful. that's craftsman level not novice" lol
Nokri (Marisa): tomu come enter the katsucon contest with me
Nokri (Marisa): bring jess
Bill: Yeah, the contests I’ve seen there’s plenty of bias towards popular shows, or looking at the result rather than the work quality.
Bill: you need a wow factor.
Bill: I don’t think it’s worth it.
Nokri (Marisa): which ones? most are usually aimed at work quality but having a wow factor does help
Bill: Saikou, Kogara, kinda. All smol bois.
Bill: Glad to see we’re the only people to post photos from Kogara.
Nokri (Marisa): i want to enter zenkai's but seeing as I chill out with most of the judges i'm most likely not eligible. if judges know the person being judged their vote doesn't count. 
i don't know about saikou but kogara was mainly visual ye
Nokri (Marisa): most contests are closed room and judges will ask to examine your costume. with permission of course but they'll go up and touch everything and flip your skirt up to make sure it's hemmed properly and check the seams.
Bill: If I remembered to tag my posts with con names we’d have all 9. Rip.
Nokri (Marisa): you get between 5 and 10 minutes depending on how many people are competing to make a case for your costume and explain how ya made it
Nokri (Marisa): *time to post more*
Bill: *”the runner up” dude sounds like a tool*
Nokri (Marisa): he does have the poof sleeves tho
runner up could have totally been omitted ye
Elfriede (Tom): Sounds fine to me
Nokri (Marisa): maybe just "here with lipstickgiraffe"
Nokri (Marisa): here with the squad
Elfriede (Tom): He's the training Gohan from the king Kai arc i think
Elfriede (Tom): I've never heard that called z sword but
Nokri (Marisa): i never realized until today but goku's voice is really weird in japanese
Nokri (Marisa): or was it gohan
whoever is in the new movie where everyone is fighting broly
Nokri (Marisa): no yeah it's goku why is his voice that
Nokri (Marisa): if i finish katarina in time for katsu i'm gonna enter her for the fun of it but katsu is insanely competitive so it'll mainly be to chat with people in line
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah it's goku
Elfriede (Tom): Goku and Luffy have really good original voices
Nokri (Marisa): why they do that
Nokri (Marisa): ~~OH or if katarina is horrible I can redo the tails and trim on lucina~~
Nokri (Marisa): you can walk across the stage for like .2 seconds and gossip behind the scenes it's fun
Elfriede (Tom): *con gossip*
Nokri (Marisa): mostly making bets on how many times uptown funk/gangnam style/despacito will be used in a masquerade skit
Nokri (Marisa): sometimes they give us finger sandwiches but it's rare
Aldus (Jess): the rare finger sammish
Elfriede (Tom): I think Gangnam style is too old now but
Elfriede (Tom): Maybe I underestimate the nerds
Nokri (Marisa): A foolish thing to do. 
[puts on fedora] *you have no idea what we’re capable of, normie* 
Anime fans grab your waifu pillows
Gamers grab your games
Nokri (Marisa): Tom your nerd side will have to fight the side of you that makes fun of nerds
Elfriede (Tom): But that's so small
Bill: Lulu started a new account.
Bill: "daringinthefranxx".
Bill: Oh, to be a preteen and think your original.
Elfriede (Tom): Oof
