Afina (Georgia🍀): _At last_, Afina thought, surveying Trisp from the hilltop. The town was smaller than she had expected, but the sight of the long-awaited monastery was a relief. The town itself seemed to be built around the monastery, like accessories to the religiously iconic building. A light breeze tousled the princess’ hair as stared at the monastery. _Don’t forget that Trisp already has a light prodigy in its mists, and that you’ll be directly disobeying your father after your time here has concluded_, Afina thought, the negative sentiments nagging at the back of her mind. She glanced over at Elfriede as he stepped up to the hilltop beside her. Standing beside her, she took his hand in her own and squeezed lightly.

Afina sighed. She couldn’t think about her competition in Trisp; Whoever it was, she would be able to best them in light magic combat. She was more than qualified to do so. In Callora, they had always announced her as the “Lady of Lumosity” and “Light of Laera”. Could any _other_ light mage claim such a prestigious title? And perhaps thereafter, the Cardinal would impart upon her the knowledge that should couldn’t find in the largest of libraries back home. Such knowledge that could lead her to, one day, surpass the Cardinal in magic capability. The princess was confident that this visit would hone her light magic techniques beyond anything she had learned in Laera. _Laera..._ Afina thought. Her father knew she would blatantly disobey him, he even conceded to as much. And though she would continue to write, many of her accounts would be false for the remainder of her travels after Trisp. Perhaps she could trust Itory to relay falsehoods to her father, as she sent the real details of her travels to such a faithful servant. Afina would have to figure such a crucial detail out later.
Afina (Georgia🍀): “Come along Elfriede, let’s get to the bath house. The faster we rinse off, the faster we can get to the monastery,” she beckoned.
---
Soon after washing off, Afina and Elfriede stopped at a local eatery for Eraian food and a chance to relax before an undoubtedly busy time spent studying light magic at the monastery. As Elfriede ate his own meal, Afina began to write to her father to update him on their travels. _He requested correspondence, after all_, Afina thought, taking out her pen and ink. 
```
Dear Father, 
Elfriede and I have safely arrived in Trisp. After nearly three weeks of travel we have arrived in the small town of light magic. The monastery’s presence is very much felt here; it physically composes nearly half the town. The streets are lively without being bustling, and the people are quite friendly. It is truly a tranquil place to study light magic. 

As I write to you now, Elfriede and I have stopped for Eraian food at the marketplace, before setting off for the monastery. It is my hope that the Cardinal will be able to teach me things that Master Witella was unable to master himself. Because our papers provide for it, it seems to be that my escort and I will be staying within the walls of the monastery itself, which will surely prove to be an interesting experience. 

Another letter will follow soon, provided that my experiences at the monastery are both rewarding and challenging. 

Though I am far away, I bid a kiss to the forehead of every Laeran.

Sincerely, 
Afina Tyndall
Light of Laera
```
Afina (Georgia🍀): As Afina sat up from her letter, she saw Elfriede quickly look away. _Had he been… trying to read what I wrote?_ she wondered. “I didn’t write anything particularly special, if that is what you’re wondering,” Afina stated, turning the letter to the knight. “Just that we arrived safely. Ah, and this part is to remind every Laeran citizen that I am protecting them. I see how such a gesture may be limited to my own cultural influence.” The princess said, pointing at the line in her letter. “For example, if our roles were reversed, and it were I protecting _you_, the first thing I likely would have done once we met was k-.” Afina cut herself off as the server brought their food, realizing how such a phrase may not have the same meaning in Eraia. 

“Nonetheless,” Afina continued as the server departed. “It’s a common gesture, and its meaning transcends all social classes. Parents kiss their children’s foreheads, spouses kiss each other’s, nobility will kiss their subject’s.” Afina leaned in close with a coy smile, speaking in a hushed whisper. “If those nobility are worth anything they should, at least.” 

Afina sat back with a laugh. It felt good to be teaching Elfriede a thing or two about Laera, especially when she had much more of a familiarity with his homeland than he did with hers. And to speak to another noble who would understood the humor of poking fun at others within their class? Even better. The princess truly felt she was getting the relaxation that she needed before throwing herself back into her studies.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: During their travels for the next several days Elfriede found himself lost in thought while traveling. They spent each night close to each other until the day they crested the last hill and Trisp came into view. The bitter sweet site marked the end of their journey. Afina took his hand in hers as they shared the moment of what they had worked towards for nearly a month. Two strangers meeting and overcoming hardships together… along with some others they met along the way. But now it was just them alone, the knight protector and the wayward princess, truly a duo to be reckoned with should you face them with wits or combat.

Faun was excited and happy that they had overcome so much, but he was scheduled to return home after a few days in Trisp to make sure Afina settled in properly. *Then.*,The proud knight had thought. *I will return to find Yuria.* Or so he had thought… now he wasn’t sure. He deeply cared for his sister but based on the information that his parents provided (or lack there of) he had begun to lose hope. *Besides*... He thought as his eyes found their way to his companion’s smiling face peppered by strands of blonde hair being blown by the wind. Faun felt more conflicted then he ever had.
---
After bathing, they ate Erain cuisine together and Afina wrote a letter home. Elfriede glanced over out of curiosity, which she had lightly scolded him for, peppering her response with some joke about Eraian nobility. Which he smirked at and scoffed jokingly.

As she returned to writing, Faun stared at her, examining her features, feeling as if up until this trip he had been blind to his beautiful companion. Faun thought *maybe* he would stay a few extra days in Trisp before heading back to Lyall.

Soon she finished her letter and she was ready to head over to the monastery. Elfriede truly hoped she would find what she was looking for here and Eraia didn’t disappoint her.
Bill: The monastery of Trisp is beautiful in it's simplicity. It's large doors are decorated with raised ridges in the wood, weaving a complex pattern into the door that all the while blends in. It almost seems to be designed to reward attention to detail. 

Afina's papers are quickly recognized by the doorman. He only keeps you waiting a moment before a man in clergy garb comes to meet you. With the utmost pleasantries he invites you to follow him to meet the Cardinal you've traveled so far to meet. 

You make your way through the long hallways of the monastery with ease. Others seems to part in the path of your guide, a higher ranking clergyman's right. The place is very clean, the wood floors shine as if waxed and the wall are smooth as glass. You see quite the variety of people, though all dress as members of the clergy. Young and old, even laguz populate the people of the monastery. In some of the open doors you see open rooms with circles drawn on the ground, sitting room with shelves upon shelves of books, and others that look like classrooms. Afina's garb and even Elfriede's Eraian marked armor draw plenty of attention. 

The guide brings you to a pair of double doors and motions for you to enter. Inside are two men, one sitting behind an oak desk and the other standing at his right. 

"Good afternoon, Princess Afina Tyndall of Trisp. I am Morras Raive of Trisp, Cardinal of the Trisp Abbey." the sitting man says. He has hawkish features, narrow eyes that are accentuated by the wrinkles on his face and a slightly hooked nose. His smile is kind though, and he literally welcomes you with open arms, motioning for both of you to enter. "With me is my head Bishop Torin Dean." Morras says, the man to his right bowing in greeting. Torin is younger than Morras, with a baby face despite his good build. His salt and pepper hair goes well with Morras's gray, giving you a familial feeling.
Bill: "My pleasure mi'lady Tyndall, and Knight Lieutenant Faun." Torin says. His voice is deeper than you would have guessed. 

"Lylalel guided you here to us unscathed and it is truly a blessing. She clearly sees much potential in you Lady Tyndall, I look forward to seeing what she knows." Morras says. "Whenever I am restrained by my duties as Cardinal, Torin will take on your hospitality. I shall, as will Torin, to make your stay pleasurable as possible. It's for this reason I've asked him to join us." Morras says. "Now, from your mentors words I know we have plenty to discuss. Have a seat Mi'lady, Lieutenant Faun." He motions to the large leather arm chairs across from his desk.
