Dizzy: Desii didn't have to be asked twice if she'd rather go to the monastery over finding an inn. Everyone who studied magic in any way knew about the Trisp monastery. It was the absolute center of the world for light magic users. Her expectations weren't great though, she knew she wouldn't be staying in this town long enough to apprentice with someone, and light magic certainly couldn't be learned in a day. Still, just the chance to visit such a crucial place in the study of magic set her heart aflutter.
Bill: !ghost Desii didn't have to be asked twice if she'd rather go to the monastery over finding an inn. Everyone who studied magic in any way knew about the Trisp monastery. It was the absolute center of the world for light magic users. Her expectations weren't great though, she knew she wouldn't be staying in this town long enough to apprentice with someone, and light magic certainly couldn't be learned in a day. Still, just the chance to visit such a crucial place in the study of magic set her heart aflutter.
Dizzy: Content to let Eliran lead, as he actually had business with the clergy, Desii bounced lightly in her boots as she waited by the door. This left her off balance as a young woman older than her plowed past her, leaving Desii to fall backwards onto her rear off the side of the stoop of the Monastery. Groaning with familiarity with such a fall, she rolls onto her hands and knees before standing up slowly. She misses Afina's aggression towards Eliran entirely, but catches the tail end of her enthusiastic greeting. Desii walks back around to the front of the stoop to rejoin Eliran as the two chat.
Bill: !ghost Content to let Eliran lead, as he actually had business with the clergy, Desii bounced lightly in her boots as she waited by the door. This left her off balance as a young woman older than her plowed past her, leaving Desii to fall backwards onto her rear off the side of the stoop of the Monastery. Groaning with familiarity with such a fall, she rolls onto her hands and knees before standing up slowly. She misses Afina's aggression towards Eliran entirely, but catches the tail end of her enthusiastic greeting. Desii walks back around to the front of the stoop to rejoin Eliran as the two chat.
Dizzy: "Ah, Hello!" Desii says cheerfully as she steps up the stoop. She gives a wave to Afina in greeting. "It certainly seems like you're a friend of Eliran's, I'm Desii Manette of Hylley." She says, her greeting routine but kind. She quirks her lip halfway through the word Hylley however. She wasn't trying to broadcast her heritage to the Eraians. She shakes her head lightly, the tips of her hair fluttering against her neck.
Bill: !ghost "Ah, Hello!" Desii says cheerfully as she steps up the stoop. She gives a wave to Afina in greeting. "It certainly seems like you're a friend of Eliran's, I'm Desii Manette of Hylley." She says, her greeting routine but kind. She quirks her lip halfway through the word Hylley however. She wasn't trying to broadcast her heritage to the Eraians. She shakes her head lightly, the tips of her hair fluttering against her neck.
Dizzy: "Thank you for taking us inside. If I might ask, do you know of anyone here who may provide some entry level tutelage of light magic? I study Anima and I'd love to learn about light magic while I'm in town." Desii continues, following Afina and Eliran inside.
Bill: !ghost "Thank you for taking us inside. If I might ask, do you know of anyone here who may provide some entry level tutelage of light magic? I study Anima and I'd love to learn about light magic while I'm in town." Desii continues, following Afina and Eliran inside.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina nodded a respectful hello at Desii, hand folded in front of her. “Hello Desii, I am Princess Afina Tyndall of Laera, of the kingdom Callora. Eliran and I have been friends since childhood,” Afina stated, glancing over at Eliran as she she spoke, as if to garner his confirmation. He simply nodded. 

“If you’ll follow me,” she ushered, leading the two inside. Where Afina walked in front of her entourage, she quickly fell into step with Desii as the Hyllian inquired about acquiring knowledge of light magic. Afina threw a quick glare at Eliran, as if to say “why didn’t you tell me” before turning to Desii with a smile. 

“If I were to be frank, I would say to go to my hometown and learn from Master Witella for the most expert teacher. Sadly, that is quite far, and he is under the sole ownership of the royal family. His pupil however… _I_ might be able to teach you. You know, they call me the Light of Laera for a reason. I’m here on prestigious visit myself to hone my light magic skills. I would be glad to instruct you in the ways of light magic. I myself am a pupil of fire magic, perhaps we might be able to trade knowledge.” 

The princess continued. “There is, of course, no pressure to accept my offer. But I find the pupil is meant to be smarter than the teacher in eventuality. For the scholar is the sum of all the knowledge that he has garnered from his teacher,” Afina instructed, almost robotically, mechanically, like she did in her youth. Afina hesitated for a moment, remembering her time spent studying light magic from Master Witella. He had never been a harsh instructor, but he was not one for lavish praise either.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Lost in thought, Afina reflected upon her mentor for the first time in a long while. Master Witella had come to the royal family of his own accord soon after the princess herself had been born. Afina’s father, King Achelous, had been hesitant to appoint a light mage to the position of head instructor, but it was Afina’s mother, Queen Leora, who had insisted. Afina never knew the details fully, but it seemed that such a debate was a point of contention between the two for some time. Nowadays, her parents were both equally proud to have raised the “Light of Laera”, but it was not always the case. Afina had been practicing light magic since the age of ten, and it was only at the age of 17, when Afina returned from university to continue learning from home, that Master Witella once admitted that Afina was the strongest light mages he had ever taught. Surprising and impressing her mentor was always something Afina considered her greatest achievement.

“Anyways,” she said abruptly. “His Bishop’s office is here.”
---
The bright silver crest of the Tyndall family shined on Afina’s cloak as she departed from the monastery with her entourage. It was comforting to know that her family’s crest was once again at her side. The Laeran remembered when Eliran would visit the Tyndall residence as a child. He had a similar family crest, embossed in metal. The sign of the Cantaret family was always a friendly sight for young Afina. Even after the fall of the Eblian nation, the Tyndalls were never hesitant to welcome the Cantarets into their home as guests, and near equals. Something about her grandfather being friends with Eliran’s.
Afina (Georgia🍀): The sun had begun to make its descent in the sky, and the late afternoon chill had begun to seep into the air. The princess drew her cloak up around her. She would have to find Elfriede soon; He would be upset to find out that she had been cavorting with a friend from her childhood instead of making her way back to him. _Especially after I’ve admonished him for straying many times already_, the princess thought sheepishly. “If I may,” Afina declared. “My escort is waiting for me in the market, so if you would like to come along, we can meet with him in a timely manner.”
