Bill: The Cardinal laughs heartily. Despite his age it's a strong laugh, the jolly kind that can make onlookers smile. "You are *most certainly* Witella's student. He had the same streak of curiosity, all those years ago. Got him into a rife of trouble, mind you. Lylalel lit his path from the dark more times than I could count, though I can't imagine anyone else having the ingenuity to take those paths she provided." Morras says. 

"We have four days for your visit, five if you count this afternoon and the day you leave. I apologize we cannot extend that stay, but we have other guests arriving and we'll need the accommodations mi'lady and her knight will be staying in."

"I would be happy to set some time aside to speak with you, though I'm afraid I cannot today. Being a Cardinal of My Lady of Light is a blessing I would not trade for all the gold, time, and books in Aurii, though it does eat at my personal time." Morras continues with a twinkle in his eye. "I shant schedule your time as well, I will present you with options which you may explore on your own. Asides from chats with myself, I offer you shadowing any lecture given here at the monastery, full access to our library and training rooms, Bishop Torin's expertise, and a bed I suspect you'll like scarcely use." 

"My recommendation to you would not be to bury yourself in tomes the next four days. I know that sounds contrary to your goals, but in my experience you can learn greater secrets from other's lessons than from the dust on the spine of a tome." he says with a wink. "Now, lest you have any pressing questions, I'll send you on your way with a tour from Torin. I wish you the best of luck in your studies mi'lady Tyndall."
Bill: - - - - -

Torin points out a variety of the rooms in the monastery as you walk past them. It seems the general trend is lecture rooms reside in the east-west running wing of the monastery, while the practice rooms get full sun on the north-south wing. At this time of day the sun is starting to come from the west, illuminating the rooms naturally via their large windows. The warm wood floors reflect the light into the halls. 

The library is located at the conjunction of the wings, and towers three stories tall. A spiral staircase is the central piece of the library, holding bookshelves set in the areas one doesn't walk on. Every surface of the staircase that's not used for walking space is room for more books, an astounding and unique design. The rest of the walls are, needless to say, book shelves as well. Additionally there is one ring around of standing bookshelves on each floor of the library. 

"The library isn't completely full, I regret to inform you. While our collection is large, this library was built to never truly be filled." Torin comments. 

Small study rooms are scattered about the monastery as well, and offices much like Morras's border the library itself. The sleeping quarters are located above on the second floor of the monastery wings. The north-south wing has larger bedrooms than the dormitory style in the east-west wing. Torin tells you going beyond the first block of that wing is forbidden, as it is where the upper level clergy reside. The guest rooms however, are close to the entrance to the wing. 

As you return to the main level, you pass by a cracked open door on the second floor. Inside is a girl of no more than 13, working diligently at a desk. Her room is bright and colorful, with personal effects strewn about the room. Torin tisks as he sees it.
Bill: "Enera! Has the Cardinal not told you a thousand times to close that door?" Torin barks. The girl inside jumps at her desk.

"I apologize Bishop Dean. It just got stuffy today..." the girl replies sheepishly. Torin seems unamused. 

"Pray to Lylalel I don't tell the Cardinal of this before his evening visit." Torin says, closing the door for her. "I apologize mi'lady, children are how they are and we occasionally must raise our voice to teach them the correct way of things." he says with a slight bow of apology.

- - - - -

"That is the extent of our home. It is not exactly humble, yet we describe it humbly." Torin says. "While I would love to see your ability for myself so I may plan my own lecture for you, it is the dinner hour and I'm sure mi'lady and her knight are hungry. In interest of seeing our culture in all it's glory, the Cardinal recommends you take the opportunity to head out into town for meals when you are able. He feels you'll be able to appreciate Trisp at it's best this way." Torin says. He pauses looking over Afina. 

"... I look forward to seeing your technique. The Cardinal speaks highly of you, for one of your age." he says politely. He then bows, and leaves you to your own devices.
