Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Endgame still good second time around
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Nat's death got to me a little more this time though
Bill: You are Nat.
Bill: So.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So I'm getting the feeling she's alive idk what the rest of the mc community thinks
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Since Bruce said he tried real hard to bring her back
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think there might be a chance
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And the DIDNT have a funeral for her
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Equivalent exchange
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Cap brought the stone back
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Tony's death vs nats death
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Perfectly balanced
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Soul for a soul
Elfriede Faun (Tom): As all things should be
Elfriede Faun (Tom): True that too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I mean they had a small funeral for her at the dock
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah it was just so minor 🤔
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But there was no body to provide and her only family were who was already there
Nokri (Marisa): "ehh, her death was years ago." <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I caught the dab this time
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I missed it the first time because I thought he was just pointing at the kids as they left but then I heard him say "Dab!"
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH THE BEST SCENE
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So maybe it was like a "how do you do fellow kids" kind of thing where he tried to do it but not quite correctly
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEAH i missed it too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I'm listening to the opening song from Endgame (Dear Mr. Fantasy) and someone in the YouTube comments section pointed out that it's one of Starlord's songs because it's playing in his ship and oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, second time around I had more appreciation for Thicc Thor
Aldus Larian (Jess): my poor boy 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): maybe because I finally saw Dark World the other day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): even though I was kind of falling asleep through it...
Bill: oof I read that as poor boy because he's thicc.
Aldus Larian (Jess): no poor boi cuz PTSD
Bill: yeee
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the whole *"I'm still worthy"* part got me this time
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I read a few discussions after the first time seeing it about how important it was to show that you still have self worth through your depression
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the only thing i wish theyre done different with thor is not make him comedic relief for being fat and going through it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its an important message and i think it wouldve been better received if he was portrayed as like austin powers fat bastard comic relief
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i saw a few people say the same
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): to show his true depression over loki and losing his fellow asgardians, from PTSD, from feeling like he failed.

but then still being worthy
Bill: I dunno if I'd want "he's fat cause he's sad" taken seriously. I liked the comedic part, at least in regards to being fat. Felt very... normal, and the team not really caring and poking fun like friends would was... nice. It's like they wanted Thor, not Ripped!Thor.

Absolutely they could have focused more on his PTSD, but lots of characters in endgame to spend more time on.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): him being fat isnt the bad thing, it's that they used him as a "funny fat guy" trope which im really not super excited about
Bill: Oh yup we're on the same page.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yee, i think they relied too much on the "this guy is fat and thus must be the butt of the joke" trope wayyyy too much, but the rest i think was nice
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats pretty much my only complaint about endgame xD
Bill: Eh. I wasn't terribly offended, and that's literal my body.
Bill: ~~speaking of Thor~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=encBEratiak
Bill: I've written two lines of code this morning, this isn't helping.
Bill: Oh wow this clip for original iron man is making me sad he's dead.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I bought a couple used MCU movies the other day and was able to get the original Iron Man. Def want to rewatch it
Bill: Stark is goals.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really want to watch 2 and 3 also because I think I've only ever seen them once... in theaters... all those years ago...
Bill: Snarky, highly competent, fun loving...
Bill: I love the roguish character type.
Bill: God I'm going to miss Tony.
Bill: He caused half the problems for the MCU, but he's just. Iron man.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I've actually seen none of the iron mans
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I've seen all the mcu movies cept ironmans and antman
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh and Spiderman homecoming I supoose
Bill: Same reason I love Quill so much.
Bill: Interesting; AU where there's a different Stone Ronan uses in Guardians one.
Bill: Like, Time stone or something.
