Andrew: 
Bill: I have. Finally.
Bill: Seen endgame.
Nokri (Marisa): did you catch the dab
Nokri (Marisa): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): what'd you think of fortnite
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Did you like the rat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): DEAD REDHEADS WOO
Bill: What rat. Rip Widow, rip tony.
Nokri (Marisa): The rat that literally saved the universe
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): The rat of time
Bill: Most important take away: literally put a wig and fake beard on and I’m Thor who let himself go.
Bill: What’s this meme I had to see Tuesday?
Bill: 10 years for that avengers... assemble and I was here for it.
Bill: Family man Tony is amazing and I love him.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ARE YA READY FOR MORE DEATH PICS BILL cause that movie made me love widow more
Bill: You’re going to do her?
Bill: >.>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:rise:557579163511554050>
Bill: Alright. Imma either do Fat Thor at Katsu, or if somehow my build flattens out by then, Hawkeye. ~~I’m aware they both match Georgia but.~~ I’m Canon Body type ™ for Fat Thor and as an archer I’ve always loved Hawkeye.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye I’m gonna widow prob
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): After thor
Bill: Do the two tone hair. It’s amazing.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL sacrifice my soul
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): To accomplish that wig
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I like classic widow tbh
Bill: You’ll need a Hawkeye to do good death shots.
Bill: Not me, in that hypothetical either.
Bill: Cause can’t do both.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Eh. Its been a long time since they were a dou i feel
Bill: What? Hawkeye and Widow?
Bill: They’re usually paired off because humans among heroes, but it’s a minor thing yeah.
Nokri (Marisa): I wanna see a picture of one dangling from a cliff while the other is hundreds of feet below them in a pool of blood
Bill: As for death shots, the drama from that scene is allllll about the outstretched hands and dramatic tangle over the cliff.
Bill: So Hawkeye good.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): that would be a long boi picture
Nokri (Marisa): Nah. Hanging from cliff and pool of blood is where it’s at <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): Panorama
Bill: It’s all about the framingggg
Bill: If she can find a Hawkeye I’ll figure it out.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Finding a Hawkeye is hard oof
Bill: Can still do death shots. Or cheat and get someone to cosplay Hawkeyes arm.
Bill: But good drama comes from the duo.
Bill: Ooooh.
Bill: Other idea, get a soul stone.
Bill: That’d be edgy too.
Bill: Oh I have ideas.
Bill: Ooooh Princeton has architecture that looks like the shrine place....
Bill: Anyway.
Bill: Didn’t realize America’s ass was from the movie.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): :3c
Bill: =T
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: I dunno what’s being reacted too.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Me neither
Bill: =T
