Bill: Rip my enthusiasm.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Why?
Bill: I got hype and thought there was more hype so I over hyped.
Aldus Larian (Jess): About the movie?
Bill: More the cosplanning. But I mean it fine, I'm two weeks late to endgame things and Georgia studying so she ain't talking cosplay stuff rn.
Nokri (Marisa): you can join me and anna rolling around in the dirt if you want
Bill: Furry mating ritual?
Nokri (Marisa): no our characters are trash children
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who's Anna doing?
Nokri (Marisa): bucky
Aldus Larian (Jess): Niceee
Aldus Larian (Jess): I want to cosplay blind catholic vigilante son but I don't know if I could get that outfit or make it cuz it's like leather
Nokri (Marisa): deadpool? :0
Aldus Larian (Jess): No Daredevil lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): But their outfits are really simular
Bill: Could do spandex like Georgia’s ladybug.
Nokri (Marisa): OH RIGHT you were talking about that earlier <:lenny:395307171539189760> ~~ive only seen movies im a fake fan~~
Nokri (Marisa): ladybug is supposed to be skin-tight though, it'd look nicer to have something on top of the spandex unless you're going for skin-tight look
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeaaaa I'm not sure yet?
Nokri (Marisa): my ladybug is spandex and looks weird without shapewear, it's a cheaper option but the tradeoff is that the cheapness shows
Nokri (Marisa): fursuit daredevil
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh plz no
Bill: It’s au anyway, Fem daredevil can be spandex rather than leather.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean ya it *can*
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~but accuracy~~
Bill: You sound like Marisa lol
Nokri (Marisa): if you're sewing all the pieces tho yeah. spandex is a real pain to sew pieces on to, i have to replace a lot of the spots on ladybug's back because they're coming off because i couldn't sew them directly to myself and so they a little wonky. if you sew it, something non-spandex would be easier and more accurate
but if there's a suit online somewhere that's spandex and super cheap then it worth it
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeeee
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wonder if it would even look ok on me <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Nokri (Marisa): ye it'd look cool
Bill: You’ll look great.
Bill: Confidence to wear a skin tight suit tho. Andrew doing it!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean I wore mina
Nokri (Marisa): ~~can we all do a ladybug group. biru mentioned the costume and i can't stop thinkin about it~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I never saw ladybug <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): are u ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): No
Nokri (Marisa): Tom
Nokri (Marisa): TOM
Nokri (Marisa): GET IN HERE
Nokri (Marisa): TOM
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hes playing seikero
Aldus Larian (Jess): He's lost to us
Nokri (Marisa): TOM STOP PLAYING UR WEEB GAMES AND COMFORT JESS
Aldus Larian (Jess): No no I'm fine I was kidding!
Nokri (Marisa): TOM COME MAKE SURE SHE'S KIDDING
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm watching drunk history
Aldus Larian (Jess): It funny.
Bill: Who’d be who in ladybug...
Bill: Tom would have to be Luca cause Jess like dat boi.
Nokri (Marisa): georgia can be ladybug and if i wear my saber wig i could be chloe pretending to be ladybug
Bill: Or you could be Bug and Georgia could actually do Marinette.
Nokri (Marisa): does she have marinette clothes? i don't want people going out of their way to get a whole new outfit
Bill: She's been saying she wants to do Marinette for over a year.
Nokri (Marisa): she already does marinette she has a ladybug cosplay <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like Luca? I don't really know anything about him
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~he got neat hair rho~~
Bill: You like his looks <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i mean he looks better than chat~~
Nokri (Marisa): my ladybug outfit is really bad i think it's better suited for fake ladybug
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lies
Bill: yeah lies.
Nokri (Marisa): where
Nokri (Marisa): oh jess is admitting she likes chat
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't dislike him
Aldus Larian (Jess): Everytime I see an Adrien cosplayer I think it's like pallete swap Yoosung
Nokri (Marisa): that's not wrong
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's cute art
Bill: Adrien looks better than Chat.
Bill: I know they're the same.
Bill: But I think the cat suit doesn't help.
Nokri (Marisa): it helps him emotionally
Aldus Larian (Jess): This discussion no longer has anytging to do with endgame lol
Nokri (Marisa): are you sure
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Bill: It doesn't.
Nokri (Marisa): *are you sure*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ive always wanted to do stormy weather... even though all the villains are like one off characters
Nokri (Marisa): stormy weather got brought back a couple of times didn't she?
Nokri (Marisa): and she's one of the most easily recognizable
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): shes like the only villain design i liked immediately
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its got neo vibes
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but like....***better***
Nokri (Marisa): this could be u!!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it could, but like imagine that but bad
Nokri (Marisa): imagination machine's broken
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): id wear bug if you do
Bill: Was this Leanna’s totally relevant meme?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yes
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oh yeah that scene was cute
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :o.......:D IM STILL WORTHY
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I bought more MCU movies
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Went back to FYE and actually found used ones I didn't have to do the "buy 2 get 1 for $1" deal
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The cashier asked me my favorite Avenger and I said Iron Man
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Glad I didn't say anything else because then I asked if she saw End Game yet and she said no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Could have almost ruined it for her if I said "RIP" or something
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oh damn yeah
