Bill: Googled election results. Unlike the trump election results aren’t all that live.
Bill: Maybe I’m looking in the wrong place.
Bill: But far more boring an election.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): This elections more about the seats in the House of Representatives being up for relection.
Andrew: All 435 seats are up
Andrew: Along with 33 senators
Andrew: Or 34
Andrew: I forget
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye ye
Andrew: 1/3 of them
Andrew: I voted but am way to averse to posting on social media
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Andru if you don’t brag all over social media about it did you really vote
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I Ohio voting
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Wh
What does this event mean
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): When my cousin voted they gave her plates with a hotdog, mashed potatoes, and several pieces of cornbread is that normal
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): “Sorry we’re out of stickers here’s some corn bread instead”
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I get nothing when I vote  😭
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WHY
One hop this time (Tom): yo I WANT CORN BREAD WHAT
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): They ran out of stickers cause I voted 5 mins before close (I had a busy day y’all I sprinted to the polls) but a nice man gave me his
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Idk my locations either just never had stickers or they always run out before I get there
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): That’s nice that’s democracy
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Someone is hoarding the stickers
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Call the White House and complain. They need to make a sticker for every single American. Vermin Supreme wouldn’t do this to us.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm just glad the people in my new town didn't get mad when I went to the wrong table! My home town was always grumpy old people
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): That’s so mean omg 
New town new life like animal crossing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I guess the results aren’t out yet? Every news side has a different result for Jersey
One hop this time (Tom): For our town it was close to 4x the usual amount of voters for the nation so im kinda excited to see how high the turnout was
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Wow they’re gonna need more stickers
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> yeaaaaah it's like a massive peer pressure campaign.
Bill: End goal is what, have the house democratic to oppose republican senate?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): good. food tastes better in a pressure cooker.
Bill: ~~I have no idea why everyone thinks this election is so important~~
One hop this time (Tom): For a lot of people
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): If there are more democrats in the house/senate we can kick trump out of office
One hop this time (Tom): Mainly social media platforms are promoting it and people are mad about trump
Bill: yeee the mad about trump bit.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye the house is leaned republican so alot people wanna swing it
Bill: Gotta give him credit, he's probably motivated more people to vote than anything else.
One hop this time (Tom): And Because people are mad about Trump's and voting the other side is as well to conlunteract
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): The news site I was on literally just refreshed itself and changed the info I was looking at so I guess they’re still counting
Why isn’t everything automated
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): All the old people/vacation communities in NJ are super red
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I just experience anime
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I tripped getting off a bus in front of a crowd of boys
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And they were all waiting to get on
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And they were all like “omg are you ok”
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): That’s your harem now
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I found them, my harem
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Is there an animal among them like a dog or something. Wait for night to see if they turn human
Bill: Add them to the list.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): There were like a solid 10 dudes
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): One of them goes “it’s okay I’ve fallen off a bus before too”
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): THE LIST OMG NO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Dayum
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Ooo that’s a good number. Covers the base stereotypes and a few extras. The one who sympathized must be the boy next door type.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): TRUE
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): The race is your harem occupants trying to win affection
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): What’s wrong with this survey. Why are there no other surveys for non white and non college degree holders
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): “We asked this key demographic of WHITE DUDES WITH COLLEGE DEGREES because who cares about anyone else this is America”
~~not jabbing at the white dudes with college degrees here but the media who sees no problem with this~~
Bill: HOW DAreI don't care.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I’m sorry to hurt your feelings and personally attack you
Bill: ~~would the lurkers here (the ones without a color role basically) even notice if I kicked them?~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~probably not do they even use discord~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Get out a ouija board and ask but be super careful
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oof
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's a scary map
Bill: The colors confuse me.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the red color is red and the blue color is blue
Bill: SHIT ye.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Red is republican blue is Democrat
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): purple (or sometimes green? whatever isn't blue or red) is independant
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no donkey emoji this is discrimination
One hop this time (Tom): Lmao Yee, ofc small cities count more yata yata
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): maryland is shaped funny
Bill: We’re still blue in the senate so.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): woah georgia's sticker is blue that's neato
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ye right now we are 👍 it keeps flipping but i'm seeing more blue
Andrew: got a long night for it
Andrew: love how hawaii ajnd alaska wont be done til lkike midnight
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): tehehe election result slumber party
break out your nail polish and snacks
Andrew: magic numbers are 237 in house and 51 in senate
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): @andru
what kind of con it is (video game / anime / sci-fi / mix of everything)
time of year it's at
?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are there Snails or Not
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oo and how many days the con is
One hop this time (Tom): WHAT COLOR NAILS
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it depends on the votes so bring red and blue and we can mix them together for independent states. i hope you have 50 nails to paint.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): my tumblr is trying to tell me something
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo I need a Cubone!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Tom was supposed to give me one
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): tom you're supposed to give her one
Andrew: <@!301927856240459777>  those are good variables
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): variables is a cool word
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): why is the transformers tagline "Robots in Disguise"
isn't that ungrammatical and shouldn't it be "robots in disguises" or "robots in a disguise"
Andrew: dems get house republicans get senate
Andrew: split congress,-pretty much all midterms
One hop this time (Tom): oh wow
One hop this time (Tom): thats a neet coincidence
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that statement has the same power as "ireland wins but krum gets the snitch"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Neat quiz
https://www.theschooloflife.com/thebookoflife/self-knowledge-questionnaire/
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Guys I locked myself out of the house with no car keys 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Someone from work is gonna come get me thoigh
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ARE YOU OK
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is it raining
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): do you have food and water
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are there wolves in your vicinity
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): do you hear them howling
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is it cold
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I am ok
 it is NOT raining for once Thank good
I have coffee and yogurt
No some birds tho
No
A little
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ok that's good that means you can probably survive for 2-3 days
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): deep breaths
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the birds might come after you if they sense weakness so stay strong
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I at work now, my friend picked me up
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wow that was fast
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): are you sure it's not some nature-induced hallucination
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I only live like 2 miles from work
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): powerwalk to work
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Probably could have if I absolutely had too
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): may that never occur
Bill: relavent sponsored ads.
