Bill: I dunno if it's the fact the bartender basically spiked my drink to hell or not, but that's some good edgy shit.
Afina (Georgia🍀): woha
Bill: Be the kind of bartender who, when leaving before her patrons have left, gets tips from everyone before they close their tabs.
Nokri (Marisa): did u guys ever think about how biru has the same name as that science guy
Afina (Georgia🍀): _bill bill bill bill_
Elfriede (Tom): ***always***
Bill: https://www.leocad.org/index.html This sounds really cool.
Bill: Bill Clark the Great White Shark can be said in tune with the Bill Nye theme,
Nokri (Marisa): confirmed because when i looked up "shark emoji" i accidentally typed "snark"
Bill: I still have so much time, damn.
Nokri (Marisa): 7/11 HAS TACO RICE AGAIN
WOO
Aldus (Jess): Whoo!
Aldus (Jess): .60 cent pancakes at IHOP/B today
Nokri (Marisa): wait ihob is real
Nokri (Marisa): question mark
Aldus (Jess): i think it was a publicity stunt
Bill: How would you spend a billion dollars?
Bill: Amazon founder is worth 155 billion. I was talking with visitor guy, saying I wouldn’t know how to spend a billion. 1000 million dollars.
Aldus (Jess): ooo i just saw a post lamenting on how a million seconds is 12 mins but a billion is 32 years
Aldus (Jess): or something like that
Aldus (Jess): id def buy a house straight out, and a few new cars, decorate my house super nice and have my dream bathroom. prob install a pool and hot tub, hire someone to clean that, and my house regularly. and uhhhhhh idk? fund all the cosplay and cons and travel my heart desired and probs never work again
Aldus (Jess): probs pay off my parents mortgage and buy toms fam a new house
Aldus (Jess): help out friends
Bill: Yeah, like, why spend it beyond my means? I'd just keep doing what I'm doing, without working.
Bill: Get myself a place the same way I intend to, no fancy mansion or city high rise or anything.
Aldus (Jess): yea i dont want like a private jet or some shit
Aldus (Jess): honestly id prob end up donating alot or cuz like imma die and its all gonna go no where
Aldus (Jess): that amount is just unfathomable
Bill: It so *much*.
Bill: Granted, before I was working full time 1000 dollars seemed like an unfathomable amount.
Aldus (Jess): use it for schnee family shoots
Aldus (Jess): yea but like a billion? 155 billion?
Aldus (Jess): remember when yu were a kid and you got $20 and it was so excting and now you $20 and your like "oo a dollar!"
Bill: YE.
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~I'm still excited over 20 dollars~~
Bill: you should be right now.
Bill: Ugh. I'm so tired of explaining things. I've been doing it all day.
Bill: One more big thing to go through.
Bill: Then I'm done.
Bill: My throat is sore...
Bill: Also, the guy went for a walk and asked me before I left "Do you have a pool table here?" It's... admittedly a lazy office, but a pool table?
