Bill: Pfft. Someone messaged me about the fake credit card information I posted.
Nokri (Marisa): Did they go on a shopping spree
Nokri (Marisa): the person who stole biru's credit card info is the guy commissioning georgia
Elfriede (Tom): Billiam probably: why is 400 dollars missing...
Nokri (Marisa): this website continues to get more and more beautiful the more i look at it
Aldus (Jess): morning frens
Bill: Zzzz
Elfriede (Tom): Zzzz
Aldus (Jess): yea 😦
Bill: Wow. I had 50gb of *previews* for photos, not even the actual photos.
Nokri (Marisa): it's midnight time to try on costumes
Bill: good plan.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm doing magi with a friend on sunday, but i need another costume for another day. idk if i wanna cosplay all 3 days but at least 2 ya. i'm considering a swimsuit cos because it's literally been over 100 degrees all week, but also that scary.
Bill: understandable dilemma.
Elfriede (Tom): Oo good plan
Elfriede (Tom): It's been really humid here too
Aldus (Jess): is swimsuit cosplay ok there?
Elfriede (Tom): Like crazy, I went into quick check yesterday and the door was soaked by the humidity
Nokri (Marisa): at comiket yeah. i've seen pics and video of swimsuit cosplayers there. there was also a girl in a bikini at choukaigi.

at one of the smaller cosplay events in public it wouldn't be allowed (like acosta), but because comiket is all nerds and the cosplay area faces the sea it isn't a problem
Aldus (Jess): neato
Nokri (Marisa): some people wear really questionable stuff at natsuket
Nokri (Marisa): summer comi
Nokri (Marisa): whatever people cal lit
Bill: is comiket this weekend?
Nokri (Marisa): in august, the weekend of the 11th
Nokri (Marisa): same as otakon
Nokri (Marisa): i think
Nokri (Marisa): if i do my swimsuit costume i have to make a headpiece but that easy. i can pick up the supplies when i get the fabric for morgiana's leg things.
Nokri (Marisa): google how do i get small thighs and lose all stomach fat in 2 weeks
Nokri (Marisa): kale
Aldus (Jess): just eat all kale
Aldus (Jess): nothing else
Bill: If Marisa lost any weight she'd be cosplaying paper mario.
Bill: the waifus are melting. https://kotaku.com/a-warning-to-figure-collectors-during-summer-1827824035?utm_source=Kotaku_Facebook&utm_campaign=Socialflow_Kotaku_Facebook&utm_medium=Socialflow
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH the figures are dying we must save them
~~i gotta lose weight, anime girls are like 5 pounds~~
Bill: Not you too, everyone is beautiful here.
Nokri (Marisa): fight for the right to be ugly
Nokri (Marisa): is that the plot of Dead or Alive Beach Volleyball
Bill: denied.
Elfriede (Tom): Pfft, everyone in this group is gorgeous 👌
Bill: YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): sure, you can say that, you're the prettiest girl
Bill: I don't think so.
Bill: Are you telling me this girl needs to lose weight to be more Anime?
Bill: I don't think so.
Nokri (Marisa): look at that kawaii perfection
Nokri (Marisa): an absolute unit
Nokri (Marisa): omg i need to do leg crunches just to pose for morgiana, if we get a lot of pictures this is gonna be painful
Aldus (Jess): wait
Aldus (Jess): who said tom wanted/needed to lose weight?
Aldus (Jess): i confuse
Nokri (Marisa): biru i think
Bill: I'm establishing he's gorgeous as a yordel.
Aldus (Jess): well duh hes always gorgeous
Bill: Just like Mawisa!
Nokri (Marisa): u misspelled georgia ❄
Bill: 😑
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): ✨ ✨ ✨ ✨ ✨ ✨ ✨ ✨
Nokri (Marisa): my teeth are uneven because in the second grade lauren smashed my face into a metal pole 😃
Bill: IT'S PART OF YOUR CHARM MAWISA.
Nokri (Marisa): have any of you seen magi
Bill: unrelated, I had no idea what I was doing at Konkon'16.
Bill: Man.
Nokri (Marisa): u were chattin' with that guy from rowan
Bill: No?
Bill: I don't think so.
Nokri (Marisa): ye i think so
Nokri (Marisa): someone that knew something about rowan
Bill: Oh man, I'm definitely unimpressed with my early con stuff.
Bill: allll the non aspect ratio crops, ugh, they look so *weird*.
Nokri (Marisa): shoulda saturated
Bill: Hmm... So I started with Kotori'16, then did Sakura Sunday'16, CPAC'16, and Next'16... then Konkon'16.
Bill: Those are all pretty bad.
Bill: Then Zenkai'17, which must have been better cause group shoots got me involved in RWBY.
Bill: Weird. I guess the stars aligned to improve for Zenkai. I'm not sure what got me out of 'snapshots' and into 'trying'.
Bill: *Dear lord I marked this as a success from CPAC*
Bill: *Why*
Nokri (Marisa): s u c c e s s
Nokri (Marisa): because the guy in the background realizing he's a furry
Bill: Remember when Greg cosplayed?
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao
Bill: 
Elfriede (Tom): "oh I guess I'm a furry now... Huh."
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH HE CAME TO THE SAO SHOOT I RAN  good times
didn't he have a harem at animenext
Bill: WAIT you ran the shoot at Next, what, 15?
Bill: When the girls all fought over him?
Nokri (Marisa): i ran it at otakon
Aldus (Jess): whos greg?
Nokri (Marisa): lemme find pics i was sinon but i sat out of a lot of pics to run it
Nokri (Marisa): ah. greg.
Bill: Friend of ours from College.
Nokri (Marisa): is he still alive. he likes my instagram posts sometimes but maybe that's bot.
Bill: fell off the face of the earth after graduation.
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> I found Greg from 2016.
Bill: Okay, Next'16 is where I started to put some thought into cosplay photos.
Bill: Now I see it.
Nokri (Marisa): pic of him dead
Nokri (Marisa): 
Andrew: Nice
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: The girls really do love him.
Nokri (Marisa): u wanna see something funny
Nokri (Marisa): not like 🤣 funny but like 🤔 funny
Nokri (Marisa): i guess u don't <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: found em!
Bill: 
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH THOSE
Andrew: legendary tier
Nokri (Marisa): look it's greg and flora
Bill: Some guy had been like "We should do a picture with all the girls and one kirito" and he was kirito and he thought'd he'd get to be the one. Then one of the Leafa was like "yeah, which is the cutest", looks over the guys, and promptly hugs Greg. Everyone else gets in on it after that.
Bill: Shortly afterwards he got us bumped up 40 minutes on a wait list because the applebees waitress thought he was hot.
Nokri (Marisa): a very beneficial asset
Aldus (Jess): niceeee
Afina (Georgia🍀): If vine still existed i think our "who's sober and wants to go to wawa? ........ tom" video would've gone viral
Afina (Georgia🍀): Cause you can adapt it to anything
Afina (Georgia🍀): Like even fandoms
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Who's sober and wants to go to wawa...... Ren"
Afina (Georgia🍀): And like the rest of team RWBY and JNPR are just laying on the floor while Nora says it
Afina (Georgia🍀): Like it's just so meme-able
Elfriede (Tom): yeah i think you're right xD
Elfriede (Tom): would've been solid 👌
Bill: <@!351785752197201920> <@!351471675843411978> if you get this message... Gord was right...! Delaware doesn’t exist, it’s just a cover for, gods, I don’t know what. 

If I don’t make it back, tell Kurtis... he can’t have my Zune.
Eliran (Halim): Shit who gave him his phone back
Eliran (Halim): Theres nothing suspicious happening here behind the DE border
Elfriede (Tom): i will be sure to tell kurtis that
Elfriede (Tom): <@!350855105123319808> you cant have his Zune
Aldus (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Cell reception is shitty, for reals though.
Bill: I love ending up in these suite hotels for 100 bucks a night.
Bill: Do I need a kitchenette? No. Is it fun to have? Hell yeah.
