Dizzy: You should choose play castlevania
Bill: Dizzy, choose play castlevania, clean room
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): when you see a news article about where you live and you point at it and whisper “that’s me”
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I wanna see
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): this is like 2 minutes away on foot but it's near the red light distract that i try to avoid
https://soranews24.com/2018/11/12/now-is-your-final-chance-to-visit-the-last-sunkus-standing-in-tokyo/
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i hadn't realized sunkus was dying. there were a few in 2016 but i don't like them so much so i never noticed this was literally the last one in tokyo haha oops
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omg so we we're in the store and was in the tampon aisle and this little boy, probably like 5 maybe was with his mom or sister and another woman and he kept saying "tampons are a useful tool"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): he is not wrong
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what store is this
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Stop and shop
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ok if you insist
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮 what does dat mean mawisa?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm going to stop everything and go shopping i guess
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh yes you must
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ok aaaaa
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i gotta clean my pigsty of a room so they can send someone to look at the hot water
hide the cosplay and anime aa
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Uh oooo
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): ahhhhhh
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sends message back: "you should come.... the day after trash day. yeah."
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): maybe that way they can see how other tenants *aren't throwing stuff away properly*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o i found out what that super cute dog pin i got was from. not monster hunter but something called The Kingdom of Dreams and the 100 Sleeping Princes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo it's an otome game?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): given the number of sleeping princes in the title that would make sense 🤔
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): looking at the character names it seems alice in wonderland inspired
unless it came out when all anime had the trend of doing an alice in wonderland episode
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): man that was a thing.
US cartoons had 'shrinking smaller to go inside someone else's body' episodes
anime had alice in wonderland episodes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): black butler still profits from that episode
Bill: Do I say I’m sick and work from home as a mental health day?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): if you want a mental health day do it <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> no shame
Bill: Should have.
Bill: But I’d feel guilty and it’s not like any of my mental problems will be solved in a day.
Bill: @everyone we got frost this morning. Y’all leave the house later than me but go defrost your cars. I almost missed the train cause of frost.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i wonder how long it takes to defrost a train
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): polar express
Bill: Good question.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i need more ideas to name you as on instagram
Bill: Shrug.
Bill: “Someone who used to cosplay photos but doesn’t anymore tlt_wm”
Bill: Certainly feels accurate.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): W H A T
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): **W H A T**
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): did you stop
Bill: No. Feels like I did.
Bill: I’ve very little motivation for my camera these days.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): try cosplaying as the camera. become one with the camera.
Bill: Someone did that.
Bill: They were a working camera.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): there you go that's you
Bill: Not a fucking chance.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i asked sam for a shoot during any free time they have to get pictures of any costumes you're not interested in shooting and they sent me a contract lol i forgot about their contracts
Bill: Anyway, Geekdom was shit, between the stalkers and Hunter doing the BNHA shoot I was supposed to, CCE was hard on everyone and the shoots reflected it... I don’t think I’ve had good weather for a shoot in ages.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): woah woah hunter took over one of your shoots?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): like not even annoyingly shadowed like i do but took it over?
Bill: Both cons had no good locations either, so everything just felt half assed.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i thought y'all had fun at colossal what happened
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): tru about the locations
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): just the situation surrounding it?
Bill: Just feel like I haven’t had a good shoot in ages. ~~Which means everyone will leave me for Hunter since being pushy about shooting is totally okay with him  <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>~~
Bill: Colossal was fun.
Bill: And as for Geekdom, Hunter just fit the BNHA people’s schedule better so they shot with him.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i feel like hunter doesn't like me from our limited interactions in BNE (or maybe it's just because they don't know me) (they literally straight up said something akin to "i don't know you" when i was memeing) so come to me if you want to take pictures with a horrible model <:lenny:395307171539189760>
or i can help u be pushy so i can shadow you and be bothersome while taking pictures
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oof
Bill: Hunter’s odd. Nice enough. But odd.
Bill: I’m sure you’ll be fine once you meet in person.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i still dunno if i'm gonna open photoshoots for non-friends at katsu. i'm still upset over jalissa never giving me my pyrrha pics.
Bill: And if not he can go die, cause Marisa is a sweet bean and anyone who hates her is a bad person.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no one likes beans they're gross <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> 
carrots on the other hand. wew
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *wew*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sometimes when i exhale air it sounds like a kettle of boiling water if you listen really closely
Bill: You aren’t even a vegetable. You’re like KitKats. You’re so good you’re candy.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i have these matcha kitkats here and they're too strong. they're not regular matcha kitkats they're like, tea ceremony kitkats and eurhrgnhh. also apple kitkats are strange (not bad just super freaky). roasted soy kitkats are ok though
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): manju kitkats are also hmmmblehjrh
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh here come the shouty food peddler guys who are gonna shout until 2am
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): biru if you're not doing photoshoot for katsu you gotta let us know so i can start booking other photogs <:lenny:395307171539189760>
we relyin' on u
Bill: Of course I’m doing shoots.
Bill: I’m just assuming everyone will ditch me for Hunter in BNE cause whatever.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i got scared
u the best photog we need u
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): noooo
Bill: Tanks.
Bill: Actually with Katsu doing the badge requirement, I might be able to enjoy shooting there. It was so crowded last year I wanted to quit so bad.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i do really hope. it probably won't do too much, but hopefully weeds out the worst of it.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i wonder how many rooms were cancelled at the gaylord due to that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): there's rumored to be a wedding that weekend, and the atrium's gonna be katsucon attendees only. poor wedding.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): though i wish they did this when that jewish teenage convention was going on
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i love how people are still trying to get around it. "does the gaylord room have to be in your name to enter or can everyone in the room enter?"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "this removes the casual atmosphere" *how*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): katsu is gonna be doing a reddit AMA hehe
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): BURN EM
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): BURN THE NON PAYERS
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I'm sorry that was too harsh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Katsu: "you have to but a badge to come to the con"
Entiled ass people:
Bill: Gen posted a meme like that.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): lol i can always tell when my sister pays the phone bill because I get a huge "welcome to japan!" text message
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WELCOME TO JAPAN
Bill: well that's sad. David responded to my story sticker saying he'll be there but didn't take up the shooting suggestion on the story. Guess I can retire.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): He probably left all the shooting up to Sakura San tbh
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Yeah truth
Bill: sigh.
Bill: Suppose.
Bill: A girl from the old rowan anime club responded she's going there.
Bill: We... weren't friends though, and tbh I was pretty sure she didn't like me, so I question why she's not only following me but looking at my stories?
Bill: ~~was she a cosplayer back then. Curiouser curiouser~~
Bill: https://instagram.com/meggsikat_illustration?utm_source=ig_profile_share&igshid=bgnw81er01at
Bill: real shame the anime club at Rowan drove away anyone slightly normal.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): o wow good drawings
Bill: ooooh riiiiight, she was part of the group who were supposed to form the bar nerds group.
Bill: She and her friend blew it off every time.
Bill: riiiight.
Bill: Oh the things I did to try and have friends in Grad school.
Bill: https://www.amazon.com/Cricut-Explore-Air-2-Mint/dp/B01GSOMVRG?ref_=Oct_DLandingS_PC_69e82122_NA&smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER&tag=kinjadeals-20&ascsubtag=ae931be0f6b96895e114f40eea8d10e13854d53a
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my aunt makes some lit holiday cards with that thing
Bill: So it what, prints and cuts out shapes?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you can program it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): to do like any cutom shape
Bill: That's cool but I'm not artsy enough.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): commenters on webtoons can be the worst
like the author of fluffy boyfriend is on hiatus for health reasons and a lot of comments on the most recent chapter are similar to "hey your health is important but also it's been months so when are we getting a new chapter? pls respond."
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "when I'm not dying fuck you"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): same with phantom paradise omg these poor authors
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): People are dicks
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "anyone hoping for a double chapter when this comes back?" no because the author probably can't leave the hospital omg
Bill: Good news, I was able to unwind and play switch on the train.
Bill: Bad news, I didn’t realize the train was super behind schedule.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Uh oh
Bill: Nbd. I’m already on the train so...
