Total Nok-out (Marisa): and then there's TAZ
every other example i tried to come up with fit into one of those categories
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): TAZ is an amazing
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~i always try to get into it but i fall asleep~~
i've conditioned myself to fall asleep to lets plays
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): There's also "my dad wrote a porno"
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Oof :c have you finished the balance arc?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i've gotten............. maybe 15 minutes into episode 2 <:lenny:395307171539189760>
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): HECK 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I listen to TAZ! Extremely slowly
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): YOU HAVEN'T EVEN MET MAGICAL BRIAN
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): 😭😭😭😭
Bill: Yeah, let's plays bore me usually.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Magic Brian is amazing
Bill: Tis what I was trying to find alternatives too.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): TAZ is on another level of let's play
Bill: Commuting is the best time for podcasts Mawisa.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): lets plays don't bore me i love them but i've conditioned myself to go to sleep on them <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i know enough taz to understand most fanart of it
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yesterday i rewatched a bunch of manual samuel lets plays. good game.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): everyone hates the grim reaper but he's so fun
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "The name/tagline of the #1 movie on the day you were born determines your fate"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): https://playback.fm/birthday-movie
Total Nok-out (Marisa): die hard with a vengeance
accurate
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Jurassic Park
Bill: Trying a new podcast on script writing to hopefully improve PbP writing. 

I think these guys are just shitting on tropes for an hour. They don’t really talk about what’s good.
Bill: I miss improv.
Bill: I can hear the improv games under this second podcast I started.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH I JUST REMEMBERED. I had a dream i was giving birth last night
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wtffff
Elfriede of commitment?: Ahhhhhhhhhh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and like not at a hospital? like i was trying some weird hippy thing where you give birth at a camp
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): likw wtf
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): One type of giving birth or pregnancy dream announces that you are ready to give birth to a new aspect of yourself. A higher intelligence with abilities you didn't realize you could summon up is emerging.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): GET READY FOR THE NEW, IMPROVED JESS GUYS
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Ahhhh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): The most common type of pregnancy or giving birth dream remarks on the creative process of taking a creative idea from the drawing board out into the world.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that actually makes sense tho
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): congratulations
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thank you
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i wanna get to school early to try and get free stuff but also tokyo rush hour. ew no way.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i'm not touching rush hour so i'll risk no free stuff if that means i can breathe
Elfriede of commitment?: Ooof
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): <@!184437198865563648> no one's allowed to type in the bnha ooc channel it's forbidden :3c
Bill: OH
Bill: Bookamillion is doing buy 2 get one for manga.
Elfriede of commitment?: Oo nice
Bill: Just started. Not sure how long it’ll run.
