Nokri (Marisa): How did rwby shoot go
Afina (Georgia): Good!
Afina (Georgia): 
Nokri (Marisa): Is that a real giraffe
Nokri (Marisa): Colossalcon has giraffes does cce also have giraffes
Elfriede (Tom): YES
Nokri (Marisa): “Wow nice giraffe cosplay”
Nokri (Marisa): Are people taking bathroom selfies. Is that becoming a thing™ at the con or is that just something the Jojos are doing. 

Not bathroom mirror selfies but selfies and pictures of fully clothed people sitting on toilets
Nokri (Marisa): Who was the guy that said "I can only be my true self in Halo armor" because there is legit someone on my facebook that I'm somehow friends posting pictures in halo armor that say "checking all the fine ladies out" at CCE
Bill: Steelwolfcosplay.
Nokri (Marisa): different guy. fiddlesticks.
Nokri (Marisa): are y'all ready for Con Sunday
Bill: Were managing to pack up on 5 hours sleep.
Nokri (Marisa): that's plenty of rest
Nokri (Marisa): just don't do any toilet photoshoots
por que no los pack up saturday night
Bill: Courtney is weird for doing that.
Bill: We never have.
Bill: Also 3am and post water park and alcohol.
Nokri (Marisa): whaaaaaaaaaaaaat
but it's so much easier isn't it
Nokri (Marisa): sunday morning everyone is using the elevators with luggage
Bill: I can take the stairs with my stuff.
Nokri (Marisa): how many floors does the kalahari have
Nokri (Marisa): omg don't try that at zenkaikon lanie and i took the stairs once and wound up in a kitchen then got lost trying to backpedal and we were stuck in limbo for like 15 minutes until a janitor found us deep in the hotel depths
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao
Elfriede (Tom): Nice
Nokri (Marisa): if that janitor hadn't come along we would still be there to this day
Aldus (Jess): My dumb ass failed to notice the themed drink names at the con lol
Bill: ... what theme?
Aldus (Jess): 
Bill: I didn't see those anywhere. Sure it's not OG Colossalcon?
Aldus (Jess): Nope it was there Rayna was ordering number 2 the whole weekend
Aldus (Jess): This if from Rebecca's Facebook
Bill: ~~guess we have to go back~~
Aldus (Jess): Like I saw the menu but I never looked at it I only looked at the regular one
Bill: Oh, maybe they were in the con center?
Bill: at those bars?
Aldus (Jess): Nope waterpark
Aldus (Jess): Rayna pointed the drink out to me I just didn't know the name and didn't read any of the others
Bill: RIP
Aldus (Jess): Lmao actual proof I was within 5 feet of this menu and didn't see it
Bill: nice!
Bill: ~~looking forward to all them pictures of the squad ya'll took~~
Aldus (Jess): 
Bill: Nicu
Bill: One Rebecca kiss mark and one shaky selfie with Georgia. All I got 😅
Aldus (Jess): Lmao
Bill: ripperoni I tried to get out of going in tomorrow and Gord turned it down.
