Nokri (Marisa): “Hewwo pawents”
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: HEWWWWO
Nokri (Marisa): should i do my project on teaching culture about Halloween or Winter Holidays (christmas/hannukah/kwanzaa/?)
is halloween an important aspect of culture
others are doing theirs on christmas but not other winter holidays is that too much
we aren't actually teaching it it's just hypothetical
Nokri (Marisa): pumpkin react halloween snowflake for winter if u think one sounds better than another. if not i'll flip a coin or something
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: There's no pumpkin 😭
Nokri (Marisa): or what if i did it on restaurants 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): do people still say "hold the ___" when asking to leave food out. like "Can I get a hamburger, hold the lettuce" or something.
I can't english anymore
Nokri (Marisa): or is it more "can I get a burger without lettuce"
Afina (Georgia🍀): both work
Afina (Georgia🍀): "hold the" is more from older dialect
Nokri (Marisa): why do i speak so oldly
im bringing back hip chat u whippersnappers better shape up
Nokri (Marisa): hold the phone
Eliran (Halim): is hold the older?
Bill: Good night. I’m going to miss not waking up to everyone though. 😭
Afina (Georgia🍀): :c
Aldus (Jess): Yeaaaaaa I don't wanna wear normal cloths again
Afina (Georgia🍀): what is skewl
Afina (Georgia🍀): i cant sustain off con food and allergy meds?
Aldus (Jess): The tattoo has been removed the last shred of cosplay has been shed
Nokri (Marisa): the many types of american restaurants:
fast food
cafes
fine dining
italian
chinese
Dave: mexican
Nokri (Marisa): TRUE
Bill: Uguuuuu
Dizzy: GM posts come out today.
Nokri (Marisa): It’s really freaky seeing friends I introduced to other friends hanging out with each other. 
Like y’all with flora and meg. Freaky. I saw on Facebook Alyssa liked a post from flora. My brain automatically goes “how do these people know each other” even though I’m the one that introduced them. It’s so alien. So strange.
Nokri (Marisa): Even family members sometimes like I see a member of one family talking to a member of another family and it’s like. Watching an old Cartoon Network crossover episode like the knd and billy and Mandy special.
Bill: Never hung with Meg, if it helps. I did chat with Flora for awhile Friday night.
Nokri (Marisa): Biru and Meg crossover episode when
Aldus (Jess): I. am. dead.
Nokri (Marisa): Dibs on any leftover hourglasses you have in your mystic mess account if you’re dead
Bill: Pfft. This one guy looked so pissed people were touching him on the subway.
Bill: It’s a fucking subway bro, when it’s crowded it’s like a con room.
Bill: ~~Or Katsu anywhere~~
Nokri (Marisa): send him over here we have people whose job is to push people on the subway platform as the doors close because it's so crowded you have no room to even expand your chest to breathe
Nokri (Marisa): people are spilling out of the subway when the doors open like mentos in coke
Bill: I don’t usually travel rush hour, but I slept later this morning.
Bill: 8 o’clock path trains aren’t too packed.
Nokri (Marisa): 8am tokyo trains <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus (Jess): *rises from the dead to play ray's route*
Nokri (Marisa): ***do it***
Aldus (Jess): cant die yet
Bill: Ha. That girl may have been dressed normally, but I’ll be dammed if those weren’t cosplay boots.
Aldus (Jess): dont talk about me like that
Bill: Shit you right
Bill: All they needed was stars and it’d be star guardian boots.
Bill: All they needed was stars and it’d be star guardian boots.
Aldus (Jess): ooo! neat steal um for mr
Nokri (Marisa): did georgia cosplay yona at next
my friend just uploaded an album of yona cosplayers she found should I search for georgia
Bill: Nope.
Nokri (Marisa): *georgia why*
Bill: Hal didn’t Hak in the mail and Georgia wasn’t going to rush Yona on top of Lux.
Nokri (Marisa): oh cool there were kids next door cosplayers there
*nooooooooooooooooooo why the package so late aaa*
Nokri (Marisa): holy fudge is beacon north paying $250 for a photoshoot
Bill: yeah.
Bill: That's not bad for what we're getting, and it's a large split.
Nokri (Marisa): ಠ_ಠ
Bill: probably going to be 20 bucks?
Eliran (Halim): Funny thing about hak  and the mail
Nokri (Marisa): what does it get you? free roam of the college?
Bill: pretty much, including some excellent interiors.
Bill: I'm sure I added you to the facebook event on principal.
Aldus (Jess): if we can get 25 it would be $10
Eliran (Halim): When I got home on Friday to get my stuff and go 
Guess what was at my door 
It was hak
Nokri (Marisa): omg hak himself was at your door that's beautiful
Eliran (Halim): Yeah
Eliran (Halim): Kinda blew my mind 
Ya know like I was speechless
Nokri (Marisa): I don't see the event on my facebook calendar
is the college like super gorgeous or something
Nokri (Marisa): that happened to me and katsucon with yun. the wig arrived the day after the con eyy.
*now u can hak next con*
Nokri (Marisa): o i see it's architectural
Bill: https://www.facebook.com/events/2043053512625854/
Nokri (Marisa): that one hallway looks like beacon ya
that would be cool for a lwa shoot
Bill: TRUE.
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> get on your Andrew cosplay.
Nokri (Marisa): IJUST HIT A VIDEO ON YOUTUBE T O PUT MUSIC ON AND SCARED MYSELF I WASN'T EXPECTING THE MUSIC THAT I TURNED ON TO PLAY
Nokri (Marisa): andru get to it
Nokri (Marisa): and it's swing music that always spooks me
Aldus (Jess): ~~time to start thinking about colossal east~~
Bill: Nier group, neir group, neir group!
Nokri (Marisa): I REMEMBER WHERE I HEARD THAT MUSIC FROM THE E3 BETHESDA CONCERT NOW
Nokri (Marisa): I WISH I HADN'T REMEMBERED
Bill: I missss everybodyyyyy
Aldus (Jess): ughhh me tooooo
Aldus (Jess): also i need more sleep
Nokri (Marisa): i can send u the source of the song u won't need to sleep anymore
Aldus (Jess): 😱
Nokri (Marisa): it nsfw tho
Aldus (Jess): im gonna annoy my coworker so much with con stories
Nokri (Marisa): SHARE CON STORIES HERE TOO
Aldus (Jess): ~~tom got hit on by a guy when we wasnt even crossplaying~~
Bill: I closed the con center!
Nokri (Marisa): other people also returned to the video after e3 lol
Nokri (Marisa): a classic con story wooo
Nokri (Marisa): biru were you the cause of the fire alarm
Nokri (Marisa): did the con get evacuated or did the alarm just go off?
Bill: nah, me and Andrew left as it started.
Aldus (Jess): they just wanted to make a dramatic exit
Bill: oh, wish Ashley luck with the first day <@!228287793099440128> <@!351785752197201920> . ~~and if you decided to skip training her and fuck around instead, you're welcome to invite her to Aurii to join in~~
Aldus (Jess): GOOD LUCK ASH!
Aldus (Jess): we went to a League of Legends meet up after the star guardian shoot but i dont know anything about the game even though i was cosplaying from it so i went over and talked to some nearby MM cosplayers to hide myself
Bill: saw them in the morning, glad you got to.
Nokri (Marisa): camouflage 👍
Aldus (Jess): yea!
Dave: Sorta doing some training
Nokri (Marisa): CREEPY DUDE JUST DMED ME
Bill: I figure, but it's also you guys so I expect you'll get lazy halfway through.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: NO BAD CREEPY DUDE
Nokri (Marisa): omg animenext's trophies are so cheap. it's a generic trophy and it looks decent but the "winner" label is just a piece of laminated paper on the front. it's not even chiseled into the trophy smh
Bill: animenext is just cheap.
Aldus (Jess): YO anext ahd prizes at the formal
Nokri (Marisa): did they steal katsucon's king and queen thing
Aldus (Jess): 2 $200 GCs, a sewing machine and a switch
Aldus (Jess): na
Nokri (Marisa): wot omg
i guess they're still sponsored by brother then
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Yeo
Bill: some bitches are fucking shouting in the hallway and I can't hear my call. the doors bloody closed.
Aldus (Jess): are they fighting?
Bill: nah.
Bill: they just loud and I annoyed.
Bill: also now I'm the one with sensitive eyes, I was talking to gord facing the window and the sky kept making me blink.
Aldus (Jess): blue ares are typicaly sensitive
Aldus (Jess): toms are too btu they arent blue
Bill: *I just had to check my drivers license to know I had blue eyes*
Aldus (Jess): LOL WUT
Bill: It's a dull blue, I don't really remember that well.
Aldus (Jess): it is not, your eyes are bright!
Bill: Nah. Georgia got bright blue.
Bill: I'd say I have like what, steel blue?
Aldus (Jess): im not seeing a huge difference here fam
Aldus (Jess): also idk about georgias contacts but mine have a blue hue to them so you can see them better and they tent to enhance your eyes a bit
Bill: ooooh, possible. I forgot about her contacts.
Bill: I don't think she was wearing the ones that accentuate color though.
Aldus (Jess): the clear ones do it too
Bill: Cause those are a huge difference.
Bill: yeah, I just mean we'd know if it was those.
Aldus (Jess): ye
Nokri (Marisa): contacts be freaky
omg biru are you cosplaying
Nokri (Marisa): is that a matsushita cosplay
Bill: called it.
Bill: yup. Claim your angel beats, it's going to be a group at some point I think.
Bill: Andrew going to be Noda.
Nokri (Marisa): WOO
Nokri (Marisa): does anyone have ninja girl
who's god
girls demo
Bill: we need to get Jess to watch it, then we want her and Tom to do Hinata and Yui cause canon ship.
Nokri (Marisa): jess and tom u gotta
Aldus (Jess): you want me to wear a pink wig?
Aldus (Jess): oof
Nokri (Marisa): i saw an angel cosplay in a shop here somewhere
Bill: 
Bill: Yui is great.
Aldus (Jess): ~~is she a tsundere?~~
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnot really?
Bill: nope. genki girl.
Nokri (Marisa): she got that snaggletooth
https://pa1.narvii.com/5934/2fabc16a18832455479a243500a34e186ee1ad75_hq.gif
Aldus (Jess): OH
Bill: 
Aldus (Jess): thats toms religion
Nokri (Marisa): if we need an angel i can do angel or ninja girl or whoever is needed
Bill: https://media.giphy.com/media/xKzCxk6p9wxLG/giphy.gif
Bill: she badass.
Aldus (Jess): 😱
Bill: OMG
Aldus (Jess): ooo excuse to buy pink contacts IF I CAN FAND THEM
Bill: *we got it*
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna wear contacts 😭 
they had a whole table of them for sale at acosta
Bill: Georgia kinda wanted to get Reiley to do Angel, but she can clone herself anyway. Shiina should be good.
Nokri (Marisa): i can do ninja girl!
Nokri (Marisa): CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTE
Bill: Or be Angel, cause yeet.
Aldus (Jess): wait why does gerogia have to copy herself?
Nokri (Marisa): naw i don't wanna steal if someone else is angel
Bill: Nothin's really confirmed.
Nokri (Marisa): https://78.media.tumblr.com/ff7d4a72ee97e22f0bf2375c7773dddb/tumblr_ois04lHXOK1qekr89o1_r1_500.gif
Nokri (Marisa): https://media.giphy.com/media/8d7z2r5HESQVO/giphy.gif
Aldus (Jess): what even is this show
Nokri (Marisa): suffering
Bill: yeah, it's the last show Key made that was really good at pulling on the heartstrings.
Aldus (Jess): how many episodes?
Nokri (Marisa): such a shame little busters flopped
like 12 and an ova?
Nokri (Marisa): 13 and an ova?
Bill: Two seasons.
Nokri (Marisa): wot
Nokri (Marisa): what's the second season
13 episodes and 2 ovas final answer
Aldus (Jess): but sometimes a season is 12 and some times is 25
Nokri (Marisa): what if we did a key cosplay group with the main leads from each
Bill: I've seen sketches like that.
Nokri (Marisa): we've got yurippe and nagisa
kud and misuzu would be needed
Bill: Kud is not the lead of little busters, Rin is.
Aldus (Jess): fight fight fight fight
Nokri (Marisa): TRUE but kud is more iconic <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): o and someone from kanon
Aldus (Jess): ive heard tom mention kud in the waifu running discussions before
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: Ayu.
Bill: Even if Makoto is best girl.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): oof
Aldus (Jess): old anime ouch
Bill: ~~I cried for days~~
Nokri (Marisa): real art
Bill: http://wiki.mizuumi.net/w/Eternal_Fighter_Zero Ever hear of this <@!351785752197201920> ?
Bill: Waifu fighting game.
Bill: I have it somewhere.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Nope never heard of it lmao
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: And shiina is pretty great,def in the waifu running too
Bill: Went from Kanade, to Yurippe, then to Iwasawa.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Kanade would be best girl ~~if she had a personality~~
Bill: yeeeee I was young and foolish.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Yuripe is haruhi tsundere type
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: You is a gremlin
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: She does have a Deviltail tho and that's pretty sweet
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: With the like wings
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Best girl is the green haired shouta
Nokri (Marisa): GOD
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: oh yeah him.
Nokri (Marisa): https://78.media.tumblr.com/2641ddf5e3e725d55dad7e8d2702be1b/tumblr_mi045jHm2t1re9f1eo1_400.gif
Nokri (Marisa): angel beats
mystic mess
aurii
yona
what other groups we doin
Bill: ~~more RWBY~~
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Lmao all these hypothetical groups
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: EHOSE DOING TK
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna redo my pyrrha since jal never sent my pics <:rip:369476083248267274>
TOM THEY'RE TOTALLY GONNA HAPPEN. TOTALLY
Nokri (Marisa): TK
Nokri (Marisa): GET CHANCE AND LUCK
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: WOOOOOO
Bill: Ryan obviously.
Nokri (Marisa): i broke the zipper on my neon costume messing around with it oops
Nokri (Marisa): and then left the country
Nokri (Marisa): oops
Bill: Sounds like Georgia’s Star.
Nokri (Marisa): noragami group so i can do kofuku :3c
Bill: You’ll have to compete with Allison.
Nokri (Marisa): IS TINY KAICHO DOING KOFUKU THAT'S GONNA BE SO KAWAII
Bill: She did Kofuku Saturday.
Nokri (Marisa): PICS
Aldus (Jess): i have to fix or remake my hiyori costume
Aldus (Jess): well... fix or make
Nokri (Marisa): i could never find fabric for the skirt
Aldus (Jess): cuz i bought it
Aldus (Jess): the top fits like garbage
Nokri (Marisa): mine too!! does it get wonky if you lift your arms up
Aldus (Jess): yeeeaaaa
Aldus (Jess): its really tight on my chest and really lose in the tummy
Bill: ~~it’s just on backwards~~
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!! the whole manufacturing thing must be wonky
Aldus (Jess): its just made like a board
Aldus (Jess): theres no shape at all
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: We should be able to modify the tum
Aldus (Jess): i can barly get it on though so i dont now if i can take the tummy in anymore
Nokri (Marisa): yeah the zipper is tiny
Aldus (Jess): cus it stil has to make it over my chest or my hips
Aldus (Jess): if i could find a simular fabric i could make the top but idk if i would br able to find ti
Nokri (Marisa): made in abyss group when
Nokri (Marisa): OH and code geass that's right
Bill: Code Geass'll be happening, if only cause Jess is playing 'husband's waifu bingo'.
Aldus (Jess): 🤔
Aldus (Jess): hes csplayed more of my husbandos than i have of his waifus i owe him
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~more league? owo~~
Nokri (Marisa): ~~OwO~~
Aldus (Jess): nah tom cospalyed his own waifu from that
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Lmao TRUE
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Poppy is best girl
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: ~~and jinx but I hate myself for that~~
Aldus (Jess): TRASH
Nokri (Marisa): anyone interested in entering a masquerade we could do a skit
Aldus (Jess): oh gosh
Bill: Vinnnnnnceeeeeent why are you taking a call without headphones?
Aldus (Jess): o wow the one CC cosplayer from Anext literally just has green hair
Aldus (Jess): damn i should cosplayed unknown on saturday there was a seven mc yoosung jumin zen rika and v wtf like they werent all together but damn
Nokri (Marisa): accidental mystic mess meetup
Nokri (Marisa): harvest moon wonderful life bachelorette cosplay group when
Nokri (Marisa): some girls did that at katsu i cried it was beautiful
Nokri (Marisa): and next year one was the harvest goddess i think
Bill: someone in another office definitely said hewwo answering the phone.
Aldus (Jess): ~~i do that~~
Bill: The fitbit successfully got me to go and move around.
Bill: someone convince me not to open the second bag of pistachios I bought because they're on sale.
Aldus (Jess): donmt do it biru
Bill: don...ut?
Aldus (Jess): DO NOT
Bill: nah.
Bill: I just cannot resist pistachio nuts.
Aldus (Jess): ahhhhhhhhhhhh
Bill: Quick, stupidly large lens with 150mm to 600mm zoom, or really long lens that's 100-400?
Aldus (Jess): Go big or go home
Bill: *Fuck it I'm Erik now*
Afina (Georgia🍀): WOOOO
Aldus (Jess): Lul what
Bill: I'm spending large amounts of money for the heck of it?
Aldus (Jess): OH
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~so thats why theres no popcorn-eating story on your instagram~~
Aldus (Jess): Lmaaaooo
Bill: hun that would be terrifying.
Bill: why.
Bill: and how it does that have anything to do with his spending habits?
Aldus (Jess): We didn't realize you were referring to spending habits
Bill: *Why would you jump to that?*
Bill: pfft. 
> Fuck it I'm Erik now
> opens pistachio nuts
> eats out pistachio from shell for instagram
> ???
Bill: anyway.
Bill: I dodged sales tax completely by shipping the lens to my office. How neat is that.
Bill: and got 50 off which was the weekend sale on the lens.
Afina (Georgia🍀): neet
Bill: it's 150 off? That's pretty good.
Bill: Lenses don't really get put on sale I find.
Afina (Georgia🍀): was gonna start vlog editting at college cause theres a productive atmosphere here buuuut i forgot my cable to get the vid off my phone
Bill: rip.
Afina (Georgia🍀): WHOOPS to home ~~and procrastination~~ i go
Bill: Wireless backup though.
Afina (Georgia🍀): i havent backed up my phone in like half a year
Aldus (Jess): ugh don't wanna hang out with people tonight I want to unpack and plan cosplays
Bill: just setup google photos/dropbox to auto upload camera roll.
Bill: why you gotta do that?
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~cancel plans its therapeudic~~
Aldus (Jess): Tom's brother is up from Tennessee
Aldus (Jess): I can't, it'll create alot more drama than it's worth
Afina (Georgia🍀): oof
Afina (Georgia🍀): find an excuse to duck out early then
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~gotta crate the dog~~
Bill: ~~the dog is tom~~
Aldus (Jess): They are coming to our place
Aldus (Jess): 😭
Bill: ah, more rip.
Aldus (Jess): For real.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Yeah.. I'm not excited but I'm excited for afterwards
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: I guess I should also message my parents About Wednesday
Aldus (Jess): What's Wednesday?!
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Oops
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Sunday
Aldus (Jess): We ahve to shoppeing for the party Tuesday or Wednesday
Afina (Georgia🍀): WOO PARTAY
Aldus (Jess): I'mma need to pregame this hangout session tonight
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Plz by all means do.it
Bill: *Wow*.
Bill: Tom's encouraging Jess to drink. I'm about to swing in there and kidnap your asses so you don't have to do this.
Aldus (Jess): He encouraged me to drink Saturday too 😂
Bill: but saturday was fun.
Aldus (Jess): Seriously though it's gonna be so awkward idk if I'm more happy they arnt bringing the kids, or less cuz now all thier attention will be on us
Aldus (Jess): Can we just force Mary to watch anime?
Aldus (Jess): It'll be like the first time your brother would be allowed to watch anime in like 5 years
Bill: oh it IS those two.
Aldus (Jess): Haha yea
Bill: Time to ~~sensually~ eat more pistachios.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Are they boring??
Bill: It' ain't that.
Bill: Long story, not mine to share.
Aldus (Jess): Joey and Tom get along, Mary's always trying to awkwardly force a friendship with me but we have nothing in common
Aldus (Jess): And a myraid of other drama
Aldus (Jess): her whole life is children, shes very traditional? i guess? idk how to explain it
Bill: ~~a pain~~
Afina (Georgia🍀): Oof
Afina (Georgia🍀): Stereotypical southerners sorta then lol
Bill: they both from Jersey. Joey is at least.
Aldus (Jess): sept they're both born and raised here so it makes no sense. honestly i could rant so hard about them
Aldus (Jess): ~~joeys a total nerd and his wife suppressed it~~
Afina (Georgia🍀): gasp that's shit
Aldus (Jess): YUP
Bill: for mawisa: <:nicodab:455818103788535808>
Bill: <:nicodab:455818103788535808>
Bill: nah fuck it.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Yeah it's the truth,plus she's lazy and makes Joey do everything
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: And is overly sensitive and take offence of you don't say things like happy mother day to her
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Sighhhhhh
Aldus (Jess): 👆
Aldus (Jess): ~~i strive to be the exact opposite type of wife she is~~
Bill: ~~a fucking nerd?~~
Aldus (Jess): HELL YEA ~~and helpful, and allow freedom, and do my fair share of work~~
Afina (Georgia🍀): gettin a PO box tomorrow whoopeeee
Afina (Georgia🍀): how weird it is tho, i never thought id be doing that kinda thing, and yet, this is what my cosplay hobby has driven me to
Bill: 🙄
Afina (Georgia🍀): its for people who wanna send ~~instagram famous wezrez cosplay~~ things
Afina (Georgia🍀): i think ill just tell people to send me pictures of their dogs
Afina (Georgia🍀): thats a good start
Aldus (Jess): YOOO THATS GREAT
Bill: I know what's it's fooooorrrrrrr.
Bill: I just don't trust the nameless mass that is your fandom.
Bill: So varied and potential crazy, unlike the cult of Lady Whoozica.
Afina (Georgia🍀): PO boxes are an extra step of security, so yeah neither do i LOL
Afina (Georgia🍀): THE CULT OF LADY WHOOZICA
Aldus (Jess): they are also potentially crazy XD
Aldus (Jess): *gets a po box*
Bill: also correct.
Bill: I dunno, you do you obviously, but I find the whole thing sketch personally.
Aldus (Jess): i thought cosplaying boys would make my male followers unfollow but apparently it just makes them wanna make me a cult leader
Afina (Georgia🍀): what a pleasant turn of events
Aldus (Jess): "pleasant"
Bill: Please don’t get as famous as Georgia, my poor heart.
Aldus (Jess): i've got while to go before that happens
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~/drags jess into fame with me~~
Bill: Aaaaughhhh
Aldus (Jess): shes got liek 8 times the amount of follower dont worry about it
Bill: *I worry*
Aldus (Jess): y tho
Bill: *Im a Defender personality type, it’s what I do*
Aldus (Jess): wait are you worrying about me getting popular? or getting creeped on?
Bill: The creep aspect. I 100% support followers and stuff, though if you get fake or start putting your self esteem in the hands of your follower count I’ll call you out on it.
Aldus (Jess): get fake nah but my self esteem is fine china
Bill: So you’ll get a talking to in that case.
Aldus (Jess): YOUR NOT MY REAL DAD
Bill: It’s the side effects I worry about.
Bill: Nah, but my second motto is “I care about me and mine”.
Bill: Which comes with some protective instincts.
Aldus (Jess): well we've got a tome to worry about that im not even at 500 yet
Bill: I thought you said you have a Tom and i was going to be like “ye, he gots the hammer now”
Aldus (Jess): oh whoops XD
Afina (Georgia🍀): I might not be having allergies I might be sick
Afina (Georgia🍀): Cause I'm cold as fuck and my family's like... not
Bill: Airborne.
Bill: Always take some post con!
Afina (Georgia🍀): But I hate orange flavor :c
Afina (Georgia🍀): I mean it could be allergies but know who's
Bill: Then get berry or whatever.
Bill: Ain't having them for the flavor.
Afina (Georgia🍀): They make that?
Afina (Georgia🍀): Yeahhhhh
Afina (Georgia🍀): Any kind of vitamin c booster would probably be just as good
Bill: Sure, just something to help kick it.
Bill: You got too much to do for a cold.
