Nokri (Marisa): I’m at work and someone is playing that Dragon Ball ASMR video and I can’t figure out who. I’m suspecting the Aussies.
Nokri (Marisa): do you think domesticated horses ever imagine riding humans
Bill: No.
Bill: The wild ones might.
Nokri (Marisa): AU where horses run the world and turn people into glue
Nokri (Marisa): that's dark
Nokri (Marisa): and oreos for the first few years of their mass produced existence
Nokri (Marisa): you ever hear about how furries will wear their fursuits on airplanes because the fursuits are so expensive that it's not worth potentially losing it if the luggage is lost
Nokri (Marisa): or they'll pack ammunition in with the fursuit because ammo has to be tracked at all times when in checked luggage so it gives extra security to the bag
Bill: ~~why have I never questioned why you know so much about flurries again~~
Nokri (Marisa): it's common knowledge
Bill: Is not.
Nokri (Marisa): googling "furry airplane" to find a picture example of this was a bad idea
Nokri (Marisa): https://i.redd.it/2tjzdm4q86101.jpg
Bill: TSA has to have no mask laws.
Nokri (Marisa): medical masks are reportedly OK but have to be removed during screening
Nokri (Marisa): can furry helmets be considered medical masks
Bill: nooope
Nokri (Marisa): gas masks are allowed in carry-on baggage
Nokri (Marisa): as long as they aren't covered in bullets
Nokri (Marisa): i found this
Bill: If that happened I'd jump from the window.
Nokri (Marisa): that's dangerous in an airplane
Bill: safer than a cabin filled with furries changing diapers.
Nokri (Marisa): they'd just throw them in the pool again <:rip:369476083248267274>
Nokri (Marisa): or on cars
Nokri (Marisa): on a non-furry note i keep seeing ads for that new anime film "I want to eat your pancreas"
Bill: Kinky.
Elfriede (Tom): I never realized the whole daiper thing tieing in with furrys til just now
Bill: I went to walmart to get a compact flash reader for Georgia's photos. So much cringe.
Bill: @everyone https://lifehacker.com/how-to-get-a-free-dairy-queen-blizzard-today-1828787496
Bill: oooh, Facebook is flat out down.
Bill: Meanwhile, Twitter is turning it into a hashtag.
Elfriede (Tom): Why cringe?
Aldus (Jess): Cuz Walmart I'm assuming 😂
