Bill: Oop. Nap taken.
Bill: So hard to... stay awake in these dark evening hours.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): *10,000 points professor no*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): The time zones are messing with our due dates too that’s so unfair 
It’s supposed to be due at 11:59pm but I guess the system goes by main campus times and then corrects it when we access it outside the country? Thus making it due at a different time which is evil
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): SO I KNOW BILLIAM ALREADY KNOWS THIS
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): BUT GUESS WHAT HAPPENED
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): NNAI
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Our house shook an hour ago
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): whoaaaaA
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And we we're freaking out a bit
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It was a loud bassey BOOM
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I went down to check the furnace
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Kurtis messages our gaming chat
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): DID ANYONE ELSE FEEL AN EXPLOSION
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): omg
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Now Kurtis lives 30 minutes from.me
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): On country roada
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~ 🎵 take me home 🎵 ~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): A house blew up about 20 minutes from ours
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Maybe 10 miles
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And shook our house
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): bLEW UP?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): BLEW UP
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): !?!?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The entirety of Sussex county and some of Morris heard it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that's a big explosion if felt that far away
Bill: I did not, but according to reddit I should have.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): DAYUM
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): is there a death toll?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Not sure yet it just happened
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But my mom went to drive passed it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Is that the house?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): according to twitter ya, across the street from a high school
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yepyep
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): parts of the house landed in the parking lot
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): rumors are saying drug lab
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yepyep
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It's always rumored to be
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm finding it hard to see how a single house can produce an explosion that big
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I KNOW
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It's crazy
Bill: Fucking wild.
Bill: This is Sussex county.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): all the school windows are broken <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: Not the Bronx.
Bill: YO SHIT.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): is that a nice neighborhood
Bill: That’s kinda awesome.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): HOLY SHIT
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): drug kingpins always live in nice neighborhoods
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~Sussex county has lots of drugs yo~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what happen
Bill: Yeah but not explosions.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That's insane
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): All the schools windows holy shit
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): is that your school?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): We live in the woods what the hell
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Nah not ours
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My mom went there
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I took my SAT there <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.northjersey.com/amp/2134499002
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): My mom said that 2 kids lived there but idk how accurate
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I fucking hope not
Bill: 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i heard that too. someone said "no ems was called so no one was probably home"
friend if there was explosion that big i don't think EMS could help anyone that was at ground zero
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they did call in a cadaver dog
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah they would be atoms after that
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That was a straight up bomb
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): impacted area?
Bill: 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): sussex county fire station called it as a 2 alarm fire at first I wonder if they raised it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'd sure hope so
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The people officer that turned my mom around told her that every cop in the county was on their way
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): https://www.broadcastify.com/listen/feed/24254/web?fbclid=IwAR3wpelGffPX5l4L36yS3lNcbqN9yZSB2_a7D2HRB6p2bBHoI3A9J-9Tpko
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): good a 5 alarm
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o so it was the propane
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): My mom said that noone was home
Bill: That’s a blessing.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): She said she knew the kids somewhat
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ok but guys no lying right before that fucking explosion is was saying "fucking bakugo, bakugo shouldn't be dating anyone"
Bill: *he disagrees*
Bill: ~~I’m reading a fic that’s more Uraraka Deku than I thought and I’m sold on Bakugo’s Uraraka~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): no one understands any of this and the teacher didn't teach us we're all gonna fail
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i hate grammar
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): this was a past exam question we're all doomed
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): where does the 'of' come from it just gets summoned out of thin air but that goes against the rules of the theory that everything has a place. you can't have a possessive without creating a whole new sentence-in-a-sentence for it? ??
happiness have a lifetime = of? ??
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): everything is contradictory and language sucks
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i found the origin of 'of' but it's in a sentence that doesn't even have 'of' in it. i found it but it doesn't exist. thanks.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): <:dva_salt:365521119534645254>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's terrifying
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the examples our teacher gave us have question marks written in them, even she doesn't know what's going on it's like a horror movie
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): *sensei, using quotes from disney movies isn't gonna make it better.*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): any more explosion updates
how did you feel about the earthquake not earthquake
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): are you gonna become doomsday preppers
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Not much but it is crazy
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I read that one dude got his gun out and was ready to defend his house
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Against the other 🏠
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): shoot the house and the earth yeah that will keep you safe
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): storm coming? shoot the clouds
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 🙏 🙏
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Put the finishing touches on my cheat sheet
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's adorable
Bill: Blessed image.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i finished the test like 2 minutes before it ended but it looks like no one else finished so either i did ok or i failed horribly
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 😱 😱 😱 😱
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): You probably did fineeee
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): omg i'm one tumblr follower away from 3000
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): exciting
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): though i fell down from 250 again on instagram lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): why can't we just combine everything into one big Social Media™
Bill: because then that one asshole you want to talk to will use google plus.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): time to delete everything and move to google plus until that's deleted too
Bill: ~~It was announced google plus was shutting down next year~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): cool so we have one month of a Social Media and then no contact with anyone ever again
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~i follow you mawisa whats your link~~
Bill: princessvanpenlo-somethin
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): OwO
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's a canon URL very valuable on the URL market
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): http://princessvanellopevonschweetz.tumblr.com/
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i post yona spoilers beware but they're all tagged
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): everything is queued
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WOW neat my blogs an untagged mess
Bill: I wish I could get a handle on tumblr.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i had to start tagging once i started reblogging non-homestuck stuff
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): biru come back to tumblr
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wow 3k!! amazing
jess you win the 3k giveaway
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ive had a tumblr like since 07 and i still dont tag anything of know how to use half the features
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT U MEAN
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): drinks as anime protagonists? there's already an anime about that it's called akikan
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): u win ur the winner congrats
Bill: ~~i don't think I've ever seen Jess's tumblr~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): doxxed
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea im ussually v. secretive about it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but im trying to be more???? outgoing??
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): idk if thats a thing
Bill: *hide your ~~shame~~ tumblr*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): how come i'm not able to follow you back
Bill: Nah, I totally get it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my tumblr is 2 MM post 1 other fandom 6 MM post one other fandom
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): your not? OwO
Bill: Tumblrs always seemed more personal.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i think it just worked. i kept clicking it and it said it worked and then immediately go back to not working
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): idk if it's workin or not
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA YOU HERE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I dont tag anything so if you want something tagged ill do it for u just lemme know
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): darn you have asks turned off <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~time to go to georgia's tumblr~~
Bill: ~~not like it's hard to find~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm only iffy about nsfw stuff but i can scroll past it really quickly i don't actually have it blocked
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah i never send georgia messages ever
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): on tumblr
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): never
Bill: I wanna learn how to reddit better, and how to tumblr better.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH thats like the one thing i do tag if there is a nakie
Bill: I only raised my RSS feed, Instagram, Facebook, and Tvtropes stats.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont tag shirtless dudes as nsfw but i can if u wants
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i gave you tips for tumblr before because I'd see your instagram posts on there
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i lurk a lot on reddit i wanted to post the moutele stuff there but probably bad idea
Bill: I fixed that, the tags translate now.
Bill: I don't need followers on tumblr, I need to figure how to find things to follow.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): tumblr is falling apart now, stuff with links won't show up in the search bar as of last week
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i have like 5 Original posts das it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): only the first 5 tags ever show up in a tag,to follow stuff you can just follow the tag
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): theres also the nsfw purge
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): YEAH!!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): rip
Bill: to reddit then.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im looking at my blog rn and damn i am such MM trash
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i don't even know what's on my blog it's stuff i queued 3 months ago
ice cream!!!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): we need ice cream for katsu
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ok so upon closer self examination
I only tag nsfw if u can see a nip vag or peen
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): scandalous
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if people are nakie but like "covering" each other by like cuddling then its not tagged
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that's fine. i tag something nsfw if it's even vaguely offensive or suggestive but as long as you don't reblog all that hardcore porn you're into its fine <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): also check this out
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~whomst?~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): art someone made about a historical dress. i think the full tumblr post will be on my blog later today or sometime this week
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): also i dont queue so like youll see 10 posts in one day and then nothing for a week
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the yolo life
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I've only had Marisa for 19 minutes but if anything ever happened to her I'd kill everyone in this room and then myself
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): salem NJ once had a trial against tomatoes because they were thought to be poisonous so this dude just ate a TON of tomatoes and he didn't die so they dropped the trial
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): jess uses the secret tumblr homestuck meme sender
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Salems are so good with trials
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o leanna's on tumblr right now, my dash is all her hehe
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 😸
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i found 25 cents in my purse and 25 in my coworkers desk but he isnt here but im starving so imma steal it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): office admin got me dark roast coffee im love
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): now i can live
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): a crime
hide any evidence
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): everyone on twitter is posting rkgk (slang for rakugaki / doodles) so i wanna make some too
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): rkgk time
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do it
Bill: Oh. that light means my razor's blades need to be replaced.
Bill: ,... ~~maybe I'll just get a new one~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): sounds hardcore
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i can't draw shoes what even is a show
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): When does it come out?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I helped a customer, thats all the work i have o do today right?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that's it you worked
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): on one is in the office excpet the 3 jess's and dave
Bill: https://i.imgur.com/Ncdmlwm.gifv NEED
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): hey where do you purchase that for under $100 asking for a friend
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wait i have that
Bill: lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's just a laminator how they do that
Bill: *you can buy them*
Bill: https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/a0vgfa/zentangle_foil_print/
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): OwO
Bill: tutorial on the person's insta, handle on the printer.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ha haha i can do this at work
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i just need foil
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the foil is the expensive part 😱
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right? RIP
Bill: how much is foil like that?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): a few years back i gave those laminators to everyone for christmas hehe
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): $30+
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): for about a foot
Bill: bullshit.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): in different colors
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): like 5 1' pieces
Bill: She's selling the prints for 25.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): hmm maybe wholesale?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o heres a good price
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): https://www.amazon.com/Anna-Griffin-Minc-Foil-Assortment/dp/B072KJ1GV9/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1543424024&sr=8-6&keywords=minc+foil
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): or individual foot long rolls for around $9
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this is apparently what she usses
https://www.etsy.com/listing/647237529/icraft-deco-foil-transfer-sheets-in?gpla=1&gao=1&&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=shopping_us_c-craft_supplies_and_tools-canvas_and_surfaces-paper-other&utm_custom1=68169897-3de5-49b0-8597-68bf3a28328d&utm_content=go_270948155_44377596627_190744388810_pla-295462060027_c__647237529&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI1aWUxcb33gIVQgOGCh0q5woTEAkYAyABEgK72fD_BwE
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): she said she prefers the mink but that variety is cheaper (it doesn't pick up the details as finely)
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats likw $1 per sheet
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): !!!! buy in bulk
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this would be fun i wanna make em
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah it would be so convenient for cosplay
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you know what else is cool? screen printing wowie i wish i learned more about that
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i think i have a screen printing kit i forgot to use
Bill: ~~why is Georgia on invisible?~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): shes ghosty
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oo can you see when someone is on invisible? i thought it just looked like they were offline
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oo she's postin in bne
Bill: yeah.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it does but she is talking so biru knows
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YE that
Bill: ~~Everything okay Georgia? People usually use invis to avoid someone~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it tru
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oops
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I was avoiding Hal
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Lmao
Bill: That was my guess, you do DnD rather than invis if you need discord to shut up. Do you, I just worry.
Bill: SINCE *marisa* is DUMB and won't BLOCK HER STALKER.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its 130 ive done nothing today
Bill: I’ve done a handful of things, but I can make them sound important so that’s a day of work.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): moar pics of big boomy from last night: https://www.facebook.com/dennisdoug/posts/10156868424849324
Bill: Holy crap.
Bill: It just GONE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yeet
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): My mom said the shockwave cracked the walls of the highschool
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): A few of them
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): SHIT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): RIP walkil
Bill: HA.
Bill: You could describe it as the wall killed.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if you look closely you can see the neighbors windows on the ground
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you can also see their truck burried in rubble, and titled a bit
Bill: I guess I can’t date Erik. 😂 Clingy, I tease a lot, and I’m not sloppy drunk but I certainly indulge.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~i can tho~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Those are like all super standard lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Look he ain't picky 😂
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He an ass man
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Everyone is an assman
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Even girls are ass mans
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ass*person*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Plz
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 👇
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 🍑
Bill: I mean.
Bill: I’m not.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 1/100
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 👌
Bill: Chase: "Update your income, we may be able to give you a spending increase!"
Me: "Stop, I don't need anymore"
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Lmao that's how credit cards work when you pay them on time
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): My boss was like: they just increased my credit limit to 17k and I'm like PLEASE STAHP
Bill: It's my amazon card, which I got before I got a Real Boi ™ job. They probably peeked at my income listed for the sapphire reserve.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): THE LAST OF THE WEEDLE WUMS
