Bill: Me: I should not eat the chips at chili’s to pretend I’m making a healthy choice
*sit down*
Waiter walks by: chips and two salsa, I’ll have them in a sec. 
me: rip
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I wanna eat gingerbread but I don't wanna take apart ma house 😭
Andrew: mine collapsed
Andrew: like the steelers last night ;_;
Andrew: 
Bill: <@!351471675843411978> https://www.facebook.com/events/282058819112460/?ti=ia
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): GODDAMIT ITS 21+
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): IM SO MAD
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I missed the train and the next one pulls up literally 60 seconds later this is the best
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): We go next year Georgia
Bill: Owo.
Bill: Hoboken terminal got cell signal?
Bill: That’s new.
Bill: My phone rang and I was terribly confused.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i've finally reached the stage where someone is like "oh yeah this costs 1500" and I'll be like "wow that's a good price"
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the lady i spoke with yesterday was like someone out of a ghibli movie she was so inspiring
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): OH
this was talked about here at one point. right?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they have a bunch of different pokemon up now
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what is Up™ today
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wishing i wasnt at work 😭
Bill: That's every day.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): no only monday through friday
Bill: you wish you WERE at work on saturday and sunday.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): def not
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): would you feel any better if you had a fish hat
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): does your work allow you to wear fish hats
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): prob not, but my boss isnt here so party tme
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): bam. instant productivity.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): https://www.amazon.com/HYYER-brined-Cosplay-Halloween-Birthday/dp/B07J4N485B/ref=sr_1_39?ie=UTF8&qid=1543933230&sr=8-39&keywords=fish+hat
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my coworker that works from home is taking 6 classes next semester, has a barely one year old and still manages to work somehow
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that's rough buddy
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): he must have a fish hat
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): or be a robot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): she a gorl
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm taking 6 classes this semester and there's another kid who's taking 5 and he always complains and the third girl in our row today told him to stuff a sock in it and stop whining and it was hilarious
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): she must have a fish hat
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): big fish hat
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think shes a single mom too damn
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): gender stereotypes have poisoned my mind
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it ok, it happens
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): at least it sounds like she's well off?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm waiting for the "she lives in a box under a bridge" response for making more assumptions
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean she still lives at home cuz she got preggers at like 16-17 but she did all of her senoir year of high school work in less than 3 month so she could graduate early and get a head start on college
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oooooooooooo that's how she do. makes sense
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so shes actually a whole year ahead of her class now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i give her major props though cuz thats frggen tough
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah and imagine how much hate she got in high school. yikes.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): very strong
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Damn
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That dope
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): did secret santa stuff get assigned yet?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Don't think so
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm probably not gonna have any idea whatsoever who my gift recipient is lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): gotta stalk their social media
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it looks like the yona secret santa and rune factory secret santa stuff isn't happening this year. sad!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): “How do you do, fellow kids?”
Bill: I bought a thing off storeenvy 2 hours ago and it already shipped.
Bill: ~~teeturtle took a month, what gives~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): storenvy is all privately run stores, like etsy or ebay
Bill: Taking a backlit photo is *hard* with a phone.
Bill: that was a waste of 30 minutes.
Bill: Sounds like a good time to get more starbucks.
Bill: I was right!
Bill: there is no fucking reason for a chromebook to have an i7 chip???
Bill: https://lifehacker.com/there-will-be-no-mail-delivery-tomorrow-1830852031
Bill: I need to do *something* today and it's just not working.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): more personality quizzes
Bill: *that's what ruined my productivity to start with*
Bill: I'm going so stir crazy.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im going through old pictures because i realize i havent updated my wezrez facebook in a year
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and SOMEHOW IT HAS 500 LIKES?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and if i were a conspiracy theorist with those boards with all the string and stuff
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): this picture would so be on it
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): AHHHHHHH
Bill: motion blur, you look mostly in focus.
Bill: But also facebook reach is garbage anyway.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah im not posting cosplay roller skating
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): just lookin at all the albums tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i FOR GOT THIS LOOKED LIKE I TRIPPED TRISTAN
Bill: huh.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): AND THIS SERIES OF PICTURES
Bill: _sighs_
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): So many good ones lmao
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Lots fun shots from that event
