Bill: Jackbox has been running since Saturday night.
Bill: oops.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m really digging the T-shirt and collared shirt look
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Though idk if I’m doing it right LOL
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): omg were you on a quidditch team too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Of course :3c
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): n y o o m
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): NEETO
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Stick macarons for Jess
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): They’re macarons but also they’re sticks. Technology is amazing.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YOOO big bois
Bill: I left late but made it to Armonk on time.
Bill: Yaaaay.
Bill: Also it’s been over a month, fucking Elizabeth doesn’t want to do the paperwork to renew badge? I should stop coming up.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): georgia whenever you come around:
are you abandoning tumblr
Bill: At her.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): what if she sleep
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!245270932602486784>
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): madlads
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dont worry she wont wake up XD
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Pew pew
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Idk I wasnt using tumblr much already
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I like all the fan art I’ve already reblogged so idk
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Maybe I’ll go back through and just save them to my computer now
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): is there another way people can send you anonymous messages
asking for a friend
Bill: sarahah?
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): the carpet camel lady
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i hate writing papers because i can't just write a paper by itselef.
i have to write 500 words, then chop some potatoes, then wrote another 500, then complain like this, then write more, then shave my face, then write more, then read a comic, and on and on and on
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what a mood
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): mood emoji when
Bill: what even is that.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): an emoji that conveys the feeling of 'mood'
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i have 34 tabs open in my browser
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i split them into 2 browsers so that each program doesn't have more than 20 tabs open
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i'm trying to find good sources but the first book i looked at had a ton of untranslated quotes in German that the author found inspiring and the second one had two pages describing the ultimate question from the hitchhiker's guide. there are books about language attrition.
Bill: According to Gord, someone made a baby shark toy on Amazon, it made 3 billion dollars and is now sold out.
Bill: I was going to ask Erik if he could shinanigans me one of those neat printed logos for mine. I dunno what to do with it, but it'd be cool to have.
Bill: I forgot to over the weekend tho.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): today is too long
Bill: Yup. Long and boring and that leaves way too much time for sad thoughts.
Bill: I’m leaving now though weee.
Bill: And my stomach is flipping a shit so I guess ibm poisoned me?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my stomach is flipping a shit cuz i actually ate something for lunch
Bill: WEEE I got tapped in traffic.
Bill: Just scratched paint, only doing police report for some worst case scenario where my bumper falls off tomorrow, girl is nice enough. But fucking today.
Bill: This is the SECOND accident in less than 6 months on 287.
Bill: Fuckity fuck though I don’t need this tho.
Bill: 
