No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Oh snap daylight savings time is starting ya? That’s gonna mess me up for a while.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Why is that still a Thing
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): It gets dark at like 3pm here and the sun rises at like 4am ain’t no one care
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): the salesmen at bic camera are very nice and took me on a 20 minute tour of all their lenses, explaining even their rental system which is awesome but my camera doesn't have a removable lens and I don't have $3000 sorry folks
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i just wanted cheap polaroid film
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Polaroid printer is a bit dark in places and a bit washed out in others but it’s super cool and more convenient for when I don’t have my actual Polaroid camera because now *everything can be a polaroid*
Y’all want any pictures made into Polaroids?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): In the US I have a ton of Polaroid decorating supplies too. Bluh. 
They’re really popular here and idols sell them for $1 or $5 (depending on popularity) a pop. They’re called チェキ
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): take selfies of yoselves so I can steal them and print them and put them in my Pile of Friendship™
Bill: 
Bill: Tom’s got your back.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): WOO
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i hope that's not a can of alcohol <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): tom get up it's 9am and you've had an extra hour to sleep with daylight savings shenannigans
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oh wait no it's 8am
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): see it's messing me up
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): biru u gotta sing Ave Maria to wake them up
Bill: No.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): u gotta
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo Tom was saying he wanted a poloroid camera recently. Also that's iced tea so no worries 😂
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): they're pretty decently priced and amazon puts them on sale a lot, they sell neat bundles on certain days if you keep your eyes peeled. it's just the film that sucks to buy. I found it here for $12 for 20 and I know a smaller store near my school that's all fujifilm camera stuff so I'm gonna see if they sell it any cheaper, but in the US it's like $20 for 20 pics
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): my meals are so messed up I think i'm subconsciously on a convention schedule because yesterday I ate nothing all day until 8:30pm, and then today I've eatned a slice of bread and a cherry tomato and it's almost 11pm.
Bill: Plz eat heathy.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): instead of a box of ice cream the other day i bought a box of inarizushi aren't u proud
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i like to buy inarizushi and offer it to my figures before eating like some kind of otaku freak
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wat day? 😮
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): it's my new favorite type of sushi omg
i don't like fish but I love sushi rice so it's my new go-go
it's a type of sushi, sushi rice wrapped in a fried tofu pouch
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): it doesn't look that appetizing but it's pretty sweet and delicious. i figure it's a healthier alternative to a ton of chocolate
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): dis so cute wow
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): now i'm hungry oops
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): are y'all eating proper
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ooo i know a good polaroid to print
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OwO those are cute!
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): when i come home i make u inarizushi we can feast together
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Here it comes
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): the suspense
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oo it's coming out really nicely
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ~~when it's done developing i'm gonna take a picture of Biru's face and tape it over Hal's~~
Bill: Or we’ll just take more photos when you get home 😂
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): you say "or" as though that's not a requirement
my friendship shrine here is smol and filled with mainly acquaintances at best i require more content
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): people like to give me gifts though after meeting only twice they are very kind and i would die for them
I do what I want(tm): IT STIL CUTE PHOTO IT OKAY
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): The gangs all here
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Except for the people who aren’t who I need selfies of still
I do what I want(tm): Lmao ommgggg
Dave: that's great
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): dave u can be the raindeer kigu
I do what I want(tm): I love how smol you are marisa
I do what I want(tm): So precious
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i'm probably crouching like a tiger about to bat another tiger in the ear
