Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): omg two people were laying on their car horns for a solid minute and now they're full on shouting outside with the rolled r's and everything. sounding like angry yakuza.
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Elfriede (Tom): Must be
Elfriede (Tom): No other explanation
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): one of my semester projects is a teaching project. i sent out an interest feeler on twitter for anyone who wants free lessons and the cosplay photographers jump on it lol. nerd thought process: "it'll be just like the animes"
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): we are having
a very long shake
hhhhhhh
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): shake has stopped. i think.
Elfriede (Tom): LONGSHAKEYBOI
Afina (Georgia): Omg my suitemate Kiera knows the chatterbox! I was wearing my shirt from it and she said she loved that place
Elfriede (Tom): Oof rest in peace chatterbox 👌
Bill: The Rwby v5 premiere was earlier last year?
Aldus (Jess): ooo i guess so
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): wow who are those nerds
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): question. not posting on instagram causes follower count to drop. posting on instagram causes follower count to drop at an accelerated rate. is there any way to cease the dropping.
Bill: according to jess: swimsuits. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): that falls under the posting category and usually also results in a drop in followers <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): yea i dont get that?
Aldus (Jess): like you literally signed up for this
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): lol
"hope you enjoyed this journey. bye. come back any time."
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): a friend of a friend i know has like a billion followers but they never interact. they get around 50 likes per post but have followers in the tens of thousands which is weird
Aldus (Jess): my post popularity goes like this from most to least:
Swimsuits
Pics with Georgia
Pics with Tom
Solo pics (female character)
Solo pics (male character)
Aldus (Jess): yea sometimes people with lots of followers get like no likes? my average is like 75 latley
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): [wolf whistle noises]
Bill: my engagement has gone down, maybe cause I post once a week now.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): What we must do
Is
*enter a masquerade and do a cool skit*
Bill: 30 to 50 likes.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): *we can do the himym suits song*
Aldus (Jess): i reduced posting a little bit, i think it helps a bit. i went from 3-4 a weeks to 2-3
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ya i think people get sick of seeing the same person posting every day
*but they don't get sick of musical numbers that aren't gangnam style or harlem shake*
Aldus (Jess): how often you post mawisa?
Aldus (Jess): i dont get tired of your posts i wuvs dem all
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): o hewwo
it varies. sometimes once a week. sometimes like twice a day every day for a week.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i don't have a scientifically calculated schedule that is too difficult for me
Elfriede (Tom): 🆕 🆒 🆓
Aldus (Jess): ye, i had a schedule for a while but meh
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): o you're not doin the once every two days anymore? :0
Aldus (Jess): roughly yea but i used to have it all planned out ahead of time i do every 2-4ish days now
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): that sounds less stressful 👌
Aldus (Jess): yea it is
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i have this recurring problem where i'll reach into a bag to get something or dig stuff out and a false eyelash will be stuck to my hand. why is this a constant issue i thought i disposed of them properly.
Aldus (Jess): hand lash
Bill: ~~I read that as leash~~
Bill: When you look in the mirror and feel unusually attractive and put together 👌
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> how’d today’s midterms go?
