Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): I wonder how helpful splashing your face with water is to wake up. Feels like I need that most days. Just dump a bottle of water over my face in the morning. Waterboard me until I wake up.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Every time I take a step I jingle like a court jester trying to appear their sire.
Bill: Nyah?
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): I go ding a ling and crunch when I walk
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Well, I did. Not anymore. Not for like 20 minutes.
Aldus (Jess): Mawisa! You went to Thomas land?
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): NO I MERELY PASSED NEAR IT AND THOMAS LAND ABDUCTED ME VIA BOTH TRAIN AND BUS. I JUST WANTED TO TRAVEL IN PEACE (NO OFFENSE THOMAS UR LAND IS VERY WHIMSICAL)
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): It was everywhere. Horrifying.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): He’s watching.
Aldus (Jess): wow japan is wild
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): An hour on a train train and then 2.5 hours on a bus filled with trains. Mayhem.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): But
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): 
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): How is mr poor parking
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Did u get a spot to park
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): BOOT HIS CAR
Aldus (Jess): i had to park in our other lot cuz he takes up 2 spots 😠  the other lot is only 4 spots, b ut at least we have it for when the big lot if ~~full~~ howard wants to be a dick and take up 2 spots
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): *howard*
Aldus (Jess): he asked me for his business cards 3 times in 4 hours, in which i was working on other stuff he knew was super urgent
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): maybe someone was awed by his parking skills and wanted his business card to learn
Aldus (Jess): that must be it!
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): biru nyah'd i think he finally embraced his inner furry
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): a cause for celebration and concern
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): *a furry fiesta*
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): or a furry festival. which is better festival vs fiesta
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): fiestival
Bill: Might as fuck well have.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): pack up we're going to rainfurrest 2k18
Elfriede (Tom): So I developed a sore at one of the novacaine injection sights and it hurts way worse than anything else wisdom teeth related 😭
Bill: My evalulation is today and *that really sucks*
Dave: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
