Elfriede (Tom): Wpahhhh
Bill: <@!351785752197201920> General?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Woah voice party
Elfriede (Tom): :3
Total Nok-out (Marisa): two bros
chillin' in the voice chat
five feet apart
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): cause dey a little gey
Bill: Yeah you got it, no evidence to the contrary of THAT could exist.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): “Charlie the unicorn created YouTube” oh underclassmen you are so young
Bill: Listening to a Matt Mercer interview on game design podcast... I need to do more with gaming... guys a genius sure, but he bleeds experience.
Bill: Heeeeh. Just heard the first podcast guests to, when asked where to find them on social media, suggest discord.
Bill: Discord’s really gotten good at forming communities.
Elfriede (Tom): Yeeet 👌
Bill: Third guest is writing a magical girl tabletop. She called cardcaptor sakura sacorera. What a weeb.
Bill: Ooooooooffffffff she’s succcccch a weeeeeeebbbbbb
Bill: She thinks blood types in character bios is a unique thing to magical girls and needs to be part of the character sheet.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I love cardcaptor sacorera
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Feat sacorera and kebab-chan
Total Nok-out (Marisa): It’s crowded and someone just parked a stroller in front of me I dunno if I can get off this train ;u;
Elfriede (Tom): Ughh
Total Nok-out (Marisa): They moved phew we safe
Bill: RIP. I was listening to older episodes of that podcast, City of Mist is currently out of print since the kickstarter ended.
Bill: I can get the pdf, but I'd want a hardcover too.
Bill: I feel terrible and I don't know if I'm getting sick, it's the drive, sleeping shitty, underlying feelings of DEATH, or what.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): maybe it's the moon
Total Nok-out (Marisa): it's full tonight
Elfriede (Tom): We've kinda felt the same the passed few days idk what's up
Bill: I was laughing at something matt mercer said and I stopped and I was like 'why do I feel like I'm going to cry' and it was confusing.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im still feeling kinda sick, cold weathers got me down, little stressy, little depressy
Bill: Alright while I really want Wednesday night Recess to be a thing, I’m probably just going to want to go home. ~~I already do~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): feel like thay prob have a bigger crowd on saturdays
Bill: Fighting game night, and we're busy on weekends.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not all weekends
Bill: Most weekends.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~not to mention there was no one to fight with~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Im guessing tonight could maaaaybe be a little more popular since its a new game tho?
Bill: The more people go, the bigger it’ll get. Imagine one guy goes, sees it’s just the organizer dude, doesn’t come back. Or, he sees Tom playing with the guy, you and me playing on the other couch, and stays to come see the group again.
Bill: Plus new place blues, etc.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): place cardboard cutouts around to give the illusion of a crowd
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yes good
Total Nok-out (Marisa): maybe some voice clips from popular sitcoms playing on a loop to simulate idle chatter
Bill: Genius.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont mind going semi regularly, just dunno about every week
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if it was closer
Bill: Nothing to be done about the distance. Hell, it’s pretty close compared to anything similar. 😅
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): sure, im not saying it isnt. I'm just saying a bar trip once a week can get pricey.and its still a 25 min ride regardless
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): in the end its up to tom for me, hes the one that has to make the drive.
Bill: mm. I'd like to be a regular there, the owners are nice and it's really a perfect setup for us. ~~plus I've always wanted to be a regular at a bar`~
Bill: ~~meanwhile, me remembering the apartment complex I saw down the street~~ To Zillow!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i know you do, youve said it for a long time, like i said i dont mind going semi regularly, i like the place but personally ive never had the specific want to be a regualr anywhere
Bill: huh. That apartment complex doesn't show up on Zillow.
Bill: ~~There's a house for sale across 46 that's only 988k, 5 bedrooms, 3 baths, why not~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *only???????????*
Total Nok-out (Marisa): what a steal
Bill: *Party house*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~thats still 200,000 a "room"
Bill: https://www.zillow.com/homes/for_sale/Parsippany.dash.Troy-Hills-NJ-07054/82172739_zpid/60564_rid/40.864361,-74.349064,40.85266,-74.364514_rect/15_zm/0_mmm/1_fr/
Bill: It was actually *899*, what a *steal*.
Bill: too bad there's no floor plan.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): that's cuz there is no floor
Bill: shit they spend all the money on the bathrooms and forgot the floor? ripperoni.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~too bad its almost a million dollars and doesnt even have fully updated bathrooms~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): those bathrroms aint even nice theyre like 1990 standard
Bill: I'll take your word for it lol.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): been watchin HGTV since i was 12 years old <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: http://www.rutgersvillage.com/388/406.html These are the apartments in walking distance.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not bad
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): no pics tho? 😮
Bill: Not really. Site under construction.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ah
Bill: I'm not actually jumping to move out cause of Recess, but at least 1.5k a month for two bedroom is... not impossible?
Bill: Still pretty insane but.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): y u need 2 bedroom?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): one for action figures
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 1 br is 1260.00, pretty spacious
Bill: Personally I'd like an office when I move out. In reality, I'd need a roommate to move out practically. 1.5k a month?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): looks like at least
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): includes heat/hot water at least
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): seems like pretty standard rent for the area
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill: I've never seriously looked. I'm not bothering till I pay off the rest of my college loans.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): allthough im not up to date on current going rates for apartments since im not in the market
Bill: ~~maybe I should learn to cook before I move out too~~
Bill: ~~else I'll survive on quickchek and microwavable stuff~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): big oof
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cooking isnt really hard if you have a recipe and directions, or just some basic knowledge
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): internet is helpful
Bill: I made stuff in college, I'm just out of practice and don't bother buying stuff for the house.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): u dont make breakfast or lunch?
Bill: Nope. I either get dunkin when going to Armonk, or have a breakfast bar when at home/going to NYC.
Bill: Lunch I don't want to deal with keeping cold the 2 hour commute plus 3~4 hours till I eat it, so I don't bring anything. I eat out in NYC, the Armonk Cafeteria, or go to quick chek when I'm home (that one is just cause I like quickchek and Dad does it too so bleeeh).
Elfriede (Tom): Just ask Kurtis to go to the bar , he literally works in parcipanny <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Tru, but his Mom's been sick so she need him at home. He being an good boi.
Bill: ~~Did you both miss the part where I said I feel shitty and don't want to go tonight anyway~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im nto talking tonight
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im talking in general
Bill: ,... Apparently I've had aurii published to the site for awhile now.
Bill: Huh.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): WHAT is THIS 🥴
Total Nok-out (Marisa): it's not showing up rip
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I’m late but yo I’ve felt weirdly motivated the last few days
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Maybe I’m sucking up all the good vibes
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Gomen
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yo send some my way
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i was like that last week tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cracked out hiyoris top like it was no one business
Total Nok-out (Marisa): georgia is strong with the moon
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I’m like the girl from dragon prince
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Bill: found time to watch that too?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Only first episode oops
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): reyla is bae <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: More like Baelya.
Bill: ugh.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEAH RIGHT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ugu how am i gonna tackle that cosplay
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~thers gonna be like 40 raylas at katsu rip~~
Bill: mmm... More like 40 Bowsettes.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): rip all their braids off with an arrow
Total Nok-out (Marisa): collect them like trophies
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): can i collect my own? ~~if i manage to pull it off~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): if u so desire
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Oooo Jess Rayla for Katsu?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): imma try? i think? maybe?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): you have to speak the accent too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im premtivly thinking Nora/Mina for Friday, Rayla, 2B Saturday and Ray Route MC Sunday?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i *think* that lines up with everyone schedules?
Bill: Marisa hasn't chosen hers yet, so it's just Georgia with one.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): plz contact my manager (ie me) for questions or concerns)
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): RWBY/Ochako Friday, Fallout/A2 Saturday, Persona Sunday
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Yay!!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): whooo! coordination!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i chose to do ray sunday to line up with jess ~~since we're staying all day what other sunday cosplays we doin owo~~
i was thinking uhhhhh
thursday: either a miku or jaehee
friday: maki, corrin (I can bring Tsuyu if you want more heroes? are you doing the uniform versions?)
saturday: jade, katarina, miku
sunday: ray
Total Nok-out (Marisa): oh wait i should bring yuu for sat too right
Bill: Won't matter to anyone, but I'm not bothering with the Hazel thing. RWBY is a back seat this year and my motiviation was friends doing it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): your schedule is amazing
Total Nok-out (Marisa): it's so empty
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it so full
Total Nok-out (Marisa): biru what else u gonna cosplay
Total Nok-out (Marisa): n e e d s m o r e
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~if i wanna pack light i can wear MC to the formal~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): that's assuming i can find jade's 3am dress in the closet somewhere. if not i might bring adult nia
Total Nok-out (Marisa): dressy mc owo
Bill: Nothing Marisa.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): be a sim at least
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Oh yeah idk about formal
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea  i dont have any solid plans for that
Total Nok-out (Marisa): are your hero cosplays the uniform versions?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Ye
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i might bring tsuyu then possibly
Bill: Jess is doing hero suit I thought.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): OH yeah she got the body suit right?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): O wait I mean hero suit
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): My bad
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ooo you're doing hero ochako? 🌟
Total Nok-out (Marisa): poofy boots
Total Nok-out (Marisa): uravity
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~throws seven in there for thursday with mawisa~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA HERO SUITS
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I'm bringing an elizabeth
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i got a good base for minas work out disaster outfit!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i have one of these
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Maybe Friday night I’ll make PJ Pyrrha for the memes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YAS
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i might do PJ mina? not sure
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Maybe I’ll just pack my kitty kigu and wear whatever
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i guess that wounldnt be too comfy tho
Total Nok-out (Marisa): if there's a fire emblem pj party again i might bring pajama nowi which is just nowi in a dragon kigu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YOU GUYS GOTTA HELP ME WITH BODY PAINT OK? I am scared
Total Nok-out (Marisa): YEAH
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): WE ARE HERE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you are my lifelines 🙏
Total Nok-out (Marisa): and then next con we homestuck trolls
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~might is distract you with a yone group instead~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): YEAH YOU SURE CAN
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i need to finish yoon i bought everything for him and never made him
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OwO
Total Nok-out (Marisa): he'd be a good sunday cosplay. i feel like i already said this the other day.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~if i make san i can just buy extra materials and make blue boi too~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~unless tom wants to be blue boi, since we both said wed probable be most interested in him~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): courtney does kija and zeno, i know enough yonas we could likely fill in the whole group
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🙏
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~do we go all out and include manga characters too~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Looks at my half finished Yona
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOF I have such big plans and not a big wallet
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): HELLO FREN, I give you new reason to finish cosplay ❤
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): YE
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I have the robe
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): That was the hard part
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOOO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont even have to wear make up for blue boi ill just not take off my mask <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): no cuz we gotta recreate mask taking off photos
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i need a vacation to work on cosplay
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH TRUE U RIGHT PLUS
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): another reason to use my yellow contacts
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im so glad i bought those
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so many characters have yellow eyes i never realised
Total Nok-out (Marisa): We can recreate this except you and Georgia will look way better
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i can bring my ao doll
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Or we get a real squirrel
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I like the latter
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mawisa is good yona 🙏
Dave: 寝るべきだ 😴 💤
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): real squirrel yas
Total Nok-out (Marisa): No I got my wig before Yona wigs were a thing it bad
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Dave don’t call me out like this
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I’m going now. Here I go
Total Nok-out (Marisa): また明日ね
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~no dont go~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ok good night love you sleep well cant wait till you come home ok bye
Dave: おやすみなさい
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Nini~
Bill: Georgia's All Might impression.
Bill: (ni is the 'sound effect' for smiling in manga)
Elfriede (Tom): So everyone today I realized the wind can blow your voice
Elfriede (Tom): Isn't that crazy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): spoopy
Elfriede (Tom): Like if you are standing down wind of someone and try to.talk they have more trouble hearing you
Elfriede (Tom): Because the wind is blowing the vibrating air away from your target
Elfriede (Tom): And it's really funny to think the wind can blow your voice
Bill: sounds like a quirk.
Bill: What a day.
Bill: Imma die driving home.
Bill: NEVERMIND There was a new episode of Jim Jefferies podcast and I just listened to 23 minutes discussing where everyone in the room is on the hot scale, 1-10. It wasn’t pretty. Savage and hilarious. So much quotable stuff.
Bill: Talking about one guy and they were like oh yeah, you’re at 10 I. Personality but no body ever wants to see a photo of you, you’re just ugly man.
Bill: Gold. Terrible. But gold.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea dis humor isnt really my thing, especially live  i couldnt take that if i got picked on
Bill: He’s especially an ass on this show. But he did crosscheck with the one guy if he was getting upset as a bit and he said yeah. He’s a staffer for the show so they know each other.
Bill: ~~meanwhile he called the Irish group watching the recording “rangers” which is an Australian slur for red head~~
Bill: Not saying as the only one below a 5 in this friend group I enjoyed it but like <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: My favorite part is how it feels like a bunch of guys fucking around on mic for 40 minutes. It’s so casual.
Bill: If I made a podcast... I’d call it Salt Mining, and the point would be we talk about something that I’ll be salty and sarcastic about.
