Andrew: So my shoprite was bought out today
Andrew: I am losing my seniority and vacation time
Elfriede (Tom): YO WUT
Elfriede (Tom): THATS SOME SERIOUS BS
Andrew: Yep along with my sunday bonus pay which is time based is gonna reset
Aldus (Jess): Oh no! 😭 That friggen Sucks
Nokri (Marisa): Ahh yes right in time for birth
Nokri (Marisa): What’s happening to the shop rite omg
Nokri (Marisa): Time for mega vacation
Nokri (Marisa): i'm spending today finishing my semester homework and i hope it's not in vain because all of our projects get uploaded to a blog, and my blog hasn't been visited since last month meaning the teacher hasn't been to it since last month. it'd be great if he gives us all A's but also i'm worried. ; u ;

our final project and paper are actually due after the grade submission cut off and he said he trusts us to do a good job on them
Aldus (Jess): 😮 he hasn't check your homework in a month?
Nokri (Marisa): ye
Nokri (Marisa): which on one hand i'm like "it sucks so maybe he's giving us all A's" but on the other hand i hope he isn't failing me
Aldus (Jess): But if hasn't even seen it then he can't be failing you <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: damn it Andrew.
Nokri (Marisa): i don't have time for a mental breakdown i have work to do aaaaa
Dave: bad it away
Bill: What’s up Marisa?
Nokri (Marisa): updog
Bill: *Marisa.*
Nokri (Marisa): that's me!
~~you're supposed to say what's updog and then i say "nothing what's up with you dog" and then we all share a hearty laugh. it worked for the game grumps~~
Nokri (Marisa): wait
Nokri (Marisa): nothing what's up with you dog
Nokri (Marisa): haha classic
Elfriede (Tom): 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): why is there a slenderman movie what did we do to deserve this punishment
Aldus (Jess): I forgot my headphones again 😭
Aldus (Jess): i had left over tea in my coffee cup that i forgot about and i poured coffee so now i have like earl grey coffee and its weird
Elfriede (Tom): Lmaoo
Elfriede (Tom): Niccuu
Elfriede (Tom): And I'm okay with a slender movie but oike
Elfriede (Tom): I wanted that like 6 years ago like..
Elfriede (Tom): It's over dudes, ya missed it
Bill: 
Bill: Have you heard of these jess?
Aldus (Jess): no i never seed those 😮
Bill: I'll have to bring one of the dark chocolate ones back from Armonk.
Aldus (Jess): ~~how many carb it got~~
Bill: Caramel one is 28g.
Aldus (Jess): oof
Aldus (Jess): i hope we figure out what we're doing for this poster soon so i can drive to newton and not me in the office for hour
Bill: 
Bill: They also make single piece ones, which are 8g and a 1/4th the caffeine.
Bill: https://awakechocolate.com/collections/all
Aldus (Jess): ooo i could probs do the 8 as a treat only tho
Nokri (Marisa): oh one of my discord groups got deleted. sad!
Bill: https://giphy.com/gifs/everyone-trump-comprehensive-SvgmMm20VGHzq
Aldus (Jess): RIP
Bill: Caffeine chocolate is not very effective.
Bill: it got REALLY loud across the hall, what the fuck.
Bill: Oof nobody tell Mom but I fit pretty well in a ford truck while waiting for them to get back from a test drive.
