Nokri (Marisa): TUNE FAICTYE wow rune factkeg is such great
Elfriede (Tom): TUNE FACTY
Nokri (Marisa): there's today's earthquake so i should be safe going up to the 60th floor of mori towers for anime now right
Aldus (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): Omg why is there a 60 minute line to get into this event that’s been ongoing for 2 months. Especially on a Tuesday. Don’t you people have work.
Bill: There is SO much traffic holy crap.
Bill: There’s never a back up on 287.
Bill: I’m actually detouring off, glad I checked maps for accurate traffic info.
Aldus (Jess): You know you're an adult when you weren't feeling good last night and low key wished you were sick so you could stay home.
Bill: That’s a constant in life tho.
Nokri (Marisa): You know you’re an adult when you can stay home <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> 
~~and possibly get fired for it but that’s also adult life~~
Aldus (Jess): my mom used to let me stay home if i wanted but i didnt do it alot cuz it felt irresponsible
Aldus (Jess): can my mom call me out of work like she used to call me out of school?
Bill: Finally at Armonk.
Nokri (Marisa): Finally
Bill: Oh my god though. So many terrible drivers today. One guy was trying to pass in the left shoulder, some bitch in a Porsche not only used the right shoulder to force her way into an exit, she then used the shoulder on the jughandle itself to get past the waiting cars AND pulled up to the right of the left turn lane, still not in a lane, and started to turn left.
Bill: Coming is here is just crazy.
Nokri (Marisa): have u tried powerwalking there instead
Bill: 76 miles?
Nokri (Marisa): ya
Nokri (Marisa): powerwalk
Bill: That's a no.
Nokri (Marisa): omg who left their laundry in the dryer for the last hour. come on. it's almost 11pm and *some of us can't sit around all night waiting for you to get your clothes from the only dryer in this building*
Bill: If that isn't the tagline for college I don't know what is.
Bill: Leanna be like: I need a new job
Me: *Well, mom got Kurtis a job soooo*
Nokri (Marisa): biru the job fairy
Bill: Iiii thought about it for a half second though. Kimberly in the office can't be any easier to deal with than the crap she has now.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm suddenly incredibly embarrassed and i don't know why. what did i do.
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Aldus (Jess): just out of no where?
Bill: ?
Nokri (Marisa): ya
Bill: Maybe your senpai just walked by and it made you doki.
Aldus (Jess): damn anxiety is a bitch isnt it
Nokri (Marisa): but i'm alone in my apartment
*is it whoever left their stuff in the dryer*
nah i'd hear the hallway door or elevator
Aldus (Jess): its you!
Aldus (Jess): you are your own senpai
Bill: Mawisa Senpai has noticed Mawisa-chan!
Nokri (Marisa): [sees my reflection in the black computer screen] ah yes, incredible embarrassment <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> 
or maybe it's my marisa keychain
Nokri (Marisa): She watch
Nokri (Marisa): does the countdown on your website change depending on timezone
Nokri (Marisa): omg i think it does
Bill: It's probably based on browser timezone.
Bill: ~~I have no idea I stole the code for it off stack overflow~~
Nokri (Marisa): leanna said 359 days but mine says 358
Aldus (Jess): mawisa is closer to cce than us
Nokri (Marisa): time to fight
oh or that
Nokri (Marisa): jess the genius
Nokri (Marisa): 11:30. the laundry is still in the dryer. i officially give up.
also I forgot i stuffed paper towels down my shirt to clean the sink but i ran out of hands so i just put them wherever there was room nearby and then forgot and then panicked when my shirt sounded really crinkly
Nokri (Marisa): tldr if you're gonna stuff paper towels down your shirt make sure they're the soft kind and not the cheap public school cafeteria kind
Aldus (Jess): wise words
Nokri (Marisa): i'm gonna go vigorously spin this blanket like a show-off-y pizza maker in an attempt to dry it, and when i come back i want to see personalized haikus from everybody. go.
Bill: That's effort.
Bill: I'd love a recording of this hand drying thing tho.
Nokri (Marisa): so close you just need a couple more syllables
Nokri (Marisa): like this but with a blanket and a lot more face smacking
https://media2.giphy.com/media/s8oZ6zzGEouUU/giphy.gif
Aldus (Jess): http://i.imgur.com/bJPQz.png
Bill: MOOD
Aldus (Jess): im like 1 of 3 ppl in the building rn
Aldus (Jess): im the only one on the entire floor
Bill: lay on the floor.
Bill: claim it.
Aldus (Jess): The power went out 😂
Bill: Start the countdown till you can leave.
Aldus (Jess): All the bosses are out 😂
Aldus (Jess): I have better back up on my computer. I tried to save my work. Ilustrator froze 😂
Bill: https://www.inoreader.com/article/3a9c6e79bef3fa7e-spacexs-first-space-tourist-will-pick-a-photographer-for-a-free-moon-trip <@!245270932602486784> Wanna keep borrowing that camera? XP
Aldus (Jess): Tfw the power come back on 😭
Aldus (Jess): Soooo power outage put out servers out and they arnt back yet so i can't do any work 😂
Bill: NICE
Aldus (Jess): I haven't done anything in 2 hours <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus (Jess): Server is back up, we leave in 24 mins
