Bill: somehow I got soda spilled on me by the guy on the train seat ahead of me.
Bill: Correction, *beer*.
Bill: Fuck today.
Elfriede (Tom): NICU 😶
Bill: THANKS I HATE IT.
Bill: And I come home to garage torn apart on a fucking *snake* hunt.
Dave: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: All this bad luck I don’t get a leather catsuit.
Bill: Guess I’ll fuckin die.
Nokri (Marisa): 🐍
Nokri (Marisa): Someone get biru a cat noir cosplay
Bill: Complete with bandages for your eyes when they bleed.
Nokri (Marisa): I’m hungry and it’s not socially acceptable to sew on a train and I still have an hour left aaaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): I bought socks that vaguely appear to be the same color as the fabric I need for tomorrow. And felt if that doesn’t work so yolo
Nokri (Marisa): i home <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elfriede (Tom): Wooo
Bill: My head hurts.
Nokri (Marisa): did you try turning it off and on again
Bill: Power switch is in a shitty spot, lemme jam a knife in my eye to get to it.
Nokri (Marisa): oh
Nokri (Marisa): ok
Nokri (Marisa): have fun
Nokri (Marisa): i just had flashbacks to when they were joking about banning me in sbbb3 before i got kicked off the reality show and then they actually did it at one point for like 3 minutes and it freaked me out *it freaked me out man*
Elfriede (Tom): What's sbbbbbbb
Nokri (Marisa): sandbox big brother bbbbb
it's basically like the reality show big brother but done online on epicmafia's sandbox lobby (and games lobby joins in too sometimes). used to be done on skype, i was in season 3. they wanted to bring me back for all stars but i didn't have time so yesterday they gave me viewing privledges of the current chat
Elfriede (Tom): Right I looked that up at one point
Nokri (Marisa): ~~j o i n~~
Bill: 
Bill: That's like, 5 5-hour energy's.
Aldus (Jess): Thanks I choose Life
Bill: 
Bill: It's not the highest on the list either.
Bill: THEY FUCKING FINALLY ADDED IMAGE PASTING TO MOBILE DISCORD!
Afina (Georgia🍀): WOOO
Elfriede (Tom): Woooo
