Afina (Georgia): next semester schedule lookin LIT
Bill: Tuesday’s still pretty good if I want to visit ya.
Bill: Neat.
Bill: It an easier schedule?
Afina (Georgia): ye im doing well in the first semester version of three of those classes now
Afina (Georgia): european politcs will be cake
Bill: I mean are you going to be stretched less thin. 😛
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Lessons from Europe sounds like a cable tv show
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): they're tearing down the old tsukiji fish market and thousands of rats are coming out and infesting the surrounding areas lol
Bill: That’s terrifying.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): but this headline is so hilarious
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): 'major battle' with TENS OF THOUSANDS
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): hehe
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): omg and tsukiji is right next door to ginza, that's like the swankiest rich area in tokyo. **unleash the rats**
Elfriede (Tom): Omgggg
Bill: https://lifehacker.com/dating-might-get-better-if-we-all-stopped-texting-1829632861
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Conversely: a texting only relationship. 
More memeing. Less shouting matches.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): I have no idea how relationships work
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): The professor I took on the subject was horrible and got fired midway through the class
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Because he’d be like “ok raise your hand if you ever sent nudes. What kind of nudes? What’d you do with them?” on the second day of class.
Dave: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: I'm bad at texting, so all for it.
Dave: "hey BBY, want some blue"
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): 1/3 of the way through uploading stuff to flickr hows erryone doiin 2nite
Aldus (Jess): i gotta drive to stpales again and i dont wanna
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): are you buying........ staples??? ????
Aldus (Jess): no, posters 😭
Afina (Georgia): Mmmm midterm grade 1 came back not good
Afina (Georgia): 30, when the class average was a 50
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): are you sure it's not missing a zero. 300.
Afina (Georgia): 😬😬😬😬
Bill: Oh jeez.
Afina (Georgia): I mean I’m not DEAD but that’s really not good
Afina (Georgia): I have another midterm (around ANYC) to make up for the grade but I feel like this professor just grades so harshly that I won’t pass
Bill: ~~professors should be banned from making tests where the average is under passing~~
Afina (Georgia): They have to curve it so people pass but I could miss that curve
Afina (Georgia): ANYC is looking like a no-go now
Bill: Go to office hours and say 'how can I do better'. They may give you crappy answers, but the point is to show you're dedicated.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ooo yeah that's a good one. make it seem like you're giving it 500% (which you are) so they take pity on you and also know you better
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): "pwofessor pwease hewp"
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): instant A
Aldus (Jess): That's how I passed algebra 2 in HS!
Aldus (Jess): D for effort <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elfriede (Tom): Oh Jo OoO
Dave: RIP the grades
Afina (Georgia): This teacher doesn’t have explicit office hours though
Afina (Georgia): You have to email him
Afina (Georgia): I don’t wanna email him to ask for office hour time when it’s just to be annoying and ask how to improve my grade
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): maybe ask before or after class if there's time?
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): oh totally e-mail him
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): that's his job
Afina (Georgia): He never there before class and I don’t really wanna ask after class when everyone else also lines up to ask him questions
Afina (Georgia): Oof
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): professors are required by most universities to have dedicated office hour time
Afina (Georgia): It’s a 40 person classs so it’s smol but eh
Bill: Yeah, you pay the guys salary.
Afina (Georgia): That’s true....
Bill: Email him that you want to review your midterm.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): he probably has office hours where he's either doing prep work or just lazing around but doesn't want students to know, because all professors have to have office hours
Afina (Georgia): I mean thankfully the content isn’t cumulative
Afina (Georgia): So I should focus on the next section, quantum mechanics, and do well there
Afina (Georgia): But maybe emailing asking if he has any advice or resources for the upcoming section would be a good idea
Afina (Georgia): Another problem is that, last year, they upped the difficulty of the Honors physics classes
Afina (Georgia): I took the first two my freshman year, two years ago, before they made it harder
Bill: The point is to show him you're taking every effort. Professors really take note when a student comes to them to work through issues.
Afina (Georgia): Yeah I’m just ashamed to admit I’m having issues to begin with 😭
Afina (Georgia): All the other students seem to get it
Afina (Georgia): And I feel like none of them wanna talk to me about physics work
Afina (Georgia): They do in my other three classes, but honors kids are a whole nother animal
Bill: I know, it sucks, but you have to bite that bullet.
Bill: It's for the sake of 'playing the game', so the professor sees you as the hard worker you are.
Bill: He can see everyone work hard in class, but he can't see what you do out of class unless you show him.
Bill: The class average was *50*, they aren't all getting it.
Bill: Asking for help isn't weak. If the other students are pricks, go to the tutoring center. If that doesn't exist at this level, Ginny is a physics grad isn't she? Message her, and ask her for help.
Bill: Professor sounds like a grade A dick tho. 😭
Afina (Georgia): Yeah they don’t have tutors for most of my physics classes at this level cause they’re too advanced oof
Bill: Such is 300 levels. 😢
Afina (Georgia): “Professor sir please give me an A I’m doing my best and my grandpa died last month so I’m sad”
Afina (Georgia): Boom instant A
Afina (Georgia): He’s not a bad person he just has high standards and probably doesn’t know how to run the class since they just stepped up the standards on the honors classes
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): someone with a graphing calculator make a frequency distribution chart. 30 can't be that bad on the whole scheme of things if 50 was the average in a class of 40.
Afina (Georgia): The standard deviation was 20 so
Afina (Georgia): I fall in the 68% margin I believe
Afina (Georgia): Just barely tho
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): there you go see you're only one standard deviation away
Bill: oh, and your overall grade includes participation, attendance, homework, labs..
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): plus your roommate isn't helping
Afina (Georgia): No labs for this class, just homework’s, and the TA is a harsh grader
Afina (Georgia): I lost 8 points out of 10 for a wrong equation sign
Afina (Georgia): Like I had negative instead of positive and everything else was right
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ಠ_ಠ
Bill: ~~the TA grades stuff?~~
Afina (Georgia): Yup
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): professors never grade anything themselves
Bill: Fuck rutgers man.
Bill: All my professors did.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): at rowan too i was the one grading like 90% of the marketing department's exams lol
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i caused an incident where i only put smiley faces on some papers with 100% and people got mad at the professor so i had to put smilies on everyone's quizzes after that
Bill: *criminal*
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ask the professor if he thinks that's fair because that sounds ridiculous
Bill: Well. You have other tests this week.
Bill: Just email this professor, say you'd like to review/discuss/ask how your doing in the course overall next week and leave it be.
Bill: Focus on the task at hand first, don't dwell on this.
Afina (Georgia): Yeahhh you’re right I have a mechanics midterms tomorrow
Afina (Georgia): And I’ve always been better at mechanics and E&M
Bill: I blew... Japanese 3? Because I bombed the final right before it so I got a crappy grade in Japanese.
Bill: Didn't matter, the rest of my grades were perfect, but it just goes to show how much dwelling on a problem can hurt you.
Bill: One step at a time. 😊
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): WHAT
DID UOU REALLY
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): 😱
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): But u made it to nihongo five. A true success story.
Afina (Georgia): Mechanics and E&M are more job relevant too
Afina (Georgia): The special relativity section of Honors was like “what if we threw a ball at the speed of light” and all that theoretical stuff
Afina (Georgia): Which, I can understand theory, but not the math that comes with it
Afina (Georgia): Which I guess was my weak point
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): math sucks
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): There was a post on Reddit today where a physicist had to look up the quadratic formula and that it’s common for them to look up math stuff because they know too much and forget mundane things
Bill: yup.
Bill: You do *not* have to memorize this stuff in the real world. College teaches you how to think and apply concepts, so that when you need them down the line you can look them up and know how to use the tool.
Bill: https://gph.is/2QP3QLp
Afina (Georgia): physics students are scary
Afina (Georgia): the professor only posted one practice exam, and its the 2016 est
Afina (Georgia): so they went scouring online for more practice exams
Afina (Georgia): and using wayback machine some students found the solutions for all the homeworks, and the actual midterm from 2017
Bill: niiiice
Bill: https://offspring.lifehacker.com/your-kid-can-get-cool-stuff-in-the-mail-from-a-nasa-ast-1829690731
