Total Nok-out (Marisa): Cruise around town in the planet Saturn
Andrew: https://www.thebrickfan.com/lego-overwatch-official-images-found-at-target/?fbclid=IwAR2zMn1LUeD6xXZyuSSlA5wEel2-OMefeu3yl2ufxpcPaNPz_lS8Cu17lIg
Andrew: rip my wallet
Andrew: dva rein for certtain im getting
Andrew: <@&398644763043299328>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Somehow just rode like four stops past the station I needed to get off at. Oops.
Bill: Anyway wanna go to Jim Jefferies November 10th? Comedy show. Madison Square Garden.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): If I can get a ride yeah
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): I'll pick you up Marisa
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Oh sweet. Thanks I’ll send you my address and prepare a fruit basket.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): What kind of fruits does this basket require?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Sexy potato basket
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Guavas
Total Nok-out (Marisa): And any fruit with fur
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Maybe some persimmons those are ripe this time of year
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Ah yes the best fruit. Potatoes, guavas and fuzzy bois
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Do you think there are fruit furries
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Swolfy I’m scared
Total Nok-out (Marisa): We can ward them off with the basket if we reinforce it with steel
Total Nok-out (Marisa): The comedian can help us roast the fruits it’ll be nice
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Like a picnic.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): I'll make sure to bring some pepper spray
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Oo should I bring a blanket or we just going to sit on the ground like animals?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Idk that’s a good question. Biru what’s the seating arrangement like
Total Nok-out (Marisa): We aren’t furries we’ll definitely need a blanket at the least
Bill: This no longer has anything to do with my question. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Yes it does we’re talking about the comedy show
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I hope they grew a first of trees into seat shakes for us to rest in as we enjoy the live entertainment
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): And we'd be supplied with free air provided by the live trees
Total Nok-out (Marisa): What a wonderfully environmentally friendly publicity stunt
Bill: Riiight. It was rhetorical anyway.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Oh. What a disappointment. Sorry Swolfy I guess I won’t need a ride.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Thanks for the offer.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Who on tumblr is digging up really old selfies of myself. Like, 5 year old selfies. Why they do that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nah, sorry Billy, not really my thng
Total Nok-out (Marisa): The blog is all in Arabic and they just repost old movie posters am I on some kind of list now
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Can’t believe there was a point I was skinny dang what wasted potential <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Things I can do in the 40 minute plus delay bumper to bumper traffic going to Armonk: remote into my desktop from my phone to download the BNHA original soundtrack and load it onto the NAS audio server so I can listen to it remotely.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): *purchase BNHA soundtrack from wholly legal means yeah what a great idea
Bill: For some reason the archives are extracting slow as heck tho. Silly NAS. ~~probably itune’s fault, it’s still struggling to fix my iCloud library.~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): some guys (it's always guys i've never had issue with girls <:rip:369476083248267274> ) are rather inconsiderate. like, i know my japanese is horrible but when i look confused and ask you to please repeat something don't say it faster and maybe simplify the language a bit pls instead of using mega keigo.
he was asking if i wanted my groceries double bagged. i know you don't get paid enough to deal with customers like me but i appreciate them being double bagged anyway. I thought he was asking if I wanted everything in one bag aesrhdtjykjhgfd
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i'm going to drown my shame by eating an entire cake now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you shouldn't be ashamed!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he was a butt
No, but I'm Elfriede of Nokri: Yeah he a butt
Total Nok-out (Marisa): there was a photographer like that who we never got pictures from lol.
my friend has a lower japanese level than i do but she's much more confident speaking and i'm better at reading so we make a good duo and neither of us could understand what this photog was saying. instead of slowing his speech or anything he just kept right on going and getting more and more frustrated. we were like "sorry but we literally can't understand a word you're saying and in 10 months this type of communication lapse (between cosplayer/photog) has literally never been an issue before."
Total Nok-out (Marisa): nice username <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No, but I'm Elfriede of Nokri: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No, but I'm Elfriede of Nokri: But yeah that's dumb and intolerant
Total Nok-out (Marisa): pls speak dumb for dumb foreigners thank.
immediately after that guy left we went over to another cosplayer/photographer pair and had a lovely conversation and exchanged twitter accounts. 0 communication issues.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea sounds like some good ol prejudice
Bill: I now have a permanent desk at Armonk.
Bill: But there are team members behind me looking in my direction and that’s unnerving~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo i hate that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i had that for a little while and it drove me nuts
Total Nok-out (Marisa): pull up something really weird on your screen
Total Nok-out (Marisa): make it your desktop background
Bill: Eh. I'm fat, so I block my screen <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Google won't process my sitemap.
Bill: I put all the effort of ~~installing the process that~~ puts it together.
Bill: Hopeeeefully that works and google will index the site.
Bill: I could use some help with brainstorming tags oh tag master <@!351471675843411978> . Your really good with Instagram; do you think you could give me a list of tag “categories” for pages of the site? I can create sub indexes based on tags, maybe even a tag cloud, so it’d be good to have a good amount of tags down. (I have like, 2 on every page now.)

But I’m blanking on what kind of tags I should assign. Location, Convention name, year... can you (and anyone else) help me with a list of things I could use?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea those 3 are good as well as Characters, Series, Company that makes the series, any featured ships, each "season" of a show (usually anime)  since sometimes they have different names.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): general "cosplay" tag which i always seem to forget, mosty what i do is just series and character and every iteration of how those two can go together as in: rwbynora, norarwby, nora, noravalkyrie, (Remeber to do inverse any characters whose name can be listed last, first aswell) , noravalkyrierwby, rwbynoravalkyrie, etc
Bill: I’m not going to that level per page of my website... too finite, and I don’t think there’s any search mechanic to make use of it.
Bill: Trying to think what other ways you might want to filter the galleries.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): well probably just: Convention, Year, Location, Character, Series,  Cosplayer  ummm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe the company that makes it still
Bill: Yeah... I'm just trying to do all of them at once, cause going through all 150+ galleries is going to *suuuuuck*
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I feel like such an alpha human today
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I was nothing but productive
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Like, I went to class and did homework and learned some circuitry and embroidery stuff in the Rutgers creation center
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And now I’m at the gym and then studying??? Like what?? I didn’t even touch a video game today
