Bill: (Jess is going to kill me) I need to take two days vacation by year end.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): The only pros of the honors program is first dibs on housing, and they’re very worried that we’ll get too stressed so they handed out free eye masks today
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Bill: So I guess I really do need to get on the queen bed search... looks like the frame of my bed is cracking.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Queen bed doth fit in your room?
Bill: Not without some serious rearranging.
Bill: I have to do it though.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): queen bed is SO NICE
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): GET
Bill: My stomach hurt so bad yesterday I was considering calling out... I feel better but I'm disappointed I can't call out now
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): are you pregnant
Bill: ,... why not
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): someone brought in giant doughnuts
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): THE DOUGHNITS ARE GOOD
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): OOF
デイブ: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I don't want to use my old monitor, which has colors that match my macbook/other screens
Bill: My new monitor has cooler colors which I feel is a bad thing to work on photos with.
Bill: I want to make use of my desktop's additional power for lightroom.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you can adjust color output ussualy
Bill: I've tried... I can't get the new monitor to line up.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): rip
Bill: you know whats most annoying?
Bill: When I got the second monitor, it was supposed to be the *same model*.
Bill: It *is* the same model.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): after just 1000 more words on this essay, making a powerpoint presentation and some handouts, and compiling some handouts i've made throughout the semester, I can sleep. At Last.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i can't finish because i keep looking up manga i'm never gonna sleep
Bill: Phrasing.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): yeah i wrote about that already <:lenny:395307171539189760>
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): ~~the first sentence makes it sound like I finished already but that's the list of stuff i still have to do~~
Bill: PHRRAAASING
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i am confused
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): what am i doing wrong
if i'm doing it wrong here i'm probably messing up my essay
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): when biru says "phrasing" hes trying to point out that something you said could be taken in a sexual way
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): w o w i'm reporting biru
Bill: https://giphy.com/gifs/archer-sterling-X7T2L1KNO6q3e
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i don't get that gif and at this point i'm too afraid to ask
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea its from archer? i think but i never watched that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~i didnt understand it either for a long time~~
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): is he coming out to tell everyone his orientation
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): my orientation is northeast
Bill: That guy is gay, but he's saying the phrase literally to his like, hillbilly brother with a gun.
Bill: Meanwhile Archer took it as the gay part.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): haha yes thank you for explaining the joke so that we may all laugh and partake in its humor <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: I should rewatch archer when I finish New Girl.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what channel was that on?
Bill: FX.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): someone brought up rick and morty in class today. i forget why but I have an audio recording of it.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): OH and someone talked about a past student that they had
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): they were sick of kids not showing up to tests, so they went all out telling the students that if they don't show up for the next test they're getting a 0 in the class and that's that.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): one kid doesn't show up for the test. doesn't show up for a few days. finally shows up at school one day and the teacher goes off on him saying that because he missed the test, he's getting a 0 and that's final.
the kid is like "that's ok. i have to drop out of school anyway. I missed the test because a witch killed my father so I had to kill the witch and now law enforcement is after me so I have to run away."
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): he quit teaching there soon after
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ummmmm WHAT
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): it be like that sometimes
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): as the night wears on my humor grows more cynical. must resist making cynical comments in bne.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i don't think they mean the anime idol group muse
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): no lol
Bill: ~~you call that cynical~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this muse:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek0SgwWmF9w
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): wow love live really changed their image huh
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): why do people always spell my name wrong when they message me and the spelling of my name is *right there*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mawisa
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): that is a fine and valid spelling
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): laws exist on the internet that say L and R flaps can be replaced with W
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): 
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): you what now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHY
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): this is my classmate
hook him up with hates his wife coworker guy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WOW WTF
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i honestly can't tell if that's a joke or not because i know he did cheat on her once. this is the guy who took my advice to fake a horrible life-threatening illness to break off a relationship with his boss
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHY ARE YOU ENGAGED IF YOU CHEAT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that shit makes me sick
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): apparently they went through a rough patch and separated for a bit so he started the affair in that time and then they got back together and he couldn't end the affair because he was afraid of losing his job
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
