Bill: Man, I have no clue where my fitbit ended up.
Bill: Rip.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: same
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It's in the bathroom closet babe 😂
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: o
Total Nok-out (Marisa): When I’m allowed to sleep in I do so for 13 hours oops
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Same
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Apparently
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: But only on Friday
Total Nok-out (Marisa): friday of a con u are gonna wake up so early
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i was just in a suite with 14 instruments split between 6 boys
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i felt so surrounded by musics
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): and all i played was flute in high school oof
Total Nok-out (Marisa): did you have an impromptu jam session
Total Nok-out (Marisa): a good ol' fashioned shindig
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): well my roomie kiera came down and she has an acoustic
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): and noah plays bass
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): and noahs roomie had his electric guitar
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): and i was just sitting there like o.o
Total Nok-out (Marisa): SING GEORGIA
YOU'RE THE LEADER SINGER NOW
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ive been thinking of picking up an instrument, it would be a cool skill
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): gasp my calling
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): my voice is my instrument
Total Nok-out (Marisa): charge back down there like "wake up y'all we're forming a band now"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): you gotta wear KISS facepaint while doing so
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ~~homestuck~~ kiss facepaint?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): homestuck facepaint also acceptible. great thinking.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): we can all be fantrolls
Total Nok-out (Marisa): basically just dress up as gamzee and head down there
Total Nok-out (Marisa): forget the band idea that's genius
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i'm scheduling a meeting with a cosplay photographer i know to teach them english as part of a school project
conversation basically went:
me: "When would you like to start? I can meet you on Saturday but I have plans on Sunday and won't be available."
him: "Saturday is perfect. By the way, are you planning on going to the Ikebukuro Halloween Cosplay Event?"
me: "................yeah that's my sunday plan whoops"

called out. i should've 100% expected it, because cosplay photographer. but still C A L L E D O U T.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): when i can't study i have to resort to the worst options possible like calling myself out on instagram to actually achieve anything
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Understandable
Andrew: apparently my friends are too drunk to go play GO
Bill: Wish that was me.
Bill: Some guy in a neighboring office:
> So I work with this climate control committee...
> And I work with students...
> You know what you shouldn't do when your teaching?
> Fuck one of your students man.
Bill: What a day.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Lmao
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): atrocity i spent like 3 hours drawing last year vs garbage i sketched up in 10 minutes just now
live ur dreams u can improve anything ur heart desires
Bill: Is that you? Beautiful.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): are u calling me a furry
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~it can't be me there are no glasses~~
~~my furry self portrait is different~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo i like both
Total Nok-out (Marisa): This punk really got me over here at 1am drawing furry fanart smh
Total Nok-out (Marisa): im quitting
Total Nok-out (Marisa): here's my letter of resignation bye
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~that's pretty old rip why does it even exist~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): OBVIOUSLY i would be a BAT not a FOX gosh
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Adorbale 👌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dang it past marisa what are you doin
Bill: I guess chill pickle likes what he sees cause he always do my question things.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): IS THAT UR FURSONA
Bill: I have said oof in multiple conversations today, with my boss and coworkers.
Bill: Well.
Bill: I guess I'm just a meme now.
Bill: Oh hey my folks are back already.
Bill: I thought they came back tomorrow.
Bill: I need the next half hour to be over.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i need the next hour to be over
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): 
Bill: So fighting game night is ever Wednesday right?
Bill: At recess?
Bill: <@!351785752197201920> (you need to put Tom in your username again, pun or not) <@!351471675843411978> <@!228287793099440128> are we thinking of going again?
Bill: 
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Amazing
Bill: Right so? Go?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm cool with it but idk if there will be enough people for Tom to go lol
Bill: It’s soul cal, I’d play some.
Bill: Can we go tomuuuuu?
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Idk yet I'm to worried about car stuff atm
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Once I get my raise I'm buying a new car but for now, Saturn is gonna cut it
Bill: Do you mean isn’t?
Bill: I think I’d have to meet you there... I’ll be in Armonk.
Bill: Depends.
