Afina (Georgia): I've been offline all day so I'm late to the party but HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAVE
Dave: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Dave: thx
Dave: BOOM Friday 🍻
Nokri (Marisa): Went for overly expensive pizza after class ($30 for 4 slices of a pan-sized pizza wot) and confirmed all my classmates are at least like 20 years older than me yip yip
Aldus (Jess): u baby
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah they wouldn’t let me see the lewd cat tattoo they were looking at on a phone
Nokri (Marisa): They ordered a plain pizza for me though because it had a basil leaf on it and during class I wouldn’t shut up about eating leaves so I appreciate it
Aldus (Jess): was it a good time?
Nokri (Marisa): Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Nokri (Marisa): Socializin be tough
Aldus (Jess): ye i feels u
Bill: Mood. They look like nice enough peeps.
Nokri (Marisa): Ye good thing you can see all
Nokri (Marisa): We found a registered pervert online who looks identical and has the same name as our classmate so one girl started laugh crying in public transit
Aldus (Jess): D:!
Nokri (Marisa): It’s not his real name it’s his nickname
Bill: Work is annoying today.
Bill: I’ve got all these big slow things to deal with.
Nokri (Marisa): snails??
Bill: Kinda basically.
Nokri (Marisa): the snails are what ails ya
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: So when I got frames for prints at micheals they gave a pumpkin spice candle.
Bill: I lit it the other day and now I'm low key loving having a candle at my desk.
Nokri (Marisa): Get many candles and place them around your desk for the Halloween aesthetic
Bill: It's getting chilly and I love it.
Aldus (Jess): ~~tomorrow supposed to be 78~~
Bill: ~~why do you destroy what makes me happy~~
Aldus (Jess): cuz im tired of overcast skies and rain and i need sun
Aldus (Jess): like i dont care if its a little chilly but this weather is murder
Aldus (Jess): whoa the sun must have heard me it just came out
Aldus (Jess): ive gotten like nothing done this week at work
Bill: mm...
Bill: So I skipped a work social thing last night cause it's 3 hours away from home and ended at 11pm. Very long trip.
Bill: 
Aldus (Jess): OMG
Bill: That's spooky man.
Aldus (Jess): spooky?
Bill: Sounds like the team is rather intolerant of different opinions.
Elfriede (Tom): It's not different opinions really
Elfriede (Tom): People are just really intolerant of trump specifically cuz he's so polarizing
Bill: That's all he really said to me, but that's...
Bill: wow.
Bill: I'm so tired.
Bill: Guess this morning wore me out more than I thought.
Dave: Drink some beer and take a nap
Aldus (Jess): i just estimated i only have to work anoth 2.340 weeks until i can retire
Dave: There is no retirement in the future
Aldus (Jess): until i can maybe retire
