Nokri (Marisa): what's up scooby doos
Aldus (Jess): Day 2 with no husband, I ate eggs for dinner cuz I don't know how to cook for one
Nokri (Marisa): that's so sad dizzy play despacito
Nokri (Marisa): when someone on reddit is complaining/asking for advice and uses the word "female" to talk about a girl u know it isn't gonna end well
Aldus (Jess): YEET
Aldus (Jess): Ok I just need to gather energy to do downstairs and get one more load of laundry upstairs and folded and put away
Nokri (Marisa): sending energy vibes 〰
Aldus (Jess): I did it! With your help!
Nokri (Marisa): ⭐ you did it! ⭐
Bill: God I’m uncomfortable in my own skin today.
Bill: This drive is already hell.
Bill: Though I took a detour to avoid 80 traffic; it’s basically go to Tom and Jess’s.
Elfriede (Tom): I forgot to make this joke but, im.coming out if my cage and I'm doin just fine
Bill: They’ve got you up early.
Elfriede (Tom): Ye, 7
Elfriede (Tom): For food tho
Elfriede (Tom): Same yesterday
Elfriede (Tom): Prob same tomorrow
Bill: 10 miles. Nothing like a 2 hour rainy drive with multiple detours to make you want to get to work.
Nokri (Marisa): have you ever naruto run to work
Nokri (Marisa): did you notice that the elves in the dragon prince naruto run
Aldus (Jess): Aw ye
Bill: Yeeee it so baaaad
Bill: ~~coming to Tom and Jess’s door in 2018~~
Aldus (Jess): its one of those day where everytime i start getting into doing something, someone comes over and needs something right away
Bill: So remember those lemon drops I couldn't find in the city the other day?
Bill: It's cause I bought them in Armonk.
Bill: bored.
Bill: No Armonk thursday, they're all out of office for a community service day, but I have to go into New York.
Bill: ~~I really need to batten down and search for something closer, I'm too tired for this~~
Aldus (Jess): oof ~~i wanna make more suggestions too erik but i dont wanna be pretentious~~
Bill: ~~channel that into designing me a card~~
Aldus (Jess): are you actually asking me?
Dave: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Absolutely.
Bill: I didn't say "I need a new card" for nothin.
Aldus (Jess): ~~if you want stuff you gotta ask not just hint~~
Bill: ~~excuse you know I'm a passive aggressive SoB~~
Bill: The old ones are *okay*, but they rely on a photo I'm not a huge fan of, don't use my signature and are clearly built from a template.
Aldus (Jess): how many images would you like to use?
Bill: Not sure.
Bill: I haven't seen alot of photographer cards to know what they're like.
Bill: For reference.
Bill: Ignore them being beat up, they’ve been in my wallet for a year.
Bill: The black and white scheme is classy, and fits the old english, but I don't do alot of black and white and that's not a great sample of my work...
Bill: Actually, I'd lean one, maybe two images at most. I don't want the card to feel crowded, I like the 'key image' look.
Aldus (Jess): yea i like one image, or maybe one on front one on back. Id stay away from doing all black and white, doesnt showcase the work well enough
Aldus (Jess): I'd pick a more legible font personally
Aldus (Jess): obviously your logo would be added
Bill: If you’re willing, I wouldn’t mind Whoozica designed cards. Just fair warning, I’d be critical cause if I’m printing them I want to like them.
Aldus (Jess): yea i know 😦 ~~thats why i didnt offer~~
Bill: Then nah, all good.
Aldus (Jess): I mean i can try
Aldus (Jess): ~~i just have delicate feelings~~ but i made it through college so 🤷
Aldus (Jess): do you like the old english?
Bill: I know, that’s why I never asked. 😉
Aldus (Jess): am i doing this or not? lol
Bill: It’s up to you. I’m not going to be a dick, I don’t think you can even *do* bad work, but I do want something that fits my style.
Bill: I do, not specifically for the font but for the “style” or feel of old English.
Aldus (Jess): send me examples of stuff you think is relative to "your style", pick a few candidate photos for them, send my your logo in native form and ill see if i can make something you might like
Bill: Kinda dignified, old school.
Aldus (Jess): I'd almost suggest having 2 different cards, one for cosplay photography and one for regular but thats up to you.
Bill: That’s what I was going to say.
Bill: Kinda want a third in the black and white scheme. think it’d be nice, with the emphasis on the logo. A lot like my story splash I use.
Aldus (Jess): well lets get one done and then well see what else we can do
Bill: Driving now tho.
Aldus (Jess): i dont mean right now lol
Aldus (Jess): im just saying lets not get ahead of ourselves
Aldus (Jess): mm ok i see, the old English is part of the logo essentially 🤔
Bill: I can’t do one image for a cosplay card. It’ll look like a Whoozica or Wezrez card with the wrong text. 😅
Aldus (Jess): 🤔
Aldus (Jess): That's a valid point
Bill: Hey <@!141729881779077121>, can you make like, a heat map of coffee shops in the Tristate area? Which areas have more Dunkin versus Starbucks, etc?
