Elfriede (Tom): 😰 how dare Dave
Nokri (Marisa): does madameterralupus have naturally blonde or brown hair
Aldus (Jess): Brown
Elfriede (Tom): Brown
Nokri (Marisa): Brown
Nokri (Marisa): thank
Dave: brown
Nokri (Marisa): the colossalcon mascot is an immortal loli from the bronze age: change my mind
Nokri (Marisa): lolis would continue to develop their muscles so it would make sense for them to get older until they're at least 20 or so but *maybe* ancient people just got addled with so many diseases and tooth rot and improperly healed bones that younger people are considered healthier
maybe immortality freezes your physical development so ancient lolis act childish because their neural pathways stopped changing
this is how the body works right
Aldus (Jess): Yea exactly
Bill: HAPPY ANNIVERSARY YOU BEAUTIFUL SMOLS <@!351785752197201920> <@!351471675843411978>
Nokri (Marisa): happy birth of your wedding
https://neetaku86.files.wordpress.com/2017/02/tumblr_mu48ulzolz1rlvqceo1_1280.gif?w=779&h=432
Bill: I woke this morning like I had actual energy.
Bill: Leave it to the train to kill that.
Elfriede (Tom): 👌
Aldus (Jess): Thank you!
Bill: Elizabeth is running cadences again, so it's the return of the 10 minute conversations relevant to 2 people of the 14 on the call.
Bill: Otherwise knows as going down the rabbit hole.
Bill: https://giphy.com/gifs/disney-alice-in-wonderland-rabbit-hole-dj7zP63Xms7sY
Nokri (Marisa): wow. aurii irl
Bill: ?
Nokri (Marisa): your coworkers are underground rabbit people
Bill: pfft lol
Nokri (Marisa): i'm bored
Nokri (Marisa): i've been wearing a handkerchief on my head for about 20 minutes and it was really fun at first but the novelty is starting to wear off
Bill: I just want these damn rooms done.
Nokri (Marisa): pwobabwy gotta wait until noon
Bill: more like 11:50.
Bill: In order to get through the phone queue.
Nokri (Marisa): you ever think about the way some lizards kick their feet when they swim
Nokri (Marisa): except iguanas those are more majestic i think
Nokri (Marisa): lizard feet are a mood right now
Bill: you really are bored.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm slowly cleaning but it's midnight and i don't wanna be loud and it's a little humid
Nokri (Marisa): but look at this guy
Nokri (Marisa): https://78.media.tumblr.com/5443b881711161a1b7f67d4efac007a1/tumblr_nuvasuopux1ues38qo1_500.gif
Nokri (Marisa): do you think earwax was a commercial commodity back in the day, like how beeswax is sold in stores today
Nokri (Marisa): apparently in the 1800s it was used to heal puncture wounds from nails and skewers, and seamstresses would hem dresses with it. ew.
Aldus (Jess): EW thats nasty
Nokri (Marisa): [shows up to a cosplay contest] yes, i used a french seam here, then the hem was surged and i trimmed it with earwax for good measure. my own, of course.
Nokri (Marisa): oh it was just for threads not the actual fabric.
i like my story though.
Nokri (Marisa): do you think the story of genies granting wishes but they backfire spectacularly originated from some guy who made some bad choices and went broke but found some old dusty lamp and went home like "i found this magic genie i swear and he promised me riches but he tricked me and now i'm penniless"
Aldus (Jess): probably
Nokri (Marisa): imagine dumbo but dumbo was a human
but instead of like a circus trafficking ring it was just a regular person with really big ears that they used to fly around
Nokri (Marisa): nyoom
Nokri (Marisa): i'm going to bed and gonna stop bothering everyone soon i promise but there's a pile on my bed and i'm too lazy to clear it off right now so at least until the room block opens it's party time :3c
Aldus (Jess): YOU NOT BOTHER US
Aldus (Jess): you're the most entertaining part of today so far XD
Bill: Yuuuup
Nokri (Marisa): you say that until i dig out (haha get it) more historical earwax anecdotes and do you think lizards have earwax
Bill: Think sitting on hold is *fun*?
Aldus (Jess): probably nor
Nokri (Marisa): oh
lizards don't have ears
that's sad i guess
so no earwax u are correct jess
Nokri (Marisa): are you at least sitting on a cushion while sitting on hold
Bill: Especially not for this starwood number, cause they play music for about 20 seconds, then pause like someone picked up, then played an ad.
Nokri (Marisa): what lit tunes are they playing
Bill: Sounds like something out of Pangya tbh.
Nokri (Marisa): are you talking about the online multiplayer casual golf simulation game designed by Korean development company, Ntreev Soft and NCSOFT.
Bill: YUP
Bill: I switch off this in 5 minutes to the in house reservation number tho. I dunno if I'll be in a queue or not, but if I end up getting through early hopefully we can have a laugh about it.
Nokri (Marisa): you call again and it's all music from katamari damacy
Nokri (Marisa): oh my god do you think someone was ever born with a finger as a toe
i don't want to look that up so i'm going to see how far i can turn my neck like an owl without hopefully dislocating it
Bill: plz do not break neck.
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.animemaru.com/monogatari-cosplaying-contest-results-in-multiple-neck-injuries/
Nokri (Marisa): shoutout to those ladies in africa who wear neck rings and get super long necks
Nokri (Marisa): the suspense for rooms is palatable. i wish i could eat it because i'm hungry.
Nokri (Marisa): look at this tiny
oven
for a single cookie
ridiculous i want 30
https://twitter.com/kokokotaki913/status/1041615975953530880
Nokri (Marisa): you could wear it as a hat. a hat that bakes cookies ugh
Nokri (Marisa): get a wide-brimmed hat and stick them along the edge and you're basically a walking factory
Nokri (Marisa): [eating a cookie during class]
teacher: did you bring enough for the whole class?
student: [puts on the hat and starts mass-producing baked treats while staring dominantly at the teacher]
Nokri (Marisa): wear a really poofy skirt and stick a bunch in the petty coat so cookies just fall randomly as you walk
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao you're killing me
Nokri (Marisa): getting into a fight and the one guy goes "woah woah don't mess with me punk i've got a tiny brick oven that makes cookies in my pocket"
Nokri (Marisa): do u require medical assistance
Dave: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): you know those drinking bird toys that's just a plastic or wooden bird dipping its beak in some water repeatedly forever because laws of gravity or something
imagine the top part really big on a hat as the next big fashion statement
Nokri (Marisa): WAIT
Nokri (Marisa): ok your hat can have a hat that'd be cool BUT WAIT
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): cosplay idea
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): ITS SO NEW
Elfriede (Tom): SO HIP
Elfriede (Tom): EVERYONE WILL BE WEARING ONE SOON
Nokri (Marisa): actual image of katsucon 2019
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): trendy
Elfriede (Tom): 
Aldus (Jess): linkt aht shiut
Bill: ^
Elfriede (Tom): https://arstechnica.com/science/2018/09/study-people-tend-to-cluster-into-four-distinct-personality-types/
Aldus (Jess): 🤔
Bill: Sounds like he's trying to reinvent myers briggs using DaTA scIEnCE.
Bill: well.
Bill: I've done nothing useful for work.
Bill: and I have no motivation to get on that.
Bill: Performance review season has begun.
Aldus (Jess): Those statements together are pretty ironic
Bill: They *are*.
Bill: Course, I'm taking this to point out that I stepped up when Kyle left, got no support for 3 months, and didn't want to be a solo act from day one.
Bill: *junior* data engineer my ass.
Aldus (Jess): To you boss?
Bill: Well, that's the point.
Bill: Part of the review is I tell him what I did, and how I feel that meet/exceeded expectations.
Aldus (Jess): Yea I just wasn't sure if you were saying it to juat us or if you were planning on that
Bill: nah, I want him to know what's up. I'm very tired of copra and it's garbo project management.
Dave: Happy anniversary Tommy wiseau and jess
Aldus (Jess): TANK
Aldus (Jess): So I have a predicament. I wore my glasses with my wig the other dad and I guess it was too tight cuz my glasses rubbed my skin raw behind my ears so now it hurts to wear my glasses 😭
Bill: yowch
Aldus (Jess): yeaaaa put some Neosporin on them and I'm gonna try to keep them off as much as possible but that isn't very much
Bill: bandaids behind your ear maybe?
Aldus (Jess): That would probably just get stick in my hair
Bill: wrap bandaid around glasses so there's padding.
Aldus (Jess): 🤔
Bill: my hands are all crampy today.
Bill: post's coming tho!
Elfriede (Tom): Woah
Elfriede (Tom): What's an Aurii
Bill: That thing you've been playing rune factory instead of. 😏
Bill: Hat hair is the bane of my existence.
