Nokri (Marisa): I got a ticket for the cosplay show tonight WOO. But I’m like the most unpopular cosplayer here whoops. I had a line for .2 seconds but it went quickly and now I’m an empty spot in between two huuuge lines haha whoops
Elfriede (Tom): W A T
Nokri (Marisa): I heard the girl next to me speaking fluent English without an accent. How do I communicate with her <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): A little girl wanted a selfie with me that’s so pure
Aldus (Jess): "Hello I also speak the English'
Elfriede (Tom): That's so cute
Elfriede (Tom): 👌
Nokri (Marisa): french fry banana
Nokri (Marisa): like a banana but instead of banana iwait this is not the server i thought it was
Nokri (Marisa): hey u guys what do you think about a banana that's a french fry <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): *a blooming onion*
Dave: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): where are the equal sign and onion emojis
Dave: Need uem staf
Bill: Motivation gone. Lying on bedroom floor.
Bill: I’m boredddd
Bill: ~~I bought that video lecture series on portrait photography and the guy's voice is making want to kill children~~
Bill: OH, MY GOD.
Bill: Time to look for a refund. I skipped ahead to the real meat of the course, the portrait stuff. *He doesn't have real models.* He has a *program* that *simulates* lighting scenarios.
Afina (Georgia): Lol wut
Bill: I got my 15 bucks back.
Bill: I'd call today a waste, but the link pictures I took are awesome.
Bill: No maxima for me. They couldn’t give me anywhere near a decent price.
Nokri (Marisa): Wow a program with simulations. He definitely knows photography.
Nokri (Marisa): I should be leaving in ten minutes but I am too tired to move and too tired to stand on a crowded train for an hour and a half then in line for an hour bluh
Elfriede (Tom): Yeeep know dat feel
Elfriede (Tom): Not the train part tho
Nokri (Marisa): The keiyo line stinks if you don’t have a seat because it’s always switching tracks and super bumpy
Come join it’s like what a roller coaster is I assume
