Nokri (Marisa): Eyy some dark stuff to talk about

For the suicide prevention day thing, I see a lot of people posting “warning signs” which is great for people to watch out for (like talking about death or harm), but they’re missing some crucial ones. 
That be, if someone who was previously obviously excessively depressed is suddenly better out of the blue. People will act happier when they’ve settled on a date and method because they’re relieved it’s almost over. 
If someone starts selling or giving away their stuff and becomes unconcerned with their personal property. They figure they aren’t going to need it much longer and others can put it to better use.
Nokri (Marisa): That first sign is especially dangerous because it means they’re going to act very very soon.
Nokri (Marisa): The more you know 🌈
Elfriede (Tom): Thats all goopd stuff to know
Aldus (Jess): Those are good points
Nokri (Marisa): ex-suicidal person with social work qualifications AMA i'll be here all week
Nokri (Marisa): do you think animals think they're stylish when we put tiny hats and bandanas on them
Nokri (Marisa): non-human animals
Elfriede (Tom): I hope so
Bill: Tell people that. If you haven’t.
Nokri (Marisa): The animal stuff?
Nokri (Marisa): Maybe it depends on the animal like some cats don’t like dresses
Nokri (Marisa): I had an eye checkup today and withdrew like $300 in hopes that would be enough to cover the medical bill and it was like $13. 
US universal healthcare when
Bill: Should have called out. I just tried power napping in my car.
Elfriede (Tom): Omgg
Nokri (Marisa): are u still napping
Nokri (Marisa): i'm gonna post a bunch of serious stuff to my insta story now i hope it doesn't scare all my followers away and make people upset
Nokri (Marisa): if anyone reads it and thinks it's bad pls lemme know so i can remove asap
Bill: it was good Mawisa.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm going through a hilarious crisis now but i'll save it for my story tomorrow
Bill: If it's a crisis you should share.
Nokri (Marisa): i bought one of those forbidden chocolate eggs with the prize inside. the prize was an anime figure. iT'S DISASSEMBLED I OPENED THE EGG AND A BUNCH OF LIMBS FELL OUT
Bill: oh nah yeah that hilarious.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): I WAS SO EXCITED AND LOOK AT THIS MACABRE CATASTROPHY
Nokri (Marisa): this is why the chocolate eggs are forbidden
Aldus (Jess): LMFAO
Elfriede (Tom): Lmaooo what
Aldus (Jess): your story was really good Marisa! I'm glad you posted it, you are a brave bean ❤
Nokri (Marisa): thank u but i'm crying because his shoulder doesn't fit and the head is just staring at me
Aldus (Jess): lmao
Nokri (Marisa): help
Elfriede (Tom): USAAFFFF NOOOO
Bill: well said Mawisa.
Nokri (Marisa): ARE YOU READY FOR THE THRILLING CONCLUSION OF THIS SAGA
i fixed him
Nokri (Marisa): he
Nokri (Marisa): dabs
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): from a pile of limbs in a chocolate egg prison to a free dabbing man. a true cinderella story if i've ever heard one.
Aldus (Jess): AMAZING
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo I got a bite on instagram. Someone is under the weather and they’re in Tokyo so I’m forcing them to share their feelings over some Halloween Pokémon pancakes.
Nokri (Marisa): Mission accomplished. Dab five. That’s like a high five but involved a dab.
Aldus (Jess): ❤
Aldus (Jess): you're meeting them in person? 😮
Bill: oh wow.
Bill: Marisa, making new friends like a BAWOSS.
Aldus (Jess): Marisa: #1 Weeb Social Worker
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo I’ve known her for years we used to be dorm mates I can’t make friends ha
Nokri (Marisa): Goes into therapy session
Sits on therapists chair like L from death note
Aldus (Jess): YEA
Aldus (Jess): im glad you'll be able too help! i think your info will help alot of people ❤
Aldus (Jess): a literal train of trash just passed by
Elfriede (Tom): OH
Elfriede (Tom): Nice tho!
Bill: how?
Aldus (Jess): a train track runs right behind my work
Aldus (Jess): i can sees it from my window
Bill: I mean how is it nice lol
Aldus (Jess): ooo lmao
Aldus (Jess): well the train is kinda exciting
Afina (Georgia): Omg every person I meet at Rutgers is named Daniel
Afina (Georgia): My lab partner
Afina (Georgia): The guy in my physics classes who plays league
Afina (Georgia): Maybe it's just physics majors
Bill: My hair looks great today. Too bad I’m so dead.
Bill: ooooh I can feel the sickness coming on. I want to go homeee...
Aldus (Jess): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09LTT0xwdfw
Aldus (Jess): srry ill show myself out
Dizzy: If only... this hammer... WASN'T SO HE...AVY! Ooof!
Bill: !kick Jess
Aldus (Jess): to bad her name is dizzy and not nora, the we'd all be banned
Bill: ~~you want to be banned?~~
Aldus (Jess): naaaaa
Bill: 
Bill: Alright. Home the rest of the week. I just need to get home.
Afina (Georgia): 
Afina (Georgia): CACKLES TRIUMPHANTLY
Bill: ?
Afina (Georgia): Casey was reminiscing about me and her
Bill: That’s good.
