Elfriede (Tom): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Y’all may think I’m crazy being 15 minutes early to everything, but when the entire road between Netcong and me is backed up I still made it to the train.
Nokri (Marisa): The Moon is Beautiful Tonight.
Aldus (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: There was a new chapter of this Star Fox fanfic I’ve been reading for yours. It’s actually covered 47 days of warfare when the system invaded. 

Now I wanna play a game with resource management and military conquest. Lone special forces team against the world.
Aldus (Jess): halo wars
Aldus (Jess): ~~i actually have no clue it was just the first this i thought of~~
Bill: Iiii mean a tabletop.
Bill: Dad did get me a copy of the original (read: good) Star Wars tabletop.
Elfriede (Tom): Oh wow lmao
Elfriede (Tom): Dha moon
Bill: Rip. I thought my bose headphones charged via usb c.
Bill: They don't.
Bill: Just airpods today.
Aldus (Jess): co worker: "hey van you finifhe that thing today"
Me: "done"
"ok what about this?"
"also done"
Nokri (Marisa): omg ur psychic
Nokri (Marisa): today's two moods are brought to you by:
thoroughly washing dishes and pans immediately after use, before eating, so the dishes are already mostly taken care of
and
throwing all the wet laundry into the bathtub because lol that's future me's problem
Bill: That is adult life right there.
Elfriede (Tom): I know that feel minus the bathtub
Nokri (Marisa): u just throw the wet laundry to the wind?
Nokri (Marisa): majestic
Elfriede (Tom): We have a
Elfriede (Tom): Gasp
Elfriede (Tom): Dryer
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): catch me crying at work cuz my coworkers daughter saw a prince on tv and said "dad! dad!"
Elfriede (Tom): Prince?
Aldus (Jess): ye
Aldus (Jess): on some barbie movie
Aldus (Jess): big oof
Aldus (Jess): i thought i had a packing list form last year for camping. NOPE
Elfriede (Tom): Oof
Bill: ya'll know how I like licorice jelly beans?
Bill: I thought I might like licorice twizzler.
Aldus (Jess): im assuming that means you dont?
Bill: Ye no.
Aldus (Jess): 🤔
Aldus (Jess): have you tried other licorice? or just jelly beans and twillzers?
Bill: just those.
Bill: Not the licorice flavor that bugs me, it's just the texture of a twizzler just doesn't work with the licorice flavor.
Aldus (Jess): what about these? https://www.candyconceptsinc.com/thumbnail.asp?file=assets/images/licorice-assortments-2a.png&maxx=300&maxy=0
Bill: nope.
Aldus (Jess): now i want licorice
Aldus (Jess): drive those twizzlers to my house
Aldus (Jess): the Twizzler kind is what most people mean when they say licorice
Bill: Ye, I feel like... they need to be firmer?
Bill: Is that a way I can describe it?
Aldus (Jess): these are firmer! http://cdn3.volusion.com/ueqga.dbgks/v/vspfiles/photos/22-2.jpg
Bill: exactly ye.
Bill: I think it's just twizzlers being twizzlers.
Aldus (Jess): candy stores have the good ones
Aldus (Jess): hmmm and anise cookies, those are good
Bill: I actually went to CVS for these lemon drops I bought Monday. I didn't open them till I was at home, but they were *really* good.
Bill: I couldn't find them again though.
Bill: I need to check the bag tonight.
Aldus (Jess): god this is last thing i shoud be looking at rn
Bill: shit I'm falling asleep.
Bill: Hard core.
Bill: I got lemon drops and had the
Aldus (Jess): i have a splitting headache so bad im about to cry and i have to pack tonight i dont think posting is happening 😩
Bill: I certainly wasn't going to say anything about posting. Focus on not being in pain.
Aldus (Jess): im just frudtrated cuz ive been trying to catch up for like hours now but i cant focus
Bill: Take a break then, forcing your head to work doesn't work.
