Bill: I'm so tired... I wanted to take tonight and crack into photos but like... I think I'm going to give up and just watch the office till I pass out.
Nokri (Marisa): is today a japanese holiday
people are playing flutes and drums at the shrine across the street
maybe a purification thing?
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Nokri (Marisa): I hear clapping but I’m still scared to go look. It sounds like it’s almost over anyway, someone is saying some kind of prayer?
Nokri (Marisa): OH ITs September 1st
Nokri (Marisa): That’s when the great earthquake happened in 1923
Nokri (Marisa): So it’s when all the people jumped into the lake where the shrine once stood and died
Aldus (Jess): Ohhhhhh wow
Nokri (Marisa): Ye it’s pretty metal
Nokri (Marisa): And tragic
Nokri (Marisa): Sounds like the ceremony is done
Afina (Georgia🍀): Wait why did they jump into the lake?
Nokri (Marisa): To escape the fires
Afina (Georgia🍀): Oh god that's intense
Nokri (Marisa): the earthquake happened around noon when everyone was making lunch, and 99% of buildings were made of wood. ye the fires lasted nearly a week after the quake
Nokri (Marisa): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1923_Great_Kant%C5%8D_earthquake
Nokri (Marisa): they had a lot of *fire tornadoes*
Nokri (Marisa): look look my neighborhood is in a manga
Elfriede (Tom): oo look at that
Nokri (Marisa): i have a one track mind and now it's on yona
Nokri (Marisa): how do i explain to a twitter friend that their idea is pretty racist and humans around the world are all basically the same
Nokri (Marisa): he's a train/airplane otaku and complaining that the English "Please refrain from talking with cell phone for consideration to others" is a very Japanese-sounding announcement, so out of consideration for the increasing amount of foreign households with elementary aged children (in his words), the announcement should say "to keep the environment quiet" instead of 'in consideration to others'.
but like. people don't care about the environment. they'll care about upsetting other people but won't understand why the environment has to be quiet. how do i say that in japanese.
Nokri (Marisa): many people in japan have a "them vs us" mentality towards foreigners (the fact that they only have that word to refer to us as doesn't help) and it creates this accidental racism conundrum 🤔
Aldus (Jess): Yes alot of people have that problem they don't realize that people are just people for the most part. But yea people are going to care about bothering people more than keeping quiet for "no reason"
Elfriede (Tom): Hmm so I read your explanation twice over and I still feel like I'm missing something
Elfriede (Tom): Like I understand the term that he used but what is he actually complaining about 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): the phrasing used, I think? It was along the lines of "the phrase they use is very Japanese because it asks you to think about other people,"
Elfriede (Tom): Oh okay so he's saying to change it to be selfish sounding so the English will abide
Elfriede (Tom): (I'm.paraphrasing but)
Nokri (Marisa): kinda? it didn't make much sense. I just got a strong "foreign people think differently so we gotta change the phrasing" vibe
Nokri (Marisa): look at the map for this cosplay studio tho
the girl's changing room is the big pink room on the upper right
the guy's changing room is circled
hehehe
Aldus (Jess): Omg 😭
Elfriede (Tom): Omg 😱
Elfriede (Tom): That's so sad
Nokri (Marisa): "girls get this wonderful room. full body mirrors. hair dryers. stage lighting equipment to apply their makeup. the works."
"and the boys?"
"<:lenny:395307171539189760>"
Elfriede (Tom): Omg 😱
Elfriede (Tom): That's so sad
Bill: I wanna do a karaoke room.
Nokri (Marisa): COME TO JAPAN
Bill: And since most are at least by if not in NYC, I say we make a day of the city; Pogo, musuem, whatever in the day and evening in the karaoke bar. Stay the night, leave in the morning.
Nokri (Marisa): oh a bar is very different. bar is bad.
Bill: Still talking about the private room.
Nokri (Marisa): they have ace attorney themed karaoke rooms here. once the room i got was all hello kitty it was nightmareish. 
how u do karaoke if u bar
Bill: You sing infront of the whole bar.
Nokri (Marisa): ew
but it a private room? 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): alcohol hurts my brain when it's just mentioned this is why drugs are bad
Bill: Two different things Marisa.
Bill: Most places that have karaoke rooms serve booze.
Nokri (Marisa): life is complex
Aldus (Jess): Ok I'm so hungry but I'm at the hair dresser so I can't eat
Nokri (Marisa): eat the hair
Bill: ^
Aldus (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): nom
Nokri (Marisa): protein
Nokri (Marisa): how it taste?
Nokri (Marisa): woah u guys biru posted on facebook
Bill: So I don’t think I’m ever really going to be close to Katy again until I have a girlfriend.
Bill: Cause everything with her is Erik this, Erik that. She’s either working, she feels crappy, or with Erik (and if Erik is suddenly available she no longer feels crappy).
Nokri (Marisa): the married girl from japanese class?
o
Nokri (Marisa): not her
Bill: So unless it can be a double date where it’s Erik time too...
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill: My little sister.
Nokri (Marisa): WOAH
is your imouto dating the guy from bne?
Nokri (Marisa): what is this fresh gossip
Elfriede (Tom): Wait what
Elfriede (Tom): AH I FINALLY GOT ALL THE MESSAGES
Bill: No.
Bill: Different Erik lol
Nokri (Marisa): too many eriks. there can only be one.
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: *I like ours better so*
Nokri (Marisa): swap them and maybe she won't notice
Bill: Maybeeee?
Bill: Our Erik is better.
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): wow that's so american
Bill: 
Bill: Anyway. It’s been bugging me.
Nokri (Marisa): this is where a dakimakura would really come in handy
Nokri (Marisa): double dates achieved
Aldus (Jess): Our Erik is cuter
Aldus (Jess): Even with his derp face
Bill: Couldn’t find a non derp on Facebook lol.
Bill: He is.
Bill: He’s got those mega eyebrows, but he owns them.
Nokri (Marisa): he's the taiyang right?
Bill: Erik should cosplay Mugi.
Bill: Ye.
Bill: Best Taiyang.
Nokri (Marisa): omg I have mugi's dress if he fits into a size small
Aldus (Jess): Lmao he def does not
Bill: He’s like, 6’ 6” lol
Nokri (Marisa): i don't get why people find other people attractive
Nokri (Marisa): maybe he can fit
Nokri (Marisa): maybe
Nokri (Marisa): sew a piece of elastic onto it it'll be fine
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): oo BoJo said she'll dig out my keyboard if we still have it i could cosplay mugi somewhere
Bill: It didn't play. Rip.
Nokri (Marisa): it's a keyboard not a  keytar double rip for inaccurate cosplay
Nokri (Marisa): if I GLUE the keyboard TO a guitar
perfect
Afina (Georgia🍀): *clicks watergun* okay CCE is project waifu
Afina (Georgia🍀): I'll shoot the cute girls with water, hiding from the bushes
Afina (Georgia🍀): And Billiam will sprint over like "ILL SAVE YOU"
Afina (Georgia🍀): This is a foolproof plan
Bill: Oh, that's what your on about.
Bill: Almost lost me for a second.
Bill: Remember the last time I sprinted at someone? Ryan almost ended up flattened at Next.
Bill: And he's deceptively strong for his frame.
Nokri (Marisa): don't forget the subtle harem
you need people to flank you so after you rescue them they can be like "ohmygosh! You're so lucky to be rescued by tilt worm! we're so jealous!" and throw glitter at him so he sparkles
Bill: More like "ohmg wezrez cosplay shot me with water I can die happy".
Nokri (Marisa): nono this is scientifically proven to work, we did it at katsu's akatsuki no yona shoot a few years ago it totally works
Bill: Oooh, or "thanks for trying to save me from that out of control katamari"
Bill: Thanks Georgia. CCE is vacation con. No trying to meet ~~girls~~ people, not that I flirt with strangers anywhere else, just friends and alcohol and bonding.
Bill: Besides, I can't imagine trying will be more successful than organically meeting people.
Nokri (Marisa): non-GMO people
Bill: Besides, the complaint before is more about Katy than me being single.
Nokri (Marisa): what is katy's favorite anime
Bill: None.
Bill: We're total opposites.
Nokri (Marisa): run
Aldus (Jess): Lmao run from your sister
Nokri (Marisa): where are y'all that you have no phone service
Aldus (Jess): Montague
Nokri (Marisa): bless you
Aldus (Jess): Idk how these kids are managing to watch YouTube
Nokri (Marisa): they're stealing the internet how rude
Aldus (Jess): Right, guess they'll just have to repay me by letting me steal them for cosplay
Nokri (Marisa): they hacked the internet that's how they got it
Aldus (Jess): Shit you right
Aldus (Jess): Hacked it to watch meme videos
Aldus (Jess): Omg one just spilt strawberry milk all over the floor and now I think he crying 😭
Nokri (Marisa): yeah that's seven
Aldus (Jess): Ooo NVM he just looks like he's crying but hes watching videos
Aldus (Jess): Definitely seven
Nokri (Marisa): time to do lineart and absolutely MESS this drawing up
Elfriede (Tom): Ah yes
Elfriede (Tom): Water drinking and bondage ofc
Nokri (Marisa): w
what
Nokri (Marisa): please respond i am concerned
Elfriede (Tom): That's was cce is all about, biru said so
Elfriede (Tom): That's was cce is all about, biru said so
Elfriede (Tom): Internet is choppy, can only respond in short bursts
Nokri (Marisa): gotta go ghost
Bill: *bondage?*
Nokri (Marisa): hey you were the one to insinuate it
Bill: BondING.
Bill: ~~But if Tom's game...~~
Afina (Georgia🍀): 
Afina (Georgia🍀): I wish it was easier to tell people that I just don't care
Bill: ~~bring me your phone~~
Aldus (Jess): Lmfao
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao
Elfriede (Tom): LEME TELL YOU ABOUT MY OCS
Elfriede (Tom): Just
Elfriede (Tom): You
Elfriede (Tom): Even thou I could put that on my story
Elfriede (Tom): But you don't follow me so
Elfriede (Tom): The ol classic, I follow you so we're friends
Afina (Georgia🍀): YEAAAAH and there's not really any room for me to say no
Bill: What he's saying has nothing to do with that.
Afina (Georgia🍀): He's saying "can I tell you about my OCs"
Afina (Georgia🍀): But he's not really asking
Afina (Georgia🍀): Cause I can't politely say no
Eliran (Halim): maybe later i'm working
Eliran (Halim): if you at least want to push it off for now
Bill: Me looking at the Maxima trunk: *how many weapons can I fit in here*
Bill: Ooop now the front runner for mom seems like equinox.
Elfriede (Tom): Maybe they buy a new one in a year or two
Bill: You laugh, I'm really tired of car shopping.
Bill: ~~So are they~~
Bill: If they go that way though, it may end up at Georgia's dealership.
