Elfriede (Tom): Aweeeeeee
Aldus (Jess): Burned my.leg with coffee this morning<:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): wow what did the coffee say to your leg?
Nokri (Marisa): Perform evasive maneuvers
Aldus (Jess): "I will hurt you"
Nokri (Marisa): Fight coffee omg that’s threatening behavior call the police
Aldus (Jess): the power flicker, i hope it goes out and i can go home
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao you say that every time the lights flicker hahaha
Elfriede (Tom): Like twice a month
Aldus (Jess): YEA I GOTTA HAVE HOPE
Aldus (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>  did u now your birthday is Eat an Extra Dessert Day?
Aldus (Jess): ooo today is Videos Games Day
Aldus (Jess): Its also chocolate milkshake day!
Aldus (Jess): Tomorrow is computer programmer's day!
Aldus (Jess): Sunday is Wife appreciation day! and guacamole day
Nokri (Marisa): isn't sneak a piece of zucchini onto your neighbor's porch day coming up soon
Nokri (Marisa): IT WAS IN AUGUST
Nokri (Marisa): OH NO
Nokri (Marisa): THE ZUCCHINI
Aldus (Jess): OH NO
Aldus (Jess): SEPTEMBER IS SEWING MONTH
Aldus (Jess): GOTTA SEW
Elfriede (Tom): OOOO
Nokri (Marisa): Important:
Nokri (Marisa): 🦖🦕
Bill: Pray for me I measured my new prints right and they’ll fit in the frames!
Bill: Wow. Ran into Anthony Palmeri from tech at quickchek. He actually asked if it was me.
Bill: That doesn’t happen, usually when you see someone from high school you try not to get recognized. 😂
Aldus (Jess): ~~i hate that kid~~
Bill: Oh?
Aldus (Jess): he was on my bus, he was an absolute asshole, would talk very loudly and explicilty about cumming in his gfs hair, among other places, made fun of everyone
Aldus (Jess): hopefully hes different now but man i hated him
Bill: I remember him being a tool too tbh.
Bill: Wasn’t friends with him.
Aldus (Jess): he was just so disrespectful it was insane
Bill: He seemed pretty mellow though. And since he acknowledge me of all people, I kinda assume he grew up.
Aldus (Jess): yea proabbly
Bill: ~~But he did get fat if that helps~~
Aldus (Jess): yea i saw that on fb
Bill: I need to clean up my room.
Bill: Stuff everywhere.
Bill: ~~but then the con is over~~
Bill: ~~and I'm lazy~~
Aldus (Jess): Line webtoon ads calling me out with comics about white haired wolfie boys 👀
Bill: How often do smokers go through lighters?
Aldus (Jess): disposeable?
Aldus (Jess): or refillable?
Aldus (Jess): depends on often they smoke but if disposable then maybe like 1 a month? they are easy to lose tho
Bill: disposeable.
Bill: I've had this koi fish one since I worked at quick chek years ago.
Aldus (Jess): lol thats cuz you dont use it silly
Bill: Lit the candle I got for free from micheals with my frames.
Bill: Ye.
Bill: Never thought about how quickly they usually run out.
Aldus (Jess): ive had one since i was like 12 that i through out when i moved
Aldus (Jess): i used to use it to melt my cheap eyeliner a lil pit so it would go on smoother <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
