No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Policeman right run up with a stern look, see it’s fake, shake his head and chuckle while leisurely leaving
Bill: Me: I wonder why my SD card for the switch hasn't come
Me: *checks amazon*
Me: cause I left it in the cart, that's why
Bill: However, I got the breath of the wild artbook I vaguely remember preordering.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): demand a refund for the sd card
Bill: So i bought some basswood for whittling.
Bill: I figure it'll give me a goal to work towards for the endless sharpening I was doing.
Bill: Not... terribly talented at minuet things like that, but what the heck.
Bill: new hobbies!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): forget cosplay photography. cosplay wood statue carving is the new in.
Bill: well, I can't practice that without *cosplayers* so it doesn't help on a lazy wednesday working from home.
Bill: I need to start shooting non cosplay again, but I lack inspiration.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): carve wood. photograph wood. inspiration.
Bill: Definitely a way to train my knife sharpening.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): My classmate took my advice seriously and told his boss he has a horrible illness and will die in a few years to break up with her. And then I had to spend 25 minutes explaining to other classmates why some anime girls punch the guys they like. This is peak education.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): WAAAHHH
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Did you sleep
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah I woke up at 4:30 for like 30 minutes and got water
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): thorsty
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Is this innuendo are you guys implying something happened at 4:30
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): *was it 4:20*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i wanna send hunter a facebook friend request because he keeps popping up in the 'friends you might know' section every time i open the app but his profile says to message him before friend requesting and he don't know me
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): but he's a celeb on my app now
Bill: Send it. If he doesn’t friend you he can *die*.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): guess i'll die
Bill: No, he’ll die.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It might have been 420
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Is that a police? I'm calling the weed.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But nah I actually got water.... *This time*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my boss only came in long enoug to have a meeting and then left <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): AND hes apparently out for the next 2 weeks?
Bill: yeet!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): bye bye boss boy
Bill: Foo. "cuts through wood like butter" is either an exaggeration, or I'm terrible at knife sharpening.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): lol a group i'm in is having a bonenkai/year-end party and they wrote "please rsvp by phone or message hakunamatatathimonpunbashinba@docomo
Bill: `Object orientated pattern review and application theory to data science rather than application development. ` This sounds like I was working today and not reading and fucking around.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Oof my professor said she’d email us when she got home and she just sent out the email at 3am. I knew it was rough to travel from Osaka to Tokyo but that’s insane, poor her.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh damn
