Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cries im making a christmas list name
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i want to buy for everyone but i have to cap it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I know dat feel
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i limited myself to my 9 best friendos and then a secret santa for the BNE
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'd like to participate (just send stuff) but i'm afraid it would get lost in the mail again since a lot of my letters haven't been getting delivered recently
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): vote then gurrrrl
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sends out 50 letters in the hope that 1 makes it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I like secret Santa's
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Dey fun
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ^
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): my classmate invited me to something called a white elephant and i'm really psyched to find the most useless thing I can
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm thinking something really dumb and anime related because i'm the only otaku in class. they asked me about how the new pokemon game was and I gave a simple explanation of my thoughts and they were like "can you say that in english" and I was like ???? i did!!, so something really dumb for anime is gonna confuse them to no end
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH i just saw the thing about mailing the gift in the announcement. my bad.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): trying to find thanksgiving stuff in tokyo but restaurants are only serving it when i have school, and for no less than $60 per person so I'll just have to go to 7/11 and buy a ton of junk food to feast on during class. I've been wanting to wake up early and video call my family during their thanksgiving gathering but no one's returning my messages for the last week.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 😱 😭
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That's terribleeee,
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I send you some food in the mail
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): turkey in a bag
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they're just busy probably. hopefully someone responds.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I jokingly told my classmate to fake a terminal illness to solve his problem and he’s taking it seriously and researching illnesses now
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): is instagram not loading for anyone else
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): who am i supposed to show these kirby cookies to if instagram isn't working
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea it having some issues it looks like
Bill: My boss is incredibly chill yes but I’d like... lie. Or at least not ADMIT I over slept.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "was partying last night and am hungover omw"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean my boss is not chill but i still tell the truth
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ive called in at 9:30 and been like "yea i just got up"
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "i've crashed my car for the 16th time this month"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): all in ll oversleeping is a totally legit excuse as long as you dont do it alot
Bill: You think so?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yup ive only done it twice in 4 years, but everybody is human, shit happens
Bill: Twice in 4 years isn’t what I thought you meant though lol. Something a little more regular.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): id say 2 times a year
Bill: I still have the high school mentality that being late at all is punishable.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean it IS but shit happens and if you dont do alot its usually not a big deal like in HS they'd mark you down for tardies but you wouldnt actually get in trouble till there were a couple piled up. 

than again i was almost never late cuz if i missed the bus i had to just stay home
Bill: Yeeee. Fair enough. I was late to middle school ally cause oversleeping, mom got the principal to put the fear of god in me and it stuck.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i did get kind of in trouble for being absent alot one year with no doctors notes but i defended myself by saying i couldnt get doctors notes cuz i didn't have insurance and they didn't know what to say
Bill: YEET.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i used to get out of gym by telling paiva i had my period (which was usually true) and hed be like "ok no problem you take it easy, ill give you a 100"
Bill: I “forgot” my gym clothes twice a week.
Bill: Senior year anyway.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): facebook is also down uuUUughh.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): do what i did senior year and just never wash my clothes ever and leave them in the locker. no issue at all i totally didn't reek horribly.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOF
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): someone stole 2 of my tshirts sophmore year that was cool
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I did that too!
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It okay Marisa
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): WHO STOLE YOUR TSHIRTS
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I think I washed them once or something
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 🤔
Bill: Yeah I was bad about that too...
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I did gym every day tho!
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Even pool!
Bill: ~~guess we know why people stole Jess's shirts~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wow i can't believe tom stole jess's gym shirts
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Jess was in my gym and pool class <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1386907-REG/wacom_ctl4100wlk0_intuos_creative_pen_tablet.html they make these wireless now?
Bill: neat.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~i couldnt do pool that year cuz i had a foot wort~~ i just had to do an excersice circuit around the pool and stared at tome the whole time
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i brought clean clothes in like every 2 weeks?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ooo I skipped the spring semester of gym for my senior year, I bruised my ankle in soccer but I just had them give me a reallllly long medical leave
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): actually now that i think about, almost every attractive male in our grade was in that pool class and i was so thankful for that stupid wort so they didnt have to see my chub
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh yeah Joe was in it too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): girls had to wear tshirts tho
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Me and Joe that's it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if u wore a bikini
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The only attractive males
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my ex was in that class too
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Sean?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And rich and Eddie
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And Enzo I think
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i think so
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and some other dudes that fit the "jock" bill that i dont remeber their names
Bill: Haha. jock bill.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not that i nessecarily found them all attractive but they were all ~~not chub like me~ so i was self concious
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): also i hated pool cuz it washed off all my make up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): FUCK ive come so far since junior year
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): now i dont even wear makeup most of the time and bathing suits are like barely a problem
Bill: Bathing suit queen.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): why is like every website not loading what's happening to the internet
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Face book I'd having problems too
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): y2k is here
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea everything's taking a shit
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): noooooooooo chansey ran away
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i got itttttt
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): nooooooooooo ninetails ran away
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Noooooo
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i got ittttt
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): SAVED
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): forgot i gotta buy gift for work Christmas party too 😱
Bill: oof.
Bill: None of that here, thank god.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it max $10 but yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): better than working the rest of the day
Bill: It wouldn't have to be long either, and could star a bunch of BNE...
Bill: Start on Junior/villain, cracking knuckles, then wrap camera around to behind him to 'his pov', to see assembled other characters, then basically have each character do a combo against the person with the go pro. 10 seconds or less per person, so it's nice and postable.
Bill: Nora could be one swing from the right, which knocks target back, then a backspin into a left hit that bring him to a knee, then like, blows a kiss before overhead smash,
Bill: does this not sound cool?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea dat could be neat
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think id get motion sickness watching that whole movie
Bill: Oh yeah. it's a trip.
Bill: Probably not worth it out of theatres but me and Andrew saw it there.
Bill: a Fond ™ Memeory.
Bill: I wanna test this outtttt why am I at worrrrrrrk
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i always get motivation at work
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): just not for work
Bill: yeet.
Bill: I wanna do one run of it, see how it looks, before exploring a full sequence.
Bill: ~~wanna be the volunteer with dat hamma?~~
Bill: no wait, fuck cross out.
Bill: Wanna do that?
Bill: Don't need to do full cosplay, can just do it with the hammer for a test run.
Bill: can't be soon obviously, cause thanksgiving and stuff.
Bill: but ye.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea we could prob do that i wish it wasnt cold out boooo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hammer is sumbercome though so you might have to speed up the video lol
Bill: possibly. That's why testing is good.
Bill: We can do it indoors maybe, if there's enough headroom.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mmm i wouldnt be able to swing high at alll
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe at your house
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh wait nevermins im not recalling your living room correctly
Bill: yeah, may need to play with speeding up video general depending on the difficulty of the choreography. like, say you wanted to end the hammer combo by black out the camera with the head. that would have to be slow because like hell I'm letting you hit my camera that hard.
Bill: not sure if worth using dslr over phone or a go pro I don't have ~~but want and have no impulse control~~.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Georgia's house would be best XD cuz high seiling my hammer is 6 foot tall,, my ceiling is only 8
Bill: so you can easily get that to 10 feet high, that'd probably rule out my garage too.
Bill: Well, for testing we can dress warm lol.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): true
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): when it gets warm i wanns do a 2b and 9s shoot at buttermilk falls
Bill: done deal.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dont know if i want regular or yukatas yet, could technically do both if we run up the rd to the parks bathroom area
Bill: ye!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): gotta do it after we get alot of rain so it looks like this
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not like dis
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i guess this is technially the wrong channel but in theory id like to do more on location stuff im just weird about getting gawked at
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof now im getting motivated and i gotta wait like 6months for this
Bill: 90% of people don't give a shit about you.
Bill: Wig or not.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): well in the middle of the woods with hikers? there gonna at least be looking at me really weird
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean we got a few comments in nyc where weird shit happens everyday
Bill: it's not like they're going to say anything to you. They'll just keep doing their own thing.
Bill: NYC also has obnoxious people.
Bill: My point is don't worry about it!
Bill: ]
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah people like to ask "what is this for?" "why are you dressed up?" its not rude its just hard to explain sometimes
Bill: If we worried about what other people think, I never would have Mirio! ~~Cause I assumed I'd literally weaken your hall photo game because I'm Not Hot and you guys are the Hot Stuff~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean i know it shouldnt stop me but it makes me nervous
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i need pics of swimsuit 2b too 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe i could get those at katsu cuz pool? otherwise ill wait till june-ish at my parents
Bill: 
Bill: Too late all happenin.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): rip me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ugh im alrredy craving warm weather again
Bill: ~~if you need an out just ghost me until I give up <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>~~ /joking
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah i wanna do its just a little duanting
Bill: Wonder if it legal to bring a sword to the waterfall.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): who knows
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if not a park policeman will ask us to put it away
