Elfriede (Tom): I assume as well
Nokri (Marisa): How’s camping have you been mauled by a bear
Probably not I know you guys would draw a sea bear circle. Right.
Nokri (Marisa): my high school is finally having a 5 year reunion. i can't go but i've always wanted to because i feel that would be such a surreal experience. people would have beards and spouses and stuff. freaky.
Bill: Aren’t you supposed to wait till 10 years?
Nokri (Marisa): some of us are dead so maybe they're trying to rush it
Nokri (Marisa): also we're from a relatively upper middle class jewish neighborhood so we're very nosy and petty
Bill: Someone dies from every class.
Bill: I guess.
Nokri (Marisa): the reunion is in a bar in philly i think. what if all 600-ish of us show up are we gonna fit
Bill: Maybe my class had one, they just didn’t invite me.
Nokri (Marisa): also ohayo
Nokri (Marisa): aren't the garritys part of your class
Bill: Ohayou
Bill: Tom and Jess were a grade above me.
Bill: Kurto is my class.
Nokri (Marisa): omg tom and jess senpais
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't know they were senpais
Nokri (Marisa): senpais
Nokri (Marisa): senpais wake up so i can call you senpais
Nokri (Marisa): kurtois
Bill: ~~technically I’m your senpai remember~~
Nokri (Marisa): biwu-senpwai
Nokri (Marisa): japan has made my voice rise up really high. i tried talking to someone normally and they literally couldn't understand me unless i spoke like a disney princess
Nokri (Marisa): that's what they call me at work when i'm not staring at people
Nokri (Marisa): biwu pwincess senpai
Bill: We’ve already acknowledged you can’t speak Japanese without raise your voice an Octave.
Nokri (Marisa): it's bled into my english now
Nokri (Marisa): 20 octaves. i can't be heard by certain species of fish.
Bill: Are there even twenty octaves?
Nokri (Marisa): sounds like a game collectible
Bill: Well, in banjo kazooie you collected music notes.
Nokri (Marisa): i have 16 twitter messages today from all different people. how many months is it socially acceptable to wait before opening them.
Bill: I mean. Just open em.
Bill: They don’t have read receipts do they?
Nokri (Marisa): I turned them off so they shouldn't <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): one of them is a flickr link with 27 pages. here i go.
i searched through 18 pages to find myself on a news website i can do this now 💪
Nokri (Marisa): ONE OF THE GUYS I'VE MET LIKE 5 TIMES BEFORE AND APPARENTLY I SAW HIM BOTH DAYS OF TGS
WHY CAN'T I REMEMBER ANYONE
~~is it because all photographers dress exactly the same and all have short black hair with glasses oh nooo~~
Nokri (Marisa): holy guacamole this folder is 122mb
Bill: You right tho.
Nokri (Marisa): i swear i had the exact same guy 3 times in a row in line today
Nokri (Marisa): do you photogs have like. a photog coord group like the lolitas do? the photog clothing store. the photog clothing pinterest.
Bill: Nope. Afaik photographers don’t cooperate usually.
Nokri (Marisa): The photog hive mind
Nokri (Marisa): When I try to tap into it all I see is that scene from sponge bob where he’s naked with the jellyfish going “buzz buzz”
Elfriede (Tom): Wow super high pitch voice Marisa
Aldus (Jess): Yes I am senpai
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah I poked fun at Billiam forever with that
Elfriede (Tom): Esp cuz he's slightly older than me
Elfriede (Tom): Jess day oldst tho
Nokri (Marisa): Senpai senpai
Nokri (Marisa): Have you guys seen a bear yet
Elfriede (Tom): Nah not yet
Elfriede (Tom): Just deer
Nokri (Marisa): Oh deer
Bill: Nah, you’ve never really made senpai jokes.
Bill: There was the onii chan once.
Elfriede (Tom): Oh yeahhhh
Elfriede (Tom): Both
Elfriede (Tom): I do poke fun that I'm your senpai
Elfriede (Tom): But the onichan disturbed you so it was funnier
Afina (Georgia): ~~everyone is my senpai oof~~
Bill: :3
Nokri (Marisa): tiny child. wee.
Nokri (Marisa): weezrez
Elfriede (Tom): Yeet
Bill: Georgia kouhai.
Bill: Actually, next year at CCE everyone will be legal. What a mood.
Nokri (Marisa): nothing is legal
Bill: Including cosplay?
Bill: Rip.
Bill: What are your plain clothes lineups for CCE?
Nokri (Marisa): Cosplay is illegal as evidenced by people being kicked out of the park on Sunday
Bill: Then marisa won’t cosplay at all at CCE.
Nokri (Marisa): who u talkin to who has their lineup already
Nokri (Marisa): what's everyone wearing to cce <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~probably RWBY at some point~~
Nokri (Marisa): omg my rin swimsuit is a like cop uniform *they can't arrest me if i'm one of them*
Nokri (Marisa): i've wanted to cosplay penny for a while so i could use rin's swimsuit for that if there's a rwby meetup
Bill: Oooooh do it!
Nokri (Marisa): ~~for patreons only. $500 tier.~~
Elfriede (Tom): 😱
Nokri (Marisa): tatsumi cosplayed a very nsfw version of randy from south park. why.
Elfriede (Tom): Oh
Nokri (Marisa): it keeps showing up in my twitter feed and making me cry
Nokri (Marisa): it's from the Medicinal Fried Chicken episode
Nokri (Marisa): can't wait for my memory to block this out
Nokri (Marisa): how y'all doin tonight
Bill: Still in bed.
Bill: Finished yet another Netflix show.
Nokri (Marisa): someone free biru
Nokri (Marisa): I was considering Jaehee for a lazy Katsu cosplay but I’m gonna save her until Zenkaikon because she’d be the perfect costume for working in and doing prop check
Aldus (Jess): Ye das a good idea
Elfriede (Tom): Truth
Bill: I think my new word for idiots is knucklehead.
Aldus (Jess): My dad says that all the time
Bill: Dunno why I’m picking it up.
