Nokri (Marisa): Why is the salt emoji in Korean 
Kurtis you didn’t get the whole BNE welcome package this is truly tragic <:dva_salt:365521119534645254>
Aldus (Jess): Cuz it's d.va's salt emoji spray from.overwatcj and she's Korean!
Elfriede (Tom): YEE D VA
Nokri (Marisa): Ooooo
I knew that. Totally <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Tikur (Kurtis): Alexa play despacito
Nokri (Marisa): We exist as a resonance cascade.
Divinity is a constant. You and I are spiritual brothers and sisters of the stratosphere.
We vibrate, we heal, we are reborn.
We can no longer afford to live with pain. You may be ruled by turbulence without realizing it. Do not let it eradicate the nature of your myth. Dogma is the antithesis of power.


We are in the midst of a quantum refining of ecstasy that will clear a path toward the quantum matrix itself. Our conversations with other adventurers have led to a condensing of supra-unrestricted consciousness. Throughout history, humans have been interacting with the biosphere via expanding wave functions.

Dogma is born in the gap where presence has been excluded. Where there is turbulence, potential cannot thrive. Without karma, one cannot believe.

It is in ennobling that we are aligned.
You must take a stand against greed. Yes, it is possible to sabotage the things that can erase us, but not without manna on our side. Only a lifeform of the biosphere may bring about this transmission of intention.
Elfriede (Tom): The only place I've heard resonance Cascade is half-life
Nokri (Marisa): half life 3 confirmed
Nokri (Marisa): There’s a book in the library called The Fursuit of Power and I’m scared
Nokri (Marisa): OH WAIT ITS THE PURSUIT
Nokri (Marisa): Whoops I totally read that as fursuit and thought that was a guy in a wolf costume. My bad.
Elfriede (Tom): Omgggg
Elfriede (Tom): Yo I woke up in the middle of the night to a nightmare it was some trippy stuff. I occasionally have crazy world ending nightmares about space.  In this one the moon was hit by a meteor and slowly decended to earth which was also hit by a meteorknocking the entire planet off track. I was outside and watched it in the sky. That shit was terrifying 👌.
Elfriede (Tom): The whole planet spun and began destroying itself around me
Nokri (Marisa): Oooo how did t look
Nokri (Marisa): future vision
Elfriede (Tom): It is terifying
Elfriede (Tom): I've had so many dreams of like floating in space in a rouge space ship in the abyss of space
Elfriede (Tom): Like really close to giant scary planets
Elfriede (Tom): Or dreams of looking up into the sky and seeing huge planets loom over earth
Bill: https://giphy.com/gifs/bSmJbT0NFnQ40
Elfriede (Tom): Pm, but more like elder scrolls moons
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): Like this
Elfriede (Tom): I find this terrifying
Nokri (Marisa): They’re friends!
Nokri (Marisa): help i bought sauce and can't get the lid off
Nokri (Marisa): even just trying is ex-sauce-sting
Bill: 🔨
Nokri (Marisa): i don't have a hammer but it is a glass jar good idea
Bill: *wow*
Nokri (Marisa): I DID IT
Nokri (Marisa): don't forget to like comment and describe my AMA will be this time next week
Nokri (Marisa): subscribe. or describe yeah that works too.
Dave: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
