Bill: You did. You want em?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 99+ Facebook notifications. Help
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): she liked all my tagged pictures going back to 2013 and flora said she got 46 notifications from her <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: I got 9 or so.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): sorry i didn't think she was gonna *go through my entire life history*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YE candy
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): have y'all seen that video that was voiced over with the guy yelling at Wilfred the strange looking cat
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): someone drew OFF fanart based on it and it's amazing
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): The idea of having to sit at the same table as Hal and Meg for dinner makes me not wanna go
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): chillis or bust to weed out the weak
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hal is so sick of chilis
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i would go if it was still chilis just to have my chilis AND see him upset
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Forget gummy bear boudoir. I have an idea.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 😱
Bill: Train is overcrowded and hot, why.
Bill: Fuck Monday.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): You gotta chill attacking poor monday
Bill: Nah.
Bill: There is nothing I hate more.
Bill: Imma murder than son of a bitch.
Bill: I have a 48 point plan in motion.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): “Hello police? I’d like to file a threat”
Bill: Do it.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): “Moshi moshi omawarisan? Odoshi wo houkoku shitain desu”
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): My friend with an oven is baking me latke so I’m giving her the 11 pounds of rice
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Because I don’t think I can eat all that in a month and it’s the good stuff™
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): latke and rice party
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they don't sell hamburger buns in japan and in the video i've got on they had to go to McDonalds and buy a hamburger and request nothing on it except the bun
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): to get just a plain bun
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): people used to do that at subway
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but they usually backed out when i told them they would have to pay for a full priced sandwich
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah guys come on you can't buy just bread at subway woah
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i do NOT like how they are using this hamburger bun it is an atrocity
did anyone ever accept the full price
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they're having a macaron making contest but they weren't allowed to look up how to make macarons so the one team just bought a hamburger bun and coated it in chocolate
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the other team at least mashed up some cookies
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i think one person bought the bread
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): winner
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its a macaron!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): no it's horrifying
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): cookie team put like a whole bag of gelatin in theirs so they also made tea with it lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you know what always confuses me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah!!! macaroons are a hannukah thing sometimes :3c
macarons are super popular here, they sell them in a ton of stores but i never seen macaroons
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): pretty patties
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea! i pronounce them the same and idk if thats right i think someone in my family makes macaroons but idk if ive ever had a mararon? 🤔
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i bought them at a 7/11 out of curiosity once. macarons are kind of....... hmm. sugary? and very fluffy/creamy but with a shell.
i pronounce them mac-a-ron (ron like the harry potter character) and mac-a-roon (rhymes with loon) but I don't know if the first is just japanese pronunciation or if that's used in the US too
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): how did i forget to take a shower
DaVe: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): dave what happened to the four yous before you to reach this V iteration
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): like a robot
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i hope mark gets one of those slapping sticks. it'd made the class more authentic. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
デイブ: Better?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): sugoi
Bill: my upper lip is like, weirdly numb but I don't know why?
Bill: Is what I'd imagine a mustache feels like.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): did you eat something new?
Bill: Nah.
Bill: I'm just going crazy maybe?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): could be chapped lips
Bill: Used burts bees last night and this morning.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): are you allergic to bees <:mew_face:498866691963355137>
Bill: *some snarky Leanna comment*
Bill: I just don't have it in me this morning.
Bill: Not even a too tired, I'm just like... not in a salty mood.
Bill: *Is this what the world is like without salt colored glasses?*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you're like this every monday bra
Bill: Are you trying to tell me I'm *happy* every monday?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh wait
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i read that wrong, carry on
Bill: I was *going to say* lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): my mouth tastes funny i think it's my teeth
Bill: what do I do for lunch...
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): eat
Bill: Dizzy, chicken,sub,pizza,burger,scallion pancakes,starve
Bill: Dizzy, choose chicken,sub,pizza,burger,scallion pancakes,starve
Dizzy: You should choose scallion pancakes
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): WHAT are scallion pancakes
Bill: chinese food.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm dying to know why the 👮 emoji is cop and not policeman. what decision making choices went into that. who decides the names for emoji. is it one dude with a ton of freedom or is there a whole big board meeting and approval process involved. this question has plagued me for weeks on end.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): [bangs on discord's door] who did this
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Tru
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Since cop is slang
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): are there any intricate sociocultural implications? is discord anti-cop? discord what is your opinion on law enforcement and is that opinion reflected in any way in your emoji naming pls respond
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I've heard cops call themselves cops tho
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they're onto us..............................
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): tumblr is insane today. "they wanted to stop child exploitation so they're punishing furry artists for drawing foot fetish porn"
Bill: It’s not discord.
Bill: There’s a Unicode like, council that decides the new emoji.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): mr internet pls respond about cops
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): **THE COUNCIL OF UNICODE**
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they all sit in a circle and wear wizard robes
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and thus, gingerbread all made sense
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i drank close to 4 waterbottles, thats almost 2 liters, no wonder i was frequenting the bathroom lol
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): THE EATER DRINKING GAME
Bill: which was a tad much in hindsight.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): MegaHydration™
Bill: more the other park of it.
