one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): everyone's name puns are on point
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): ANDRU
WHAT'S GOING ON WITH THE SHOP RITE
there are some CRAZY rumors abounding
is there really gonna be like a mega giant shoprite
Bill: <@!141729881779077121>
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): shop rite drama
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): This is the real news
Andrew: wait what rumors
Andrew: were getting bought out
Andrew: possibly moving to where the old kmart was
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): orly? do you know bought out by who?
i heard it was moving to not just the old kmart but to the kmart + several other shops there that will be combined into like a super kmart, and also there was a big zally's feud.
Andrew: the other brother bought us chews and sicklereville
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): OH SNAP IT IS A FAMILY FEUD
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): the older one???
Andrew: david
Andrew: the one who owns lawnside and medford
Andrew: i heard hes a better owner like he closes at 11 instead of 12 and has holidays off like thanksgiving
Andrew: dunno if hes older
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): brb looking up the zally's family tree
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): bhtyk i can't find the info.
what was going around the rumor mill is that the youngest brother owned that store you worked at and another one that's like five minutes away, and he had a big fight with his older shoprite siblings who basically cut ties with him, and he had a big of a struggle with the current shoprite so he decided to close the two down and open the bigger one where kmart was. but that's 100% unconfirmed.
Andrew: im pretty sure thats not true considering they wouldve told us were all fired
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): will you be moving to kmartrite
Andrew: which in all honesty could be a blessing
Andrew: im wanting to leave asap
Andrew: regardless
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): start your own shoprite competition
riteshop
Andrew: sell only gushers
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): YEAH
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): NOW YOU'RE TALKIN
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): also fruit roll ups pls i need to stock up on them for conventions
Andrew: is it bad that i looked up runescape today
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): isn't that something you're supposed to do daily
Andrew: maybe
Andrew: i may be behind the times
Andrew: do you play?
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): in my heart
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: I rekindled my RuneScape love early this year and played classic for a while
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: But then I stopped and never played again for unknown reasons <:lenny:395307171539189760>
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): i played it for a bit when we joked about an aurii guild. i have full chicken armor and could turn into an egg.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Oo the Easter item nicu
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: My oh character has that
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: And the yoyo from the second Christmas event
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): yeah!!! the yoyos and the marionettes!
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: YEAH
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: I forgot about the marionettes!
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: I forget what the Halloween was
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): oo i remember one was a jack-o-lantern head i think
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): skeleton outfit!! i have that too
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Yeah! Me too!
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: That was my first event
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: I think I started that September
Andrew: wow im pretty sure i hjad most of those
Andrew: time to recovert account info
Andrew: oh god someone stop me
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Can’t stop won’t stop
Andrew: submitted account recovery appeal
Andrew: i dont have th old email anymore
Andrew: nevermind
Andrew: i rmembered the password
Andrew: ornot apparently my character was deleted
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): OH NO
Did you try the new one
My username was apparently deleted but the character was still there and it had me make a new username and email (because I joined before they needed email)
Andrew: I logged in with my old name but i only tried classic
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Yeah old characters are transferred to the new version
Bill: *fuck me*
Bill: I moved my itunes library to the media server, so I don't have two copies of it.
Bill: Itunes, being the garbage it is, has to readd everything to icloud.
Bill: Which caused it to destroy all my playlists.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): uH. I had rice in this pan and now it’s gone. It was right there. My apartment is one room and all my dishes are still put away where did the rice go
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Ghostie
Bill: ooOOOooowooooOOOo
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): The rice literally does not exist anymore. The only thing I can think of is it went down the drain? But there’s a strainer on it and the rice is bigger than the strainer.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): SWOLFY HELP
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): IM ON MY WAY
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): I have drafts of your potato i shall hand over as payment
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Is uh 
Is your icon ok
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Did.. you.. eat .. it?
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): No I don’t think I did
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Yeah moistier than an oyster
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): 
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Ok
Bill: no to *all* of this.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): 
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): this image feels powerful
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): big aesthetic energy
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I had this weird dream that Kirsten was a ninja that was just following me around
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And I got caught in a parking lot held up at gunpoint
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And Kirsten just nyoomed in and whisked me away
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Wild dream
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Wowwee
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): 
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): <@301927856240459777>
Andrew: Nani
