Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 10 mins away, had to stop for gas
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): What happens to the houses after they’re built. Do they get consumed all at once. House eating contest.
Bill: We toss them, some people keep them and eat them.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Preserve them and have a freaky abandoned Christmas town in a closet
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): See if mice will move in
DaVe: We're all drinking, send the police
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): That better be water
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Or so help me
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): You’re all getting coal
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Your Dreidels will land on nun and you will get NO candy
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Oh gosh he’s not responding because he’s dead from alcohol poisoning look what you guys did look at this it’s awful
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ***B L E S S E D I M A G E***
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Poland would be so proud
DaVe: CuRrSeDiMaGe
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Sometimes it’s like I can still hear Dave’s text posts, can’t believe he wasn’t drinking water what a shame.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~unless Dave is in that picture. I have no idea what he looked like rip~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): You
DaVe: What is water
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Drew him
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): As a
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Magical gurl
DaVe: That picture is no longer pinned on discord
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Swolfys eye is on the bottom right
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Yeah I can only recognize him in a skirt and pink frills
What happened to the rest of swolfy
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): She was consumed
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Are y’all doin jack box. I saw a code on a story can I spectate <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hold on this da new code you can play if u want
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I audience on the train. Thank!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wheeee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hi mawisa!
Bill: I could put my laptop in the voice chat if you want!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I’m on the train so I can’t hear anything 😭 sowwy
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Or talk. Talking is forbidden on trains
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I tapped my screen to keep it on and accidentally hit an answer without seeing it dhfjdubasn
Bill: Sob
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Yehaw I won
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Thank you for the fun ^u^
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): The ad next to me is advertising an eikaiwa and it says “we have 56,000 senpai!” That is a scary amount of senpai
Bill: Jgxi.
Bill: If you want to join fibbage.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I just got back from a party where they gave me 11 pounds of rice, a pillow, and a container of green tea. I thought the girl I was talking to was my age. She’s in her forties and now trying to set me up with her son.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): he's 24 and plays pokemon what a dreamboat ~~*lady i thought you were my age*~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i told her i like cats and she sent me pictures of her 19 year old with his cats <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Omggggg
Bill: Uuu...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Biru did I leave our candy bars on your room?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): In*
Bill: Um... I don’t think so...
Bill: I’ll check after dinner.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye no prob
