No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): How far behind?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Also where’s everyone getting that assumption template on instagram. I couldn’t find it on the original posters insta 👀
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i took it from bill lol
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I FOUND IT
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 7 WEEKS BACK WOO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Bill: I got it from Rebecca, who never posts blanks.
Bill: ~~Marisa is the only one to do it what a bean~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Oh I was gonna be salty and leave out the blank this time
*i guess I’ll post it*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I’m salty in general today because the festival is back and people were shouting outside all night again
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): And I need to do homework ghhhhhh
Bill: Intimidate them with your foreignness.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I am vastly outnumbered by the thousands
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Oh I’ll have to leave early for school to get through the crowds. Also I hear an ambulance coming. It’s gonna be nearly impossible for the ambulances to get by tonight.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): lmao bill your sister sent me a facebook friend request
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): and i was so confused for a second cause i had only heard her referred to as "kate"
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): not "kaitlyn"
Bill: Ha.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ~~i was like "bill has another sister?" at first LMAO~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Georgia when i saw your most recent post I thought the gauntlets were part of your leg and you were wearing a super boot
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): that wouldve been RAD
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): It’s like a giant shoe like a mecha robot would have
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): You could skii in that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): MY PACKAGE IS HERE
Bill: She’s a tad late.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can attend gingerbread by waking up at 6am and projecting myself into an electronic body
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): georgia are all the people sending you pyrrha assumptions the same person
so many pyrrha
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): nope all different people somehow
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): theres more that i havent even posted yet
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): OMG IT B O O T
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i really like your assumption about me :3c
but all the "you're exactly like pyrrha irl" worries me 😱
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): b i g b o o t
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea people get a little too into that with her
Bill: Yup. Fame sucks.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm watching a show on Netflix and the on lady said "you kiss my husband, you get punched in the boob!" And that's my new motto
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Punch yourself in the boob?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): No I'm exepmt
Bill: I'm really trying to learn how to sharpen knives well but damn it just doesn't seem to click.
Bill: I bought a nice sharpener and everything but I can't get the blade *sharp*.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): i have a whet stone and that works hella good
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): but its more for kitchen knives, but pocket knives should work too
Bill: This has got two grit whetstones, and a honing rod... I think it's more technique issues than anything else.
Bill: I think I got some improvement.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Are you trying to look menacing while sharpening. That helps.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): this has been playing in my head for the last 38 hours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcM26g5VouQ
Bill: I should turn around and call in sick.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): U be ok?
Bill: I feel a bit crappy, but I mostly say I should have because of the weather and traffic.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Do any of you ever go to that famous Asian/Japanese grocery store in north jersey
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): I do 🙃
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): South jersey has Asian supermarkets but they’re more thai/Vietnamese than Japanese and I’m horrible

Wow weeb
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Is it a good store?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ALSO I HAD A QUESTION FOR YOU
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is a potato lewd without its skin or is that just gruesome
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): It's pretty good. They have a great selection of Asian good. Plus the restaurants inside are delicious.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Oof that's a tough question. I think with skin? Because without it'd just be pre French fry
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Maybe skin with some nice spuds
Bill: I need to start looking for a jersey job god damn.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah i was trying to think like, is it's a human it'd be freaky to skin someone. but humans shave to look good? maybe just a nice, washed potato with its skin? oo yeah spuds
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hot
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): O there are restaurants inside too? are the goods for sale varied and do they sell pre-made meals?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm curious if there's anywhere in jersey I can get red pickled ginger and inarizushi
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): some dude outside just let out the loudest, most anime sounding "oi! temeeee" i've ever heard and I wish i recorded it.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): They have premade package of food. It also has a decent fresh market of vegetables and meats
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): field trip time.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Im probably going next week. So I will look for you
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wegmans has limited sushi and curry stuff but also it expensive.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooo bless u swolfy and your dad kokoro
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Oof :c there's also H Mart here too
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that sounds scary
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): It's Korean c:
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): :0 !!
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): But they have Japanese goods too
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~all i know about korea comes from kpop and mystic messenger~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH YEAH there's a stall outside that's selling korean candy and goods and stuff. huh.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): *and they have beautiful skin
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Theres Korea Town in NYC that's really fun.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): They sell those jiggly cakes
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <@!351785752197201920> I HAD MY PHONE OPEN WHEN YOU LIKED MY COMMENT AND YOUR PROFILE PICTURE FLOATED ACROSS THE SCREEN LIKE A DELICATE BALLOON AND I THOUGHT IT WAS A BUG AND I CHUCKED MY PHONE ACROSS THE ROOM
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): sorry i got distracted
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jiggly cakes????
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): lewd????
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): they have meat buns that are designed to be suspiciously lewd in akihabara
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): nobody get any ideas from that.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): They do have a nice jiggle to them
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): me: my phone is my lifeline. i would be pretty lost without it, especially going anywhere aside from school or work, and i require it for in-depth discussions such as explaining english verb tenses in japanese.
also me: yeet it across the room if bug
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jello cakes
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): https://www.kekinyc.com
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you thought tom was a bug? D:
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no no the image floating across the screen.it was a super tiny bubble
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i dunno if it does it on android but on iphone when you get a facebook notification it just randomly pops up in the app
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he a bug
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'll yeet him across the room at katsu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "hi nice to yeet you"
Bill: I’ve still got 18 miles to Armonk, I’ve been in the car two and half hours almost and estimate is getting there in another 40 minutes. This is going to over a three hour trip.
Bill: My leg is cramping terribly too.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i guess it's hard to dance while driving
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): arda wig is out for delivery owo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i feel like we need quizzes
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): http://www.playbuzz.com/inspiyr10/what-kind-of-warrior-are-you
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it says i'm a **TRUE WARRIOR**
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ME TOO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WOOOOOOOOO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm downloading spotify it's all in japanese
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): awww yisss anime
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): <@301927856240459777> I'm late but that's halarious
Bill: oof I'm feeling sicker.
Bill: I wanna go home.
Bill: oof they make a bigger handle pocket knife and I *want* it.
Bill: ~~even if I barely use mine as is~~
Bill: Uh.
Bill: So in looking at my knife to see what features I really care about.
Bill: There's... a pin under the corkscrew.
Bill: I never knew that.
Bill: yeet there's a swiss army store in NYC. I'mma go next time I go in.
Bill: Want!
