No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wow a google doodle about me
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): damn
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): cat and everything
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm hungry
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): BUT i don't want to eat
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 1st world problems
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): why's the internet so quiet
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im attempting some christmas shoppins
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): but it's t he 4th of july
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): gotta get that shopping done early ya know
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i offer Christmas gift wrapping for 10 dollars, bring all your gifts to my house, and wrapping paper with lil sticky notes on all of em for the tags and ill wrap um
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): gotta find the strangest shapes
i bring a tuba for you to wrap
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): did i ever tell the story of the cop and the accordian
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!301927856240459777>  what type of material is "viscose"?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o that's rayon
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo is that strechy at all?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~i wanna say ya but idk~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah it can stretch! but sometimes it might stretch too much and damages easily
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): also never get it wet
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo ok im trying to by a dress for my friend and it says its viscose
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮 but then how u was it?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ooo fancy!!
it's a dry-clean only fabric
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Materials: 100% viscose
Care Instructions: Machine wash cold
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): head down to yer local dry cleanery
oooooOOOOOO CONFLICTING INFO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😱
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o according to google "some viscose can be washed"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo neato
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats prob this then
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): now the size battle
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "If you opt for machine washing, you should turn the viscose item inside out, and place it in a Mesh Washing Bag to avoid snags and tears.
Select the delicate cycle on the washing machine, and make sure the water temperature is cold and the spin is on low.
Lay the item flat in its natural shape on a drying rack or hang to dry. Do not put it in the dryer, as it may shrink!"

wrap the dress with washing instructions
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ill jsut buy the bigger size and tell her to dry it if its too big <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm waiting for a response from her bf on size recommendation. Who wants to save me over $50 by reminding me to place this order before midnight?
Bill: I got a dock for my phone, which lets the cable come out of the dock so you don't have to unplug it to pick it up...
Bill: But I dunno where to put it on my desk.
Bill: And I don't have a night stand.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): attach to ceiling
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Shelf?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): idk if a shelf would work on the ceiling stuff might just fall down
Bill: I mean it should go on me desk.
Bill: It's where I'd use it most.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): [glues a plank to the ceiling] yo ho ho it's the ceiling shelf
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Then you gonna have to yeet something off
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Idea for pictures to answer questions with:
Innocent stuff that gradually turns more sinister and messed up
Start with pictures of bunnies and flowers that eventually morph into bloody knives and close ups of rusty nails
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Tell a hidden story
Bill: ~~I'm listening to Irisu Syndrome music, that is DECIDEDLY not funny right now~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): gasp someone just gave me a packet of mashed potatoes
it's 2 years expired but i wanna eat it anyway
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Please don't
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): But free potato
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Mawisa please
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'll have you 10 potato packets when you get home
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): It’s free potato
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): MAWISA it expired
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Bad potato
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): What if that’s just a recommendation
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): We’ll never know unless we try
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Innovation
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BAD POTATO
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Two potato three potato four
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Mashed potatoes but they’re sculpted to look like a whole peeled potato
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Art
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Are they dehydrated?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Ye
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): They should see a doctor
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ok ok
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You could probably eat them
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If you have too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Are they unopened?
Bill: Marisa going to get rad poisoning.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): As long as they are unopened nand stored correctly, dehydrated potato flakes can last 8-15 years
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I’m gonna be rad yehaw
I think they’re unopened. Probably.  We can share.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh thank I
Bill: I'd love to replace my desk man.
Bill: But also REALLY don't want to deal with getting rid of this one.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): omg I just found a used alcohol store
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Used?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Yeah
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I guess for collector stuff?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Weird
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): We have one packet in our cabinet too
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It's a conspiracy
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): World potato party!!
Bill: Kinda wanna take a trip to Ikea.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Whatcha gonna buy?
Bill: Dunno.
Bill: I have way too much stuff in my bedroom, I really need a queen bed...
Bill: I need to see what I can do to make the most of it.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): A JAPANESE PERSON ASKED ME FOR DIRECTIONS
she was really sweet but I think I shocked her when I turned around lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Casually go bed shopping
Bill: I'm thinking I might need to box up the manga shelves until I have my own place.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Ceiling shelves
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Tenjin’s shrine is legit Noragami wasn’t joking around
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Hmm. I think the shrine water had something funny in it my tongue is weird haha rip
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Uh ohhh
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): My tongue is wierd too it's okay
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It has so many cracks
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): You should get that checked
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It normal
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Just looks odd
Bill: Haha! Getting some of my omelette skills back.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): someone sent me a company website because they wanted to go to a spa and wanted to know much much it'd cost and all the pics of people getting massages look so brutal
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "COME RELAX"
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "LET US RELIEVE YOUR STRESS AAAAAA"
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): third picture would probably be a suplex
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Death by massage
Bill: Which makes better radio stations from a particular song? Pandora, or Spotify?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Now you've put death by glamour in.my head again <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i found a new song i like and it's been on loop for 48 hours. i wonder when i'll get sick of it and not listen to it for several months because it was overplayed.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeeeeep
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The classic
Bill: Huh. Gloria has a kaito kid poster in her office/room/whatever.
Bill: It's in the back of her video feed.
Bill: Mom parked my car in the garage when she went out earlier...
Bill: I just realized when I have a garage and will park in it frequently, I AM going to fuck up at least once and hit the door.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): been there done that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): on a monday morning in half asleep stupor
Bill: Yeaaaaah lol
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): /still doing that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Better a garage door than a car tho!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Also my truck is big boi so I deserve a slight pass
Bill: Not really. You should know how to wield that. :v
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Jess! I was able to pull from that logo you made me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Lookit this coolnesssss
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oof that's awesome
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Put that shit on a sports jacket
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo das so cool!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea out that in a varsity jacket
Bill: Between her and Erik, boy oh boy.
Bill: So much logo today.
Bill: ~~May see if I can get Erik to make a medallion of my logo~~
