Nokri (Marisa): ohio
Elfriede (Tom): Fire fly festival 🤔
Elfriede (Tom): Noone wants me tho, the only one I was even allowed to flirt with was Forte and she ignored me 😤
Nokri (Marisa): Ask Jess to go :3c
Nokri (Marisa): You gotta be dating a character to do anything on certain festivals rip
Elfriede (Tom): She sleep 😱
Elfriede (Tom): I love how I asked.dylas to adventure with me during it and he just says like
Nokri (Marisa): JESS ITS THE FIREFLY FESTIVAL ITS ONCE PER YEAR WAKE UP
Elfriede (Tom): "What? Now?!"
Elfriede (Tom): Like jeez fuck my bad dude. Clearly I have bad taste.
Nokri (Marisa): Oh nooo. Has he adventured with you before?
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah earliwr that day lmao
Elfriede (Tom): I was dented by Vishnal.too
Elfriede (Tom): Rip. Oh well, single earthfolk I guess
Nokri (Marisa): Oh nooooo
Maybe there’s an event going on? I don’t think the festival would interfere
Nokri (Marisa): ~~slumber party perhaps?~~
Elfriede (Tom): Ye maybe!
Nokri (Marisa): Oh no you’re a girl so the guys wouldn’t be busy for a slumber party
Elfriede (Tom): Oof
Elfriede (Tom): 😱 😱 😱 😤 😤 😤
Elfriede (Tom): They can't handle this lvl 62 mess
Nokri (Marisa): 🇬 🇴 od luck
Nokri (Marisa): That’s hard to do on mobile whoops
Nokri (Marisa): They are in awe
Nokri (Marisa): An absolute unit
Elfriede (Tom): YEAH
Elfriede (Tom): WOO
Elfriede (Tom): It's a bleh kinda night you know?
Nokri (Marisa): ye <:rip:369476083248267274>
Elfriede (Tom): "what a nice night for an evening"
Nokri (Marisa): a great evening for a night
Elfriede (Tom): Glad we understand each other
Nokri (Marisa): world peace is within our grasp
Elfriede (Tom): 👊 ✊
Elfriede (Tom): ✌ ✌
Nokri (Marisa): that instagram prompt thing got me thinking about the last time i was angry. i know i've been angry but i can't remember the last time. hm.
when do y'all get angry
Elfriede (Tom): Hmm depends
Elfriede (Tom): I do still occasionally get mad at videogames
Elfriede (Tom): And people with bad opinions
Nokri (Marisa): [angry nerd voice] "*why won't you go out with my for the firefly festival*"
Elfriede (Tom): And people that I think are being unfair but I can't  pinpoint a time ATM 🤔
Elfriede (Tom): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): oh? OH??? MY CLASS IS CANCELLED TONIGHT
Elfriede (Tom): VISHNAL YA BE DUMMI
Nokri (Marisa): truuuu unfair people
Nokri (Marisa): i have the whole world suddenly at my fingertips with no class tonight.
but ye. i know in elementary school when i got mad i beat a kid up but he provoked me to do it (literally like "beat me up"). ahh, childhood.
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao, I did beat a kid up too in like preschool
Elfriede (Tom): TO BE FAIR
Nokri (Marisa): aurii more like the bullies who beat people up
Elfriede (Tom): I WAS PLAYING WITHT HE BLOCKS AND HE WAS MAD
Elfriede (Tom): SO HE KNOCKED MY BUILDINGS OVER
Elfriede (Tom): SO I BEAT HIM UP
Nokri (Marisa): you got revenge for all the people in those buildings
Nokri (Marisa): i threw a banana holder at someone in...... high school? yeah. they deserved it.
Nokri (Marisa): it didn't hit but i hoped it would be threatening.
Elfriede (Tom): Understandable
Elfriede (Tom): Hmm I'm in a bad mood for a couple things but the wisdom teeth thing coming up and a few other small things just got me down.
I'm sure I'll break out of it soon but oof. Tonight is something.
Elfriede (Tom): Hope it doesn't linger til I get the teeth out. 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): OH NO
Nokri (Marisa): be happy
Nokri (Marisa): that doesn't help rip
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah I like skidded passed nervous and just got.sad for.some reason
Nokri (Marisa): u love ur teeth it's ok
Elfriede (Tom): *I do love.my teeth*
Elfriede (Tom): *Give them back*
Nokri (Marisa): u can still keep them in a jar forever ~~this isn't helping~~
Elfriede (Tom): I thought about it lmao
Nokri (Marisa): get a little holder and wear them in your mouth like fake fangs except they're real
Elfriede (Tom): I keep feeling like I'm making the wrong decision getting them out.
Nokri (Marisa): do they cause pain?
Elfriede (Tom): Cuz like, they aren't really bad, just like 1 has a cavity but I just keep telling myself that they'll prob all get bad eventually
Elfriede (Tom): The 1 with the cavity does when chewing
Elfriede (Tom): And I bite my cheek alot with them often
Nokri (Marisa): ooooo. it's possible that wisdom teeth can also mess up the rest of your mouth, pushing the rest of your teeth out of alignment and causing jaw issues
Nokri (Marisa): are you getting them all out or just the cavity?
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah, mine actually came all the way in normal somehow
Elfriede (Tom): All of them
Nokri (Marisa): tfw no teeth emoji when you need one
if they aren't causing any problems you could try just getting the one removed? or for the procedure do they all need to come out
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah pm. But that one could theoretically just get it's cavity filled and I've be fine for a long time
Elfriede (Tom): Dentaits recommend them out regardless because with the gum they become hard to clean and. Eventually decay in adulthood.sometimes
Elfriede (Tom): And doing the operation while.middleaged is a lot harder
Elfriede (Tom): So they always say to get them out
Nokri (Marisa): hmm 🤔 then can't your dentist just fill it in?
ooooh. do you always use the same dentist? 1 person? you could try going to another dentist for a second opinion
Elfriede (Tom): They could if I asked them too
Elfriede (Tom): But money wise if the cavity expands later it's cheaper to just get it removed
Elfriede (Tom): It's complicated unfortunately
Nokri (Marisa): yeah that's true
Elfriede (Tom): So I just agreed with them and decided to get them out
Elfriede (Tom): At least they are all the way in so they won't need to do incisions to get them out
Elfriede (Tom): It'll be a quick operation just. Blehhhhh
Nokri (Marisa): say something funny if you use anesthesia
Elfriede (Tom): I almsot feel attached to the teeth too for some reason
Elfriede (Tom): Oh I will use anesthesia don't worry
Nokri (Marisa): ya it makes sense. they're your teeth!
most of my teeth are fake (s'why my two front teeth are wonky) and the ones in front have a white shell, but all in the back are metal and it looks so sad.
Nokri (Marisa): we can see if you'll grow new ones that would be cool <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): Ooooph. Yeee
Elfriede (Tom): I have ALOT of cavity fillings and have had a bunch even in childhood
Elfriede (Tom): I used to have a ton of those metal fillings in mAh molars
Elfriede (Tom): But now they have the fancy white fillings
Nokri (Marisa): oo they can be replaced?? or covered?
Elfriede (Tom): I got fillings in baby teeth
Elfriede (Tom): But some of them had more work done and they just took out the old one
Elfriede (Tom): I still have 1 metal one
Nokri (Marisa): o really?? i've never heard of that before that's interesting
Elfriede (Tom): I think...
Elfriede (Tom): Hmmmm
Elfriede (Tom): Maybe I'm hallucinating
Elfriede (Tom): But regardless I only have 1 noe
Elfriede (Tom): I had at least 5 at some point
Nokri (Marisa): musical teeth
it's like musical chairs but with teeth
Nokri (Marisa): a post-operation party must be organized
Nokri (Marisa): with ice cream and confetti poppers
Elfriede (Tom): Only.soft foods can be served lmao
Nokri (Marisa): old people food only
Nokri (Marisa): can't sleep. gotta talk about anime.
Bill: So when Marisa went on those the moon is pretty tonight binges she was saying how much she loved us right?
Bill: We love you to Mawisa.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): @ me again if anyone ever wants a long-winded essay that answers none of their questions 👍
Bill: <@!301927856240459777>
Nokri (Marisa): Sometimes there are differences between official names in japan and official names in the us. The US release will spell a name one way but official Japanese merch will have it written in English another way
Nokri (Marisa): Early releases of Sgt Frog had クルル called Kururu before official Japanese merchandise released stuff saying Kululu, and then TokyoPoo had to go and retcon their releases 
That was an autocorrect but I’m leaving it like that because their company sucked anyway and had little consideration for its fans and was money hungry despite dominating the western manga market in the 2000s
Nokri (Marisa): English titles here are nonsense especially on isekai books. Like these mega popular titles one of which is getting an anime yehaw
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Let the records show I did not stop typing of my own volition. My phone died and finally put an end to this. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): Is it Holo or horo?
Nokri (Marisa): Holo for both because the English novel uses it and it’s written in Japanese prize figures that way. Myth busted.
Elfriede (Tom): 🤔
