Bill: I forgot Dave and Busters existed.
Bill: I should have gone there today.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): *yall need to sleep*
Total Nok-out (Marisa): *i see you*
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: :3
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: It's cuz we slept til 1 😱
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Cuz we we're feeling sick 😱
Total Nok-out (Marisa): become nocturnal and healthy 🙀
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i don't know how to describe the emotion i feel after watching a bunch of older japanese men doing a fortnight dance
Total Nok-out (Marisa): who made you sick who has done this to you i will destroy them
Bill: What should I do today...
Bill: I don’t want to spend a 5th day hanging in my room. BNHA marathon was worth but I need the outside.
Bill: Going to New York would be just shopping... I’m finding I don’t really like street photography or architecture. I like animals (rip I have no pets) and macro/ object photos.
Bill: For animals could go to a zoo or aquarium... but I’m not feeling going all the way to nyc for em.
Bill: Recess is probably going to be super boring alone... D&B less so but I still have free games on that game card so that’ll be a half hour of amusement.
Bill: Thought about Kalahari spa, but imma not quite in the frame of mind...
Bill: Uuu... this has been me thinking aloud and getting nowhere.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Watch more anime but like... outside
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: It's beldum day
Total Nok-out (Marisa): no u
Total Nok-out (Marisa): my coworkers had a party tonight and i didn't go because it was basically $25 just to drink but reportedly there were guy on guy makeout sessions. japan workplace culture crazy.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Oh my
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh wow ok
Total Nok-out (Marisa): several people got drunk enough to start messaging me, one about putting on a mustache and harassing our boss while freaking out about finding a yoshi costume asap and the other to air his suspicions about our female coworker being a fujoshi
Total Nok-out (Marisa): man now would be a great yona time
every time is a good yona time
Bill: Pokémon go got a lot less interesting when we stopped going out together. 9/10 I can’t play at work either.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: It cold now qq
Bill: agreed. We stopped going out in like, August tho.
Andrew: My weiss group play every  day
Andrew: They going out tomorrow from like 7am
Bill: To not have to work on mondays.
