Bill: ~~I bought the thing~
Nokri (Marisa): I went through four pens during that test. Wound up finishing with a pencil. Rest in pieces. They were the cool frixion pens too.
Nokri (Marisa): Three hours and 20 pages single spaced.  should be illegal.
Bill: what the fuck.
Aldus (Jess): OMG that sounds misrable
Bill: that's insane.
Nokri (Marisa): the last essay i wrote i had a whole thing planned out and then 10 minutes before time was up i just blanked out and wrote "thank you for reading" and got up <:lenny:395307171539189760>
we were allowed a break in between the two sections but there wasn't really any time to spare at all unless you were absolutely dying.
Nokri (Marisa): i felt really bad because i was kind of spacing out at work but i had to rush to the test right after so rip
Bill: Didn't you quit?
Nokri (Marisa): **it's manga time**
Nokri (Marisa): ha. hahaha. yeahhh about that. nah.
Bill: ~~Better than maid cafe~~
Nokri (Marisa): i talked to my boss and he said since my visa isn't sponsored by them and i'm technically a contractor i can just not work yet still be an employee, so i can work like once or twice a month if I want. i figured it looks better on a resume to work for a place for longer, and then i'll just let my contract expire in december.
Nokri (Marisa): i feel so bad for the maids and the owl girls when it rains i want to chat with them in the rain
Bill: That’s a better solution anyway, rather than working hours set by the cafe.
Nokri (Marisa): my co-workers made fun of me today for sounding like a disney princess i'm gonna sue them for harassment
Nokri (Marisa): but it was funny hearing "hello, how are you?" in a really girly voice echoing around the workplace for 3 minutes
Nokri (Marisa): 'hewwo'
Bill: Hewwo indeed.
Nokri (Marisa): hows everyone doin tonight what's the deal with airline food
Bill: Eh. Got a GI appointment at 1:30.
Bill: Cause I has ulcer, weeee~
Nokri (Marisa): you're in the military????
Nokri (Marisa): o another gi
Nokri (Marisa): yay
Aldus (Jess): I ordered business cards for one of my bosses but they arent on the stock I (he) wanted, also some random words are bold for no reason? so now ive gotta talk to them and try to figure out weather it was my mistake or theirs
Nokri (Marisa): strong cards. bolded means they will fight.
Aldus (Jess): YEA
Bill: Wow. There isn't a single decent selfie mirror in my house.
Nokri (Marisa): cat filter cat filter
Nokri (Marisa): take some purikura
Nokri (Marisa): selfie time everybody post
Aldus (Jess): thats a mood
Nokri (Marisa): jess it's selfie time everybody post
Aldus (Jess): Blep
Nokri (Marisa): NICE POST
Aldus (Jess): thank
Nokri (Marisa): biru selfie time everybody post
someone get a hold of georgia and swolfy and dave and tom's ghost and andru and everyone else
Bill: 
Bill: should get a chain of these going in BNE.
Nokri (Marisa): NICE POST u really mastered the animes
Elfriede (Tom): 
Nokri (Marisa): NICE POST did you have to coat yourself in flour to get a picture since you no longer have a corporeal form?
Dave: 
Nokri (Marisa): NI wait dave u gotta coat yourself with flour. ask tom to borrow his.
Dave: My phylactery is there
Nokri (Marisa): lewd
Ashley (Swolfy): 
Elfriede (Tom): His phalactery is the joker figure on the top left
Nokri (Marisa): SWOLFY IS BANNED NOW AND I'M DELETING ALL CONVERSATIONS AFTER I SEND THE POTATO
Nokri (Marisa): is that at least a wolf spider
Nokri (Marisa): i can't take a selfie i'm too distressed now
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Dave: <:lenny:395307171539189760> <:blacko4Gasm:428602688968851456>
Bill: ~~wow you pay for nitro~~
Elfriede (Tom): Nah he gets it for free
Aldus (Jess): O.O
Nokri (Marisa): Like, nyah.
Nokri (Marisa): hello dave our rich fwiend
Nokri (Marisa): pls give the nitros
Nokri (Marisa): moe moe kyun
Bill: https://giphy.com/gifs/beautiful-omg-5M9fup32hgG3e
Nokri (Marisa): biru also tryin to get that nitro from dave
Bill: That's for you knucklehead.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm kin with knuckles the echidna
Dave: Yeah, I do t pay for anything, just in other discord linked with twitch = more emojis
Nokri (Marisa): do u stream
Dave: 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): how does georgia take a picture of herself rock climbing when she's on a wall climbing rocks. ultimate selfie technique.
Bill: She goes with friends?
Nokri (Marisa): is that the name of a cool new selfie stick
Aldus (Jess): nah she sets the phone, propped up on a tanle with a timer on for exactly how long itll take to get tot he top
Dave: Instant transmission
Afina (Georgia): It’s took 38 seconds ;V
Aldus (Jess): see?? told ya
Elfriede (Tom): NICE SELFIE MARISA
Nokri (Marisa): a
Nokri (Marisa): nya
Nokri (Marisa): nyah
Elfriede (Tom): 😸
Dave: Double up the climb
Aldus (Jess): this buzz feed quiz told me in "mostly homosexual" bad news, <@!351785752197201920>
Aldus (Jess): OH WAIT i made an oppsie
Aldus (Jess): You got: Mostly heterosexual
Aldus (Jess): ok yea thats what i expected
Aldus (Jess): for a min I was like "WELP GOOD NEWS LADIES"
Elfriede (Tom): Lmaooo
Aldus (Jess): good news babe we can still be marred
Aldus (Jess): someone save me from buzzfeed quiz hell
Elfriede (Tom): 😱
Aldus (Jess): i took one about how pizza topping is like and it told me my fav kids show is rugrats HOW DO THEY KNOW
Aldus (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): FURRY
Aldus (Jess): buzzfeed is a furry
Afina (Georgia): Probably Robin Hood
Aldus (Jess): das what i said
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah Robin hood ❤
Bill: How can you not be?
Bill: He’s a snarky mofo
Andrew: 3
Andrew: ignore that
Andrew: still fixing keyboard
Andrew: 
Bill: same thing really.
