Dave: Time to <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Andrew: sittting here with no halloween plans ;_;
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Same 👌
Bill: ~~Halloween is not that exciting a holiday about age 12~~
Dave: ~~halloween was never exciting when you couldn't celebrate it as a kid~~
Elfriede of commitment?: ☝ ☝ ☝ ☝ ☝
Elfriede of commitment?: Rip dave
Elfriede of commitment?: Thwts twhe dewil mawjic
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I came to work intending to hand in a letter of resignation and my boss took me into a meeting instead *i can’t resign like this*
Elfriede of commitment?: OH NO
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): And then IMMEDIATELY AFTER goes away somewhere. *he knows and is trying to avoid it isn’t he*
Elfriede of commitment?: YEP
Elfriede of commitment?: KNOES
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Holy fudge this festival is outta control tonight
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): THE FIRST FLOOR OFTJIS BUILDING IS OPEN IVE NEVER EVER SEEN IT BEIFRE
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): The floor floor was always a mystery omg
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): It’s a restaurant right now
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I already bought sausage from someone I promised earlier tifisgksisbb.  I wanna go back and buy a candy apple somewhere.
Elfriede of commitment?: Omgggg
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I got my candy apple uwu
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): omg
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): candy apples are not soft
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ????!!!!
Elfriede of commitment?: NO THEY ARE NOT
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): im learning
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): hhhhhhow do you eat it
Elfriede of commitment?: Ive never actually eaten on so I'm no help
Elfriede of commitment?: Only ever eaten a chocolate or caramel apple
Elfriede of commitment?: And even that is a challenge sooo
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i need an adult
someone qualified in candy apples
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ok so i think u eat the coat like a lolllipop
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): bye any productivity i had
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): r u at home?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe you could cut it
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ya its way too crowded for my comfort
mmmmmmmmmmaybe
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): but i wanna be tough
Elfriede of commitment?: 💪 💪 💪 💪
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): its huge so i can only type with one hand so i can balance the stick in the other
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i put out a call for help on insta
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe you lickit
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like lick of all the coating?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): damn that must be inconvenient to get at a festival or fair or something though
Elfriede of commitment?: Hahaha yeah damn
Elfriede of commitment?: A Chisel
Elfriede of commitment?: Only way
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oof. i gave in and cut it, it was SUPER hard to cut it was totally solid
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i wrapped the rest in a ziplock bag, i'm gonna go get a choco banana from the people from yesterday <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede of commitment?: That'll prob be better
Elfriede of commitment?: I avoid apples in general <:lenny:395307171539189760> too much work to eat
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): HE GSVE ME 2
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): THEYTE ALL PACKING UP NOW (THANK GOODNESS I ACN SLEP TNOGHIT) ND I GOT TWO
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): it was hard to take thid selfie
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): omg those are cute
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): yeah this is the first time i've seen them decorated this much. another guy had PREMIUM chocolate bananas where he stuck potato chips on the front so it looked like a face with lips
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oh i read that candy apples are apparently good for kids because it keeps them occupied forever
Elfriede of commitment?: Are those bananas?!
Elfriede of commitment?: So neet
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): yeah!! usually it's the whole thing on a stick but these are slices on a stick and i thought they would be easier to eat
Elfriede of commitment?: OOHHHHH
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): that's what the other ones look like
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): there's video game-esque music right outside and it honestly sounds like something is buried under my junk playing music
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): but i can hear everyone packing up now so at least they won't be shouting until the wee hours of the morn. not again until next week.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): now the cops are out there with their megaphone telling people to stop shopping so the vendors can pack up and go home lol
Elfriede of commitment?: Hahaha that's great
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I JUST REMEMBERED I HAVE CHRISTMAS UNDERWEAR when is too early to wear them?
Elfriede of commitment?: Ooof
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): today is the first day you're legally allowed
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): november 1
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i have christmas leggings too I ussually try to hold out till day after thangiving
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): THESE ARE THEM
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): u are good to not wear them before halloween 👌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i got them on sale for like $1
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): pumpkin seeds are a breakfast right?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ya sure
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): earlier i was writing drafts in my school notes that i didn't want anyone to see so i wrote it small, and then the guy next to me was like "wow you have really small handwriting. what are you writing" so i wrote it smaller to spite him.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
Elfriede of commitment?: Nicuuuu
Bill: well. I've committed to happy hour with IBM tonight.
Bill: Ways I am a jackass: I buy an ebook from Amazon, immediately download it, strip the DRM, sync it to my personal library, and download it to ibooks. 

Why not read it in the kindle app? Why not buy it from the ibooks store if I want to read it there?
Bill: Cause it's my goddamn book, I bought it.
Bill: https://lifehacker.com/how-to-manage-your-seasonal-depression-1829966671
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "Other symptoms, in addition to irritability, include: low energy and lethargy, having trouble concentrating, some anxiety, being more reactive to irritants and other triggers, a sudden need to withdraw, an urge to hibernate, a decrease in sexual drive, a change in appetite (particularly a craving for carbohydrates)"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what a callout post
Dave: Pshhh "seasonal", make it yearly
Bill: They aren't symptoms if they're your normal mood!
Dave: 👌
Bill: I didn't actually read the article tho.
Bill: maybe I shoooould, actually...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the best think about seasonal affective disorder is its literally called SAD
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "About 10 to 20 percent of the United States population experiences SAD, with women making up about 75 percent of that statistic." ooo i didnt know that
Bill: I miss the olden days where I believed as long as you had the willpower you could move past depression.
Dave: Just gotta make something of your life
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): no ones immune to depression, seasonal or not.
Bill: what, like working in new york with a master's degree? <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Mmm... you aren't wrong, but I had alot more faith in "where there's a will there's a way" until recently. Sometimes even if you have the will power, your stuck. You can chose not to wallow in it, and keep living, but you can't shake the core of it so easily.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): na it doesnt work like that even the most successful people get depressed
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea sometimes there are circumstances you cant overcome
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and true depression is a chemical imbalance, which you cant change with willpower
Bill: ~~watch me nerd~~
Bill: *wow* I have a new love for Bakugo.
Dave: Yes true, everyone gets depressed at some point in life. You just can't let one small event hold you down. Keep pushing to become a better person.
Bill: you right.
Bill: Bakugo's stupid 'i'll be the best, you can't stop, and I will be better' can apply to more than just ~~punching deku~~ hero work.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): there are way to combat it for sure
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~biru life isnt an anime~~
Bill: pfft. it's better as anime.
Dave: <@351471675843411978> ding ding ding
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): plus there is a difference between sadness and depression, with sadness you can usually pinpoint the source, there is more hope involved with this, you know it will get better, you can see a "silver lining". With depression you'll be very hard pressed to find hope, and there seems to be no "reason" for the feeling
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://greatist.com/live/signs-of-depression-am-i-depressed-or-sad
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this is how it starts you see, im reading psychology stuff one minute and then all of a sudden BOOM SEX RESEARCH ARTICLES
Elfriede of commitment?: THATS HOW IT HAPPENS
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IT IS
Bill: So mix of both on my end.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): WOO SEX ARTICLES
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I find more energy during the winter
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Everyone else is depressed and I’m like wheeeee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): God I wish that were me
