Dave: #youmissedoutgeorgia
Afina (Georgia🍀): I don't take part in _down home sweetness :Lenny:_ autocannibalism DAVE
Bill: You ate peaches yesterday.
Bill: Cannibalism.
Nokri (Marisa): says the guy who eats pretzels
Nokri (Marisa): why are all chats so dead are we all just equally perishing
Bill: Georgia and I were together for a shoot. Tom and Jess were doing housework.
Bill: Hal's been watching world cup and nappin.
Nokri (Marisa): i can't believe you killed georgia
Nokri (Marisa): or georgia killed you
Bill: 🙄
Nokri (Marisa): avenge
Bill: btw, Georgia has received your caps contribution <@!351471675843411978> .
Aldus (Jess): Oh good!
Nokri (Marisa): georgia have u considered making an outfit out of all the caps
there was a staff member at anime expo who would make a dress of all the attendee badges at registration and as more and more people bought badges his dress got skimpier and skimpier
Aldus (Jess): ~~it would be really cool if I could get a few I could make into magnets for my fridge~~
Nokri (Marisa): dollar store magnets are bad but magnets i've bought online are horrifyingly strong monstrocities that if you stick to a fridge it'll never come off ever
Eliran (Halim): I'll have you know
Eliran (Halim): I did not nap at all today
Eliran (Halim): I had work, cleaning, and a carniv5
Nokri (Marisa): another server is hosting a town of salem game so i have to leave that server. rip.
Aldus (Jess): Ok
Aldus (Jess): 2 questions
1. What is carniv5?
2. What is town of Salem?
Aldus (Jess): Educate me olz
Eliran (Halim): Carnival
Eliran (Halim): But coolee
Nokri (Marisa): i assumed carniv5 was like v8 but full of meat and less vitamins
Aldus (Jess): Ooooi
Eliran (Halim): Cooler
Aldus (Jess): That would make sense!! Did u win anything?!
Eliran (Halim): Lol nope
Eliran (Halim): I tried to shoot hoops
Eliran (Halim): But the hoops are fucking ovals and misshapen
Nokri (Marisa): town of salem is a ripoff of epicmafia. it's the same exact game and epicmafia has been around longer, and whenever EM introduces new roles, ToS magically introduces identical roles several weeks later. it sucks but salem is the more popular site for some reason (maybe because it's on steam too) while epicmafia is dying rip
Aldus (Jess): Aww ye all the games are rigged <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Eliran (Halim): Like my ball almost when straight down but still bounced out
Nokri (Marisa): time to sue
Aldus (Jess): Sue the carnival sue town of Salem
Nokri (Marisa): i think the consensus people have is that epicmafia is more fun, but very confusing at first because there are like 200 different roles that all work differently. whereas town of salem is easier to jump into for beginners.
Nokri (Marisa): noobs smh
Nokri (Marisa): have y'all ever seen a ghost
Aldus (Jess): na fam
Nokri (Marisa): spooky
Afina (Georgia🍀): HAVE YOU MARISA
Nokri (Marisa): HAVE I?
Aldus (Jess): O.O
Nokri (Marisa): When I was little we lived in a house and the front room always freaked me out because there were eyes on the ceiling. Like not actual human eyes but if I remember correctly more like water stains that looked like eyes? It was a brand new house when we moved in like the pipes had tags still attached and everything. I hated that front room though because the eyes would follow you around so it was like they were always looking at you. Once I was reading a book on the stairs and suddenly I was like, outside of my body looking at myself from the perspective of the eyes on the ceiling it was freaky. 

I brought it up with BoJo a little while ago because we’re talking about moving and she was like “yeah. We had no idea what you were talking about. No one else ever saw eyes there.”
Nokri (Marisa): Also my phone has died at shrines here idk if that’s ghostly or not. Perfectly working phone with like a 85% battery. Enter a shrine. Start feeling dizzy, check phone, dead as a brick. As soon as I left the shrine it’d be back on. Woo.
Nokri (Marisa): Georgia have u seen a ghost
Aldus (Jess): other people i know have seen ghosts, and problems with electronics is pretty common with supernatural activity. ive never seen anything personally but my brother used to be hardcore into that stuff
Nokri (Marisa): Jess grab your brother and let’s go on a ghost hunt
Aldus (Jess): 😱
Aldus (Jess): he used to that alot! it scared the shit out of me at the time but i was like 10 so
Nokri (Marisa): My coworker said one night she woke up and there was a ghost over her. But she described it as a “white lady” and I was really confused because I didn’t realize she meant ghost. 
You can get revenge on your brother <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): my best friend, my cousin and toms brother all say they've seen ghosts
Nokri (Marisa): Bring! Them! In! Interview! Share their stories!
Aldus (Jess): OH WAIT
Aldus (Jess): my mom said when i was around 4 i was laughing and playing and she asked me what i was laughing at and i told her i was playing with the "two little girls" and pointed but there was no one there?
Aldus (Jess): 2 spoopy 4 me
Nokri (Marisa): Your friends owo
I hear stuff like that is really common for kids. There’s one story online about a kid who reportedly had uncanny knowledge of a specific wwii submarine fleet or something and people think he’s been reincarnated.
Nokri (Marisa): But they forget it as they grow up
Aldus (Jess): yea children are apparently more susceptible to it?? idk how true it is but that's a pretty common theme among people who who believe in ghosts and stuff.
Aldus (Jess): when we moved here i was low key afraid i was gonna see ghosts cuz the people who lived here before us lived here for 60 years and i was like 😱
Nokri (Marisa): Evict the ghosts
Nokri (Marisa): Or have them pay remt
Aldus (Jess): LMAO
Aldus (Jess): give me the ghost monies
Afina (Georgia🍀): CREEPY STUFFS MY DUDES
Aldus (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): GEORGIA SHARE
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Holy fudge what is this
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Pardon my language but holy frick
Nokri (Marisa): WHAT
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): I need to know more about Naruto Uzumaki who apparently worked at this company in 2011.
Elfriede (Tom): Omg...
Elfriede (Tom): No.way
Nokri (Marisa): Why have I been the only one here for the last 3 lessons. I’m the only teacher here it’s dead silent and too freaky. 
Naruto........ help me.....
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): I’m done with work now.
Bill: I’m way too tired to be driving 76 miles to Armonk.
Bill: Can barely keep my eyes open.
Nokri (Marisa): Have you tried turning them off and on again
Nokri (Marisa): Maybe play a 10 hour recording of an obnoxious anime girk
Bill: I made it.
Bill: I wish for death tho.
Bill: My website is over a year old now.
Bill: I started it before I bought the domain, and the domain is up for one year renewal.
Nokri (Marisa): when is the birthday party
Nokri (Marisa): for your son
Bill: Today is amazon prime day. <@!351471675843411978> <@!351785752197201920>
Nokri (Marisa): aren't a ton of people boycotting that or was that cancelled
Aldus (Jess): YEET i know. yea probably
Bill: https://kinjadeals.theinventory.com/take-5-off-any-20-book-order-from-amazon-for-prime-da-1827625427
Bill: I'm doing Armonk tomorrow too, so Gord told me I could book a room up here so I could spare myself some travel.
Bill: +1 night on the marriott rewards.
Aldus (Jess): do you have clothes? lol
Bill: ye.
Aldus (Jess): oh ok
Bill: Wouldn't do it otherwise.
Bill: It's like a half hour from Armonk, depending on traffic, there's an applebees across the street, I'mma settle in and do photos/posts.
Bill: Alright, the guy I’m mentoring is here.
Bill: ~~All I want is to be left alone in a deep hole of code I can actually work on, not being a senpai~~
Afina (Georgia🍀): Which photos? Lmao
Afina (Georgia🍀): I think your backlog must be B I G now
Elfriede (Tom): Truuu
Bill: Most of next, CPAC, that shoot, a few hundred regular photos...
Bill: Ye.
Bill: I'll get a count later, I'm curious too.
Bill: ~~I'm so tired to talking to the guy I'm training aaaaauuugggghhhhh~~
Bill: Augh. It hard to explain things for 2 hours straight.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Apparently my mom got the house appraised today?
Afina (Georgia🍀): I hope she's not thinking about moving 😬😬😬
Bill: Pretty sure you're supposed to do that every few years.
Bill: I think there are taxes based on the value of your home, so they need updated information.
Aldus (Jess): ussually the town sends that person though
Afina (Georgia🍀): Oof my to do list for today is too long to worry about moving
Afina (Georgia🍀): I mean at least I'm the age where I'll be at college or grad school anyways, and then hopefully my own place
Afina (Georgia🍀): So it's not as much a big deal to me? But I've also lived here since I was 5
Afina (Georgia🍀): Hopefully we not movin tho
Bill: Why don't you ask her.
Bill: I mean, I'm hard pressed to imagine they decided without you.
Bill: Weeee I’m out.
Bill: This layout makes me think of the kinda hotel a rich guy brings his mistress to. 😅
Aldus (Jess): Lmao yeeeaaaa
Bill: *Thanks Indellient*
Bill: I picked it tho.
Bill: Not this room, just the hotel. So I could get a rewards night.
Bill: I took a bunch of selfies with Manhattanhenge in the background but they all just aren’t profile picture material.
Aldus (Jess): RIP
