Aldus (Jess): Welp, time to binge dragon Prince and eat an entire box of crackers
Bill: House to yourself mood.
Bill: I finished it this morning, please live blog.
Aldus (Jess): In on ep. 2 everyone is beautiful, rayla made me gay
Bill: I mean that accent is pretty hot but I dunno.
Bill: Caleb is like medieval lance.
Aldus (Jess): Yea! Sounds just like him too but it's not the same VA
Aldus (Jess): Runaan sounds like lotor, but isn't either
Bill: Which one is Runaan?
Aldus (Jess): King harrow and viren eem gay af
Bill: That’s a fucking mood.
Bill: Viren is a trope tho.
Aldus (Jess): Mr. Leader of elf assassins man
Bill: So “Mr Jess Going to Tap That”.
Aldus (Jess): Don't call me out
Bill: ~~Am I wrong~~
Aldus (Jess): Ok no call me out he's beautiful, they're all beautiful
Bill: You really have a thing for elves.
Aldus (Jess): YEET and white hair RIP me
Bill: I like Viren’s kids. They’re... also tropes, but they’ve got good banter.
Bill: Caleb and Rayla do too, eventually.
Aldus (Jess): I think it's Callum
Bill: Sounds better.
Bill: I haven’t looked at any text to know the spellings yet.
Bill: Which reminds me I need to trope this.
Aldus (Jess): Harrow: "if it's the last thing I do as kind you will know your place"
Viren: "Yea, where's that"
Harrow: "Right here, on your knees*
GAAAY
Bill: They gay as hell.
Bill: Apparently Soren is meme’d as a host club member and Viren has meme’d as anything that sounds like Viren. Lord Vitamin, Lord Voltron....
Aldus (Jess): NICU
Bill: The fact that there’s a grey and grey morality in the series is talked about a lot but... because of the kid friendly rating I don’t think it’s as great at showing it as it could be.
Aldus (Jess): "the king will ahve you in shakles if he hear about this" <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~they aren’t even elves you fujoshi~~
Aldus (Jess): Ok first of all
Aldus (Jess): I had to look that up
Aldus (Jess): Second of all
Aldus (Jess): I'm def not
Aldus (Jess): But I honestly thought they were a couple at first
Bill: 😋
Bill: You not wrong.
Bill: They’re some ho yay in there.
Aldus (Jess): Claudia captures Raunaan "I can think of better uses for him, tie him up"
<:lenny:395307171539189760> <:lenny:395307171539189760> <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): Look at me leading a kids tv show, I should be ashamed of myself
Bill: You saw Sakimi draw Chat Noir right?
Bill: Boys 15?
Bill: Right Georgia?
Aldus (Jess): Ha haha ye
Bill: ~~Literally the only thing I want to talk about is late in the series so rip me~~
Aldus (Jess): I'm on ep. Four
Bill: Great progress.
Afina (Georgia): yeee i saw
Bill: I know lol, was confirming adrien’s age.
Aldus (Jess): I'm so tired but I wanna watch more
Nokri (Marisa): Do it
Aldus (Jess): ok the house is ungodly silent
Nokri (Marisa): Karaoke
Nokri (Marisa): who's ready to party
Nokri (Marisa): today's mood is the party cat comics
today's quote is "I just feel lately that your parties have not been up to par... ty."
Bill: There’s a guy on the 6:58 train with like, ratty long hair in gotta be his 50s. Wirey, kinda creepy, you know the type. He walks to the train lifting his laptop case like a dumbbell.
Nokri (Marisa): He’s attempting to be the alpha you gotta stop him
Start bench pressing other passengers
Nokri (Marisa): Like three people just tagged me in posts all at once and one of their usernames is yabai and I was like “yEAH this is really yabai”
Bill: I’m trying to get more sleep on the train but it’s just not working uguuuu
Nokri (Marisa): channel your inner japanese class u can do it ⭐
just don't miss your stop
Bill: I never slept in Japanese class.
Nokri (Marisa): people in japan always sleep on the train and that gets transmitted through the language
Bill: Ah good point.
Bill: I used to be productive on these trips you know?
Nokri (Marisa): what happened
Bill: I’m eternally too tired for that shit now.
Bill: I wore a fleece pullover today because when I got out of bed I was freezing.
Bill: Mmmmmmiiiiiiistakessssssssss
Nokri (Marisa): roll it up like a crop top. fashion.
Bill: I just slammed my head into the luggage rack getting off the train.
Bill: Can I go home?
Nokri (Marisa): are............ are you dead...? 🙀 
is ur head ok
Aldus (Jess): I think I left lights on arhime 😅
Nokri (Marisa): now you're gonna have angry solicitors knocking all day
Aldus (Jess): Oh well 😂 I managed to remember to take the trash out at least
Nokri (Marisa): you're gonna come home to a bunch of 1950s encyclopedia salesmen doing this
https://media.giphy.com/media/sNVaeVvTegqZi/giphy.gif
Aldus (Jess): Lmfao
Bill: “You’ve been selected for your local Vault from Vault tec!”
Aldus (Jess): OOF im up almost 10 lbs, time to ditch the carbs again
Nokri (Marisa): how do people know how much they weigh. how do find out.
Aldus (Jess): i has a scale
Nokri (Marisa): :0
Nokri (Marisa): like a snake
Nokri (Marisa): slither slither
Nokri (Marisa): ssssssssssss
wait do snakes even have proper scales
like an *armored* snake or fish yeah that's better
Nokri (Marisa): ffffffffish
Bill: Or a dragon prince.
Nokri (Marisa): i want to eat hamantaschen
Nokri (Marisa): but not the jam kind i want the fake kind with chocolate or peanut butter
Nokri (Marisa): party when
Aldus (Jess): party?
Nokri (Marisa): hamantaschen party
Aldus (Jess): when u get back!
Aldus (Jess): u can teach us all how to make them, we can bake them in my tiny over
Nokri (Marisa): EASY BAKE OVEN HAMANTASCHEN
Nokri (Marisa): u get some flour and some butter and a egg and some other small stuff
mix and cool in the fridge i guess
flatten and.... the secret is that the triangles are *actually circles* but don't tell anyone. cut a circle and then put ur jam or whatever in the middle and then triangulate it
smear egg on it
cook
bada bing bada boom
Nokri (Marisa): maybe u don't need to egg it before cooking but i do that for poptarts
Aldus (Jess): can i use orange marmalade? 😮
Nokri (Marisa): ya!
Aldus (Jess): WHOA
Nokri (Marisa): some people like to put orange in the crust too
Aldus (Jess): :O!
Aldus (Jess): amazing
Aldus (Jess): my gramma makes cookies that at kind like that
Aldus (Jess): https://media.chefdehome.com/650/0/0/peanut-butter/peanut-butter-shortbread-thumbprint-cookies-chefdehome-2.jpg
Aldus (Jess): like dat!
Nokri (Marisa): WOAH those things are delicious omg
Nokri (Marisa): hamantaschen are more disappointing oops they're not very cookie-like and kind of bland except for the filling
does she make them year round or are they holiday cookies
Aldus (Jess): mostly for christmas
Aldus (Jess): she makes alot of differnt type of cookies for chirstmas, less now cuz she old tho
Nokri (Marisa): u gotta help fill that gap, make more cookies. cookie war
Aldus (Jess): making cookies is fun, they dont take long and you get to eat them shorty after they come out XD
Nokri (Marisa): cosplay cookie baking owo
Nokri (Marisa): i hope my cat likes the new mouse i made her. this time it's very colorful. the last i made was all felt and it might've been too scratchy
Nokri (Marisa): a girl poked my cheek yesterday and who knows how many months its last been since i've had physical contact with another creature so i hope my cat is ok
Aldus (Jess): do you know her?
Nokri (Marisa): i do now <:lenny:395307171539189760>
she's from chile and was cosplaying from the same series as I was. our characters have a master/servant relationship so a bunch of people asked for a photo of us together and we hung out the rest of the event. she introduced me to buff katsucon guy
Nokri (Marisa): a random girl did not randomly poke my cheeck but that would be a story
Aldus (Jess): ooo ok that makes more sence
Nokri (Marisa): i am just incredibly socially awkward :dab_chunni: 
i never shut up on discord but catch me in real life making everyone uncomfortable with my uncomfortable silence :fingerguns:
Aldus (Jess): oh yea me too
Aldus (Jess): ~~unless I drink then i never shut up over~~
Nokri (Marisa): katsucon will be hydrate jess con. a steady supply of water bottles to keep her talking.
Aldus (Jess): ah yes, water bottles
Nokri (Marisa): when will aliens finally make public contact with us
Nokri (Marisa): moving freaks me out so much. how do we do it.
Aldus (Jess): like moving to a new house? or jus tmoving around
Nokri (Marisa): moving. like. how am i typing this? how do i move my fingers
Nokri (Marisa): how do we blink. sometimes my eye twitches without me willing it to do that how that happen. how do i even will movement to happen.
Bill: Are you drunk?
Nokri (Marisa): no that's illegal
Aldus (Jess): so i feel kinda sick today but not sick enough to call out so i went to work but all my coworkers freak out if they see you are coughing/sneezing  r anything remotely sick like so i had to wait till my coworker left to take day quill and a cough drop. also could totally just be allergies
Bill: I forgot my pills this morning so I had to turn around. Dad gave me a funny look.
Nokri (Marisa): Ninja illness
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah I feel kinda sick too
Aldus (Jess): like i almost called out this morning buuuuuut i didnt
Aldus (Jess): This strangly cut toilet paper is the highlight of my day
Nokri (Marisa): Looks hand cut. So fancy.
Nokri (Marisa): *only the finest, hand crafted toilet paper that money can buy*
Bill: I did open a ko-fi the other week... wonder if I should actually share it.
Bill: ~~Even if it's technically already on my social media listings~~
Bill: Sometime when I actually see my sister I should have her give me a crash course on google analytics.
Bill: fuck. The lemon drops I bought in hopes they were as good as the ones I got last week (they aren't) are sugar free.
Bill: Sugar free candy bothers my stomach, I didn't realize.
Aldus (Jess): ~~give it to me~~
Bill: Threw it out.
Bill: sorry.
Aldus (Jess): Nuuuuuu 😭
Aldus (Jess): Some sugar free candies bother me too, I just take the punishment 😂 they make me have diareha but I have life savers I'mma try and see if they do that too
Bill: ~~They do~~
Bill: That was my go to one before they started bothering mine, same symptoms.
Aldus (Jess): yeeee some artificial sweeteners have laxative effects
Aldus (Jess): maltitol,  sorbitol and xylitol are the wosrt i think?
Aldus (Jess): I know xylitol is what's in Russel stiver sugar free and dang one or two of those and I'm doing g a candy cleanse
Bill: Yeee all I need is a handful of sugar free lifesavers and I need mine saved.
Aldus (Jess): aww yeeee
Aldus (Jess): imm probably try tose tonight XD
Bill: Enjoy that.
Aldus (Jess): thats ok i can use a good clean out XD
Aldus (Jess): actually now that you mentioned it ive been drinking sugar free coffee creamer and ive been feeling not to good 🤔  then again i carb bombed this weekend and my body hates me so
Aldus (Jess): ~~join our server we talk about what sugar substitutes make us shit, like the old people we are~~
Bill: ~~join our server for the game that's currently got no one writing for it~~
Bill: Next week is *literally* the 1 year anniversary.
Aldus (Jess): HEY i posted!
Bill: Not in this round.
Bill: ~~Did you not realize I posted Thursday~~
Aldus (Jess): oooo no
Aldus (Jess): i was vewy busy thursday packing for camping
Bill: Fall fashions are here. Walked to the ferry today.
Bill: So many preppy outfits.
Bill: Denim too.
Bill: I need a neck pillow.
Aldus (Jess): Mood
Aldus (Jess): Actually I have one
Elfriede (Tom): Look what Dave found
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): And Hercules vhs
Elfriede (Tom): I wanna steal this
Elfriede (Tom): I actually considered theft for the first time in my life
Aldus (Jess): 😮 😮 😮
Aldus (Jess): Where was it?
Elfriede (Tom): In his dresser along with squeeky toys and Tonka trucks
Aldus (Jess): Lmfao
Bill: I have a copy still.
Bill: If you want out your phantom thief debut on hold.
Bill: We have all our old vhs tapes.
Aldus (Jess): I should like eat something 🤔
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah
