Aldus Larian (Jess): Uhhh I guess, get me on a better night. Lol I'm not feeling very glamorous at the moment
Bill: Whenever we go to the bar you always have a good look going so I don’t think you need too much help.
Bill: We’ll talk about it eventually.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye but it's something I gotta wear walking around da city
Bill: That’s 80s look you had at laundromat last time was good and casual!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Heeels thooo
Bill: Did you have heels?
Bill: You could easily just wear vans with an outfit like that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): They are boots I wouldn't want to wear walking for very long
Bill: Aaah
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't have vans <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have converse tho
Bill: ~~sane difference to me!~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://apsari.com/shrek-reboot-voice-cast-original-cameron-diaz-eddie-murphy-myers-green-ogre-sequel-fifth-movie?fbclid=IwAR3liZ21sJL0l4STQqzYv9l-3qGLV-oq84FAf_Bf0kjqgc_kQyk76Ppaysk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!334090409389195266>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): HUNTER JUST TAGGED ME IN IT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): IM STILL SCREAMING
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): WHAT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): IM NOT SURE IF I SHOULD BE HAPPY OR ENRAGED
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): BUT SHREK
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Fbndjdjdjjdjd
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think regardless, the most important thing is it's the original voice cast
Tikur (Kurtis): https://media.tenor.com/images/b6c2565e2d72e5e03f7afa94897e6ff6/tenor.gif
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/shrek-is-life-fp3oWXhUqEVFe
Aldus Larian (Jess): My no cavity track record continues
El🆓de Faun (Tom): What the fuc
Tikur (Kurtis): Woo!!
Bill: This is like the fourth time I’ve read Present Mics speech before the UA entrance exam copied word for word.
Bill: I should have done something productive this morning.
Bill: All I’ve done is read fanfic.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm actually making progress on my room. I organized most of my cosplay stuff into boxes. Have a specific THOT box for my slave and red riding hood costumes lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Is it labeled as such
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no lol
Bill: Today it kurto.
Bill: I unpacked my duffel only to repack it for this weekend.
Bill: Sheesh.
Aldus Larian (Jess): This weekend? U staying somewhere tonight
Bill: Down at Rowan. I mentioned I was going to visit Jen and Jeremy this weekend remember?
Bill: That’s why suggested shoots in phili, but those didn’t happen.
Bill: I was going anyway tho.
Bill: Speaking of the two of them, mom had the idea to offer to do engagement photos and that’s like, such a great idea.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah I can barely keep track of my own schedule
Aldus Larian (Jess): But yea you totally should
Bill: I’d have been nice to bring everyone down early tho. Shame.
Bill: Also I have FINALLY been pulled over!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Uh oh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Congrats?
Bill: And still didn’t get a ticket!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): A lot of times your first time they give you a free pass
Bill: I really should have a speeding ticket by now, yet.
Bill: I got no points on my license so...
Bill: Just being heavy on the gas around a corner is easily just an accident.
Bill: ~~actually just batted my baby blue eyes and got outta it~~
Bill: But I’m just rather amazed that went the way it did so.
Bill: I’m a douchey Subaru driver these days. Y’all have gotten tickets for less.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i aint got ticketed yet <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My first time I rolled through a stop sign and the cops were right there. I must have moved my hand in the steering wheel in some way because they thought I was being an ass and waving at them as I rolled through. He was a real jerk about it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i was pulled over once cause i was driving at night and the officer thought i had too tinted windows .-.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i cried abou being pulled over in the 7/11 parking lot after LOL
Bill: Ye Erik, that’s what should get a pass not going 10 miles over on an entrance ramp.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "Do you know why I pulled you over?"
"Because I didn't come to a complete stop?"
"OR AT ALL"
*Umm, I at least slowed down and there was no one there, but go off I guess*
"Why were you waving to my partner over there?"
"What?"
"You waved at us as you ran that stop sign"
"Uhh... I didn't?"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also said I was speeding and thought I was evading them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Meanwhile I'm literally right around the corner from my house
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Them they saw my driving record was spotless and let me off with a warning but I was fucking pissed he was being a dick about it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wow what dicks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like, this is why people hate cops
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You don't have to be a condescending asshat to assert your authority
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *That makes people respect you less*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea alot of cops judge young men really hard too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): finally an advantage to being a woman lol
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I got a speeding ticket going 35 in a 25
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wooo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That was neeto
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Also one other ticket for my registration expiring after I moved
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Cuz I didn't update my address yet
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i should really take advantage of not having friday classes and go somewhere
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i could fly to orland 140 round trip in september whoa
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my grandpas house is down there too which we currently own
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if we still own it in september...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~who wants to randomly go to florida with me lmao~~
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Hmmmmmmm 🤔 🤔 🤔
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Can think about it!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i know jess would love da pool and da beach
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im actually considering this now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): except CCE is already a vacation lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'mma a slut for da beach
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tbh my august is pretty free
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): we should plan a squad beach day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ill be away 22-26 and im (hopefully) having a borthday celebration the 10th weekend
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but that leaves basically every other weekend free
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah my August is light as well
Bill: I’m starting to remember rest stops on the turnpike, yikes.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oooo new trash zombie movie comes ou june 14
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats my shit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its got adam driver like, _kylo ren the zombie killing sheriff_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): AND BILL MURRAY
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _and steve buscemi what_
Bill: I should really remember to check if these hotels I’ve been booking have pools. I know Rowan’s does.
Bill: Course I’m here to drown my anxiety in booze and old bay fries.
Bill: And see Jen and Jeremy.
Bill: I got that discount room at the Kalahari end of June if I wanna swim.
Andrew: Where is your hotel
Bill: We’re at Rowan, chicken and Pete’s. <@!141729881779077121>
