Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Paid my health insurance bill, got a new suitcase, and got my package of boxes but those were too small but luckily donki sold boxes at the register and I got a big box despite it being their smallest size so now I can mail stuff back without needing 5 small boxes yay
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i might get some of my health insurance refunded? around $10 maybe? idk it's been a long time since i last left japan and had to cancel my health insurance, but as a student the bill is only $15
USA adopt Japan's health insurance policy when
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): if only
Bill: https://www.staples.com/3-x-36-mailing-tubes-white-each/product_468355?akamai-feo=off Jess, you wouldn't happen to know a rough estimate on the cost to ship something like this would you?
Bill: I know you occasionally mail stuff for work right?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea but i dont do the actuall shiping part
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i just pack it and give it to john
Bill: rip. I'm trying to spitball what it would cost to mail out prints.
Bill: though I really need to ask peeps if 13x19 prints of their faces is even of interest to them.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Just send a super close up of their face no context no message just a close up print they’ll love it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you also wouldnt need a tube that big
Bill: I didn't think so but I'm having trouble finding things..
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): uline.com
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): u gotta but minimum 25 tho i think
Bill: So i'd need a 15" length.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Send someone a minimum of 25 close ups of their face
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): No context
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea whatever is closest
Bill: <@!301927856240459777>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’m so ugly I love it
I’ll buy 25
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I hear eye liner that isn’t from the dollar store doesn’t chip off like that so I’m gonna give it a try
Bill: *50 tube* minimum.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Is that a tear on my face from the cold lol
I cry when it’s cold 
I’ll take 75
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): *uses the close up images of my face to wipe away the cold tears*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dis what tom and i use is p.good and p.cheap https://www.nyxcosmetics.com/vinyl-liquid-liner/NYX_187.html
Bill: assuming 1 1/2 inch diameter is wide enough. Should be.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I thought the eyeliner was for the tube shipping and spent a while trying to figure out how they were related
Thank u for the recommendation :0
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Is expense. Does it last a while?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ive never had is budge
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~i buy u a tube~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The only tube you buy me is a tube of my face
Bill: ~~Battle of the Century part two~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Have you ever asked it to move nicely
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I complain about stuff being expensive and then I go spending an entire day’s worth of pay in one day <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this one is only 2 dollars but people say it stains your eyes? 
https://www.elfcosmetics.com/expert-liquid-liner/21702.html?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIyq7YlcXU3wIVU1uGCh1N0gpqEAQYBCABEgKr_PD_BwE
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It STAINS your EYES????
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Horrifying
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): well, around your eyes
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It stains your eyes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this one has better reviews:
https://www.elfcosmetics.com/precision-liquid-eyeliner/81206.html?cgid=eyes-eyeliner
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Does it stain your eyes
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’m so scared now
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Do not stain your eyes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LOL none of them stain your eyes people just said the one was really hard to get off
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’m gonna sigh really heavily if I see you and you have stained eyes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Stained eyes................
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It’s like what the TV used to warn us about but without the R
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh yeah nyx is strong stuff
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Once it dry it good
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And taking it off isn't bad either
Bill: me: has large todo list of things I want to do
also me: watch Psych and give up for the day
Bill: 
Bill: recommendation for the pin board I have for my RWBY game character Sherwood.
Bill: Uh.
Bill: *How'd I get from boots, military apparel and leather jackets to this?*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Fashion phasr
Bill: Be a good Weiss outfit.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That's how Pinterest goes
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Silly Pinterest, I was looking for pictures of swords not naked women
