Aldus Larian (Jess): The treat yoself is not over I bought 3 pop figures
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hot topic had none of the merch I wanted so I the  treating myself ended there
Bill: Fucccck I’ve got mucus in my throat, nothing to drink, and 20 minute till I’m at the car.
Andrew: oohhh
Andrew: i heard about the todd thing
Andrew: i felt a bit weird psoting my piuc with monica cuz of whats been going on
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Todd? I missed something
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yo I need to do laundry so bad
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I need to *fold* laundry so bad
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I gotta do that too
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have my hair up today, take guesses on how many people are gonna point it out to me
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yo ikr
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm out of everything
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Only old men
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So 2
Elfriede Faun (Tom): My guess
Aldus Larian (Jess): 1 was man (picking on me)
1 was woman (complimenting me) <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): Who’s Samantha Ireland and why is Scott tagging her in cosplay photos 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Voice of Nora
N🆗ri (Marisa): He’s tagging jess again!! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): and u!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My paycheck was 30 dollars more than I thought it’d be!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Time to blow it on something dumb hooray!
Glonk: I know what to do with that extra $30
Glonk: Take it and deposit it to your savings!
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's a funny way of saying buy 3 new manga but yeah
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So my parents are out tonight so I'm on my own for dinner and I'm going to treat myself to a nice seafood dinner <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: nicu
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): TREAT YO SELF
Aldus Larian (Jess): Homemade or out?
Glonk: He already has gone off fishing
N🆗ri (Marisa): My white hair is back! And there’s two!!
Someone found a white hair on my head in college and pulled it out but now there’s two white hairs in my bangs. I’m so old.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): out
Aldus Larian (Jess): NICU
Bill: So weird how learning to swim isn’t basically mandatory in Japan.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): FREE MARATHON
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oo gotta watch flcl sequels
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's not basically mandatory there either tho
Bill: I don’t know anyone who can’t tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tom's sister can't
Aldus Larian (Jess): We live in area where alot of people have pools or lakes and also near an ocean so it's common around here
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So "treat yo self" to a nice dinner turned out to be getting a fish sandwich at Arby's to go and watching the My Hero Movie again
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Nicer restaurant was too crowded
Bill: Lollllll that’s still litty though.
