Bill: You are too good for this world Kurto.
Bill: I fixed it.
Bill: Marisa you could wear all of those clothes. You have a slight build that would suit japanese fashion.
Nokri (Marisa): What is Grimm Slayers in BNE?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): People who play RWBY Grimm Eclipse
Nokri (Marisa): Oooo :0
Nokri (Marisa): Is there a secret 18+ channel you guys are hiding <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): I like all the personal tags
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We made it for when Audrey was in the group and we wanted to talk about "adult" topics
Bill: Audery is back in the group I thought.
Bill: Ye she back.
Nokri (Marisa): Some people have the 18+ thing and some don窶冲 and it窶冱 not related to the one nsfw channel
Nokri (Marisa): conspiracy powers a c t i v a t e
Bill: It used to be used for the 1*+ channel. I changed it so Audery is just blocked from the channel.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Someone on my Instagram is named Giorgia
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I窶况e been staring at that spelling for like 10 years
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So remember during my sister's wedding I posted about a cat that kept showing up to the b&b we stayed at?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My sister's maid of honor noticed that our new cat looks eerily similar to the cat from the wedding
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We've been looking over every photo we have of wedding cat and determined that we ended up with THE SAME CAT AND I'M SCREAMING
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG are you kidding me?
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats INSANE
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): She sent me these
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We're freaking out because it has all the same markings, came with the same collar, and displays the same behavior
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Omg
Kaio Vermino (Lee): The cat chose you guys
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ommggg yes that def looks like the same cat
El氣電e Faun (Tom): woahhhhhhhh
El氣電e Faun (Tom): THATS COOL
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's so funny because we were joking about wanting to take that cat in
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and somehow fate made it so xD
El氣電e Faun (Tom): That's awesome
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my students just scared the shit out of me, they showed up this morning like "why arent you in costume"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i was like OH FUCK THEY FOUND ME?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but it turns out its just halloween day for spirit week
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ommggg 沽
El氣電e Faun (Tom): OH DAMN
El氣電e Faun (Tom): What a scare
Tikur (Kurtis): Get spooked
Bill: There窶冱 an in development sequel for spider verse.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo I should watch the og
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's on Netflix! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
El氣電e Faun (Tom): https://i.imgur.com/nZwMLWU.png
El氣電e Faun (Tom): <@351471675843411978>  idk what this is but it looks like lavender cheesecake
Aldus Larian (Jess): give it to me
Nokri (Marisa): looks soapy
Tikur (Kurtis): Yooo looks delish
Aldus Larian (Jess): Bastille kinda slaps ya know?  I didnt realsie they had like 47 albums, when did that happen
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Woahhh
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Only know like 2 songs
Aldus Larian (Jess): I know like 6 XD
El氣電e Faun (Tom): One of which is ofc pompeii
Nokri (Marisa): i know that song!! it won in an amv contest at zenkai a few years back
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA thats them
Aldus Larian (Jess): update: I know alot more than 6, somehow
Nokri (Marisa): i can't believe pride month is over because I just got reversible sequin bow fabric that's rainbow one way and gold another way
Nokri (Marisa): like those pillows
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHOA
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats neat
Nokri (Marisa): "where did these elf ears come from?"
"they were for doreen's niece's quinceanera last year but it never happened"
"oh ok"

guess i got new elf ears but they need some adjusting
