Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): How do some people have like 180k followers and 10 pictures 
Do they delete all their posts? And if so why?
I was following someone i have no idea who they are because they had two posts but like a billion followers and I was very confused
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Some poeple pay for followers but idk how that works
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I considered that but I don’t think those followers like the posts? Unless having a higher follower count makes your posts more visible so the likes come from elsewhere. 
Buying followers is just buying empty accounts/bots
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmmm indstagram is such a mystery
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Randomly getting this was so ominous sififdjsvdidkabsusba
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😱
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): *Bye I guess*
Perished
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): He my classmate I know him
Just really weird timing and it sounds like I’m dying
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Bye forever
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Bye jess
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): An earthquake is the last thing I need right now. Earth pls chill.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Earth needs some herbal tea
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I need time to fast forward because I’m so stressed now I’m physically shaking and can’t stop @u@
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh no mawisa! Is the earthquake over?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Ya it was over fast and it was small
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh ok das good at least
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I hope my suitcases don’t break. They’re pretty bursting. And I have more boxes and I don’t want to bother the post office people but I have to mail it home. I threw out most of my clothes but I need some to wear and I’m trying to fit them in my book bag.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Can small suitcases be used as carry ons? I want to stick with my bookbag but. Hmm.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): People keep giving me stuff and I love it and don’t want to throw it out because that’s rude but how am I supposed to transport cutlery sets and cups and stuff across the world. Aaaahh.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Small suitcases can be carry-ons! I don't know they exact dimensions but the airlines website should have it
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Hmm. I’ll go with my bookbag, it’s the same dimensions as a carry on I think.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Ghhhh I hope the suitcases don’t break
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What kind of material are they?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Plastic
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh those look like sturdy bois
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I hope so. I had a bad experience in middle school when the wheel of a bag broke off on its first use. The blue one has survived the trip before, but it’s never been this heavy. It’s way over 50 pounds but I hope it’s under 70 because 70+ pounds won’t be accepted by the airline
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😨
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Are you gonna ahave closthes to wear when you get home 😮
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yeah that’s what I’m trying to fit in my carry on
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I have about 4 days of my favorite clothes I can use if it fits. If it doesn’t I lose a day of clothes until it does.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It’s very hard trying to pick the best of the favorites
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Can you like layer up for the trip?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Or are you already doing that
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yeah I’m doing that, but I don’t want to overheat. A lot of airlines prevent it for that reason, it’s an 18 hour flight with multiple parts. So I’m wearing my bulkiest outfit (sweater and jeans and coat)
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea def don't wanna go crazy
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Shoves all my protective amulets in my purse in hope that I can calm down
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I think I’m going to pack my laptop up for good. I wanted to keep it out but I need to dismantle everything I have hooked up to make sure it will fit.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Phone is now best friend
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Ye. I’m abandoning the mouse and the mic I used for voice chats, it’s a cheap amazon one, and the USB extender so I could have like 5 sticks and 3 4 cards plugged in at once. Everything except the charger.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): :(
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That's so stressful
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): omg i'm making a list now wanna see it
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yes
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): list of fears! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> 
running out of money
something breaking (suitcase or something within, like camera or laptop)
missing a flight
losing something important
being unable to pay sudden unexpected charges
the apartment smelling funny (i don't think it does? but what if it does??)
the post office rejecting me 
the post office being too expensive to ship the boxes
something going wrong with my ticket and being unable to check in
the train being crowded and sold out of seats
being unable to find a taxi to get to the train station
hurting the taxi driver since they insist on putting your luggage in the car for you (related: breaking the luggage or being rejecting for the luggage being too heavy)
the house manager being late to the move-out meeting making me late to get to the airport
my phone dying at a crucial time because it dies randomly now despite having ~30% battery still
my cards not working when i need them to (or running out of money because there's only $200 on them lol)
being unable to find a mailbox at the airport to send my insurance card back, or losing the envelope to send it in
the suitcases getting lost somewhere at the airport or getting stolen at baggage claim
being too short to put my carry-on bag above the seat, or having it not fit there and having something inside break because there's minimal padding
bothering the people next to me on the flight, or holding up a line because i will be carrying double my weight around with me and making people angry about it
taking up too much space
missing the transfer because something gets delayed and i can't clear US customs and make it to the gate in time, but being out of money to get a hotel and camping outside of the airport overnight
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i have to vacuum and clean the apartment and throw everything else out too, so add:
being unable to get a stain out of something
incorrectly throwing something away and getting fined for it because it's not trash day
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i already dug through the trash outside at 1am to find something yesterday loll
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Do you have a credit card? 😮
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): just a debit card. i had two to be safe, but one got................ idk what's the word. hacked? back in may and someone tried to buy thousands of dollars of stuff at walmart (lol jokes on them i don't have that much money) so it had to be replaced and BoJo kept forgetting to send the new card. I have the numbers of the second card and use it for online purchases like my rent, but only one physical card.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Does your mom have a card that you could use in case of emergency? Like youd have to call and get the numbers but at least it would be a back up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Or you could give them the numbers of your other card
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): yeah. BoJo has an account but it's got less than $300 in it and that's the account for paying bills/buying food. My name is also on that account. I have $100 in cash that was a farewell gift that is also for emergencies. I could use it in the US but not in Japan.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So no credit cards then. How much extra could a bag cost? Like is there a max
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~im no help cuz I know nothing about flying~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i'm expecting between $100 and $200 per overweight bag. I'm hoping just the one is overweight.
a third bag would be expensive. $150 to buy the suitcase, then $200 for the 3rd bag fee
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): is ok! now you can be prepared when you fly internationally
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): sorry to spam the chat with stress
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nah it ok
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I wish I could do something to help!
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): is ok i'll survive somehow. hopefully. i been havin chest pains from stress and exerting myself with heavy things. BUT I GOT THIS.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i've had worse chest stress pains <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You can do it! Please take care of yourself ♥️
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): requiring hospitalization <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i hope people don't think i'm snubbing them. i've been getting a lot of messages and a lot of requests to meet with people for the last time, but i only have 48 hours to do everything and i can't spend a whole day with every person ;~;
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo boy i almost lost something important just now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Awww no just explain you have alot of stuff to get done.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it's useless and gross and i don't need it tho so i shouldn't care about losing it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮 what is it?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it's part of a claw that my cat shed. i know that's really weird.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Awww no! I totally get that one time I found one of those after my cat died and cried for like hour
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): AND it won't take up room in your suitcase so you should totally keep it
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): yeah it's super mega tiny, that's why i kind of jumped when it wasn't where i thought it was
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): U need small container for it
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): hmmm
new phone case has pockets
or i put it in back pocket of my purse
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): total bags are:
black suitcase
blue suitcase
black backpack (carry-on)
purse (personal item)
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i hope they don't make me open all the pockets of my carry on. you have to take a computer out to go through bag check but i don't want to empty the contents because it is packed in there very solidly.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooo yea hopefully
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): yeah hopefully 😦
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): and yeah totally get the claw thing, i did something similar (but it was my Gameboy advanced that was stolen hue) I kept the fucking strap for it
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): and then my brother thought it'd be funny to dangle it out the window while we were driving
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): and HE DROPPED IT
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): OH NO THAT'S SO MESSED UP
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i'm sorry that happened
i hope you got revenge
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I think i just cried
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): classic
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): little brother btw
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): and that's how you became an only child
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): :3c
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): rip
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): (I have a sister too and two half brothers but nevermind them for now)
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): only child <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it'd be nice if no one sat next to me on the flight
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it'd be nice if i can get to the flight lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🙏
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I guess just leave with lots of extra time?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i try!! but the house manager won't come until 10am that morning so i can only leave when that's finished. it's also assigned seating, right now it looks like on the first flight there's no one next to me which is nice
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): but they always fill seats in last minute
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): true, but MAYBE!
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): someone is next to me for the second flight but that's only a couple of hours and i'll be too frazzled to care about anything anymore
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): last time i did this the flight was delayed by 5 hours and we were just sitting on the plane not moving and i was so frazzled i started crying when the stewardess gave me some water. sorry miss.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Understandable
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I had to come to school to print stuff out and the conversation these people are having are crazy. 
“She spends 八万円 a month on meth, 信じられん”
“マジか？あれはなんかmessed upじゃん”
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It’s rare for people to switch languages while conversing like that
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> if you have any trouble with cash say something.  Don’t stress, you’ve got an Aurii to help you.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I can do this!! <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i know mawisas middle name now <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): FRICK I DOXXED MYSELF
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I was careless this is a Costly mistake you have Too Much Power currently
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It never happened <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Jessica
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): u delte it you sneky snek
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): safe at last from Shia debuff
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’m so tan now what if no one recognizes me
Bill: give us your flight itinerary!
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I have to shed my skin to make it paler like a true nerd
O yeah
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’ll be on Delta 276 from NRT to DTW, takes off at 6:10pm local time and lands at 4:11pm local time. I travel back in time. 
Then Delta 2549 from DTW to PHL. Departs 6:03pm local time and arrives 7:50pm local time. 
If everything goes as planned.
Bill: Now to find an app that tracks the planes.
Bill: 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 6:00pm japan time is 4:00am USA time
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): If you google the flight number a ton of tracking sites pop up
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: 
Bill: Um?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It changes around. Last week my first flight was from Tokyo to Texas or something like that
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Look we can stalk the current flight
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): OH WAIT 2954 my bad <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> I’ll edit the post
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): There. Just like nothing ever happened. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Wait
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this is confuse
Bill: google DL 2594, it shows you that flight for the day.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do the number get reassigned each day?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Or a cool bathroom faucet
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Not always. Sometimes. Most flights are pretty consistent with their numbers though.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Or it might be different during high travel seasons
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Maybe it was to Texas for the holidays and then switched back to Detroit. A lot of Japanese researchers go to Texas for nasa or live there.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cuz rn the first on says its already on its way and the second is comming up JFK to SEA
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yeah! So the first flight takes off once a day, so that’s the flight that left 6 hours ago. I’ll be on that in about 30ish hours or something. Idk what’s up with the second one it has too many numbers.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOOO ok
Bill: So close to having one (1) Marisa back.
Bill: ~~She'll keep us entertained at work all day, not just in the morning now~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): There were signups at school that people joined to make me send them memes. My calendar is packed for January because they demand memes. I need more abundant resources for a better harvest.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): We can spend all day chatting about people whose job is to smell stuff.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): shoulda been on this flight
Bill: Ye!
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Dootw to Phil
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it departs at exactle the right time
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): So early in the morning
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo i think you had it right the first time with the second flight?
Bill: nope.
Bill: She edited the original.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oooo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nvm
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): No mistakes you have no proof
Bill: https://petapixel.com/2019/01/09/new-kgb-spy-museum-in-nyc-features-huge-collection-of-soviet-spy-cameras/ <@!350855105123319808>
Tikur (Kurtis): I love it
Bill: Seems like a you thing.
Bill: Food tastes *really* good when you haven't eaten anything in 24 hours.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Mood
デイブ: ☝
Bill: I've had four cups of tea today and I'm yawning.
Bill: ~~herbal non caffeinated tea but~~
Bill: I have acquired green tea with caffeine from another floor.
Bill: Now I must wait for it to cool.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): coffee
Bill: I'm kinda... done with coffee?
Bill: I just prefer tea now.
Bill: I always sweeten the coffee to death anyway.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cooofffffeeeeeeee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hey biru did you know you were a judge in the 1920's?
Bill: Nope!
Bill: ~~is that one of those books about equality where the racist judge causes all sorts of problems?~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this is non-fiction
Bill: ~~that could still be a non fiction story~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh yea, thats not what i meant
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): there is sexism though! whoooo
