Nokri (Marisa): Opens the cabinet to look for vegetables and finds a single copy of Pokémon pinball for the gameboy
Nokri (Marisa): Throws it in a pot
Aldus Larian (Jess): healthy!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We made it to Cincinnati
Bill: I feel like I need to go out of state tomorrow just to be one of the cool kids.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Whatever you do dont go to new mexico
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Theres a reason breaking bad took place here. Oof.  Nothing here I can see why meth would be a big thing
Bill: The midwest is rather barren.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It's pretty cool for like the first hour
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Like ....5 hours in and I'm in Santa fe
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And Santa fe is like .... a suburb in nj
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Not a city
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We drove through a shit ton of pouring rain squalls, like limited visibility. Lots of flat open farm land. Was half expecting a tornado to drop on us lol
Kaio Vermino (Lee): YO RIGHT?!? SAME HERE
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn stay safe yall
Aldus Larian (Jess): come home alive <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): We will try!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): An attempt will be made <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Oh spiderverse is so good.
Nokri (Marisa): take a coupon, babes
Aldus Larian (Jess): thanks!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Cinci has a cool little speakeasy disguised as a video rental store
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sweeet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): To get in, you have to guess what movie the quote the cute door girl gives you
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Then you have to find the vhs of that movie on the shelf and when you pick it up it opens a secret door
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I got this drink and it's really good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): They also have a shot wheel where the bartender sounds a wheel and whatever it lands on is what shot you get
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Mine had sour apple pucker, vodka, pineapple juice and grenadine. Very good
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg I'd never get in 😂 that all sounds amazing and that drink looks like heaven.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Luckily Joey knew that tonight's quote was from Crocodile Dundee
Aldus Larian (Jess): Bless him
Aldus Larian (Jess): What's it called?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The Video Archive
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Glonk: that's cool
El🆓de Faun (Tom): ill take 5 coupons
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): This was a good breakfast
Bill: my room and car have been a mess for over a week and the executive disfunction I've got going on in regards to cleaning them is incredible
Nokri (Marisa): You should get a cactus
Aldus Larian (Jess): Is that a shot of maple syrup?
Bill: First thought was whiskey, probably apple juice.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's a shot of Jameson and butterscotch schnapps
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): With a shot of orange juice to chase it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The place has Jameson *on tap*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ommmgg 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sounds like your vacation is going well so fat
Nokri (Marisa): who is jameson and why is he on a tap
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): He's a well renowned tap dancer in Cincinnati
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): this website is trying to claim that 90% of the world's anime is on crunchyroll. yeah, right. give me a source for that because i'd be shocked if even 25% of all japanese anime was on crunchy.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It def isn't 😂 crunchy doesn't even have half the anime I wanna see
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's why I canceled it and have Funimation now
Nokri (Marisa): such is the way of war
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I saw Spider-Man far from home yesterday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m glad every shirt Peter Parker wore is something I own or have owned
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I like his style
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh wow lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): over 99 billion is a lot
Nokri (Marisa): they're currently over their 300 billionth burger
Nokri (Marisa): that's a lot of burgers
Nokri (Marisa): there are 100 billion cells in a human brain
over three times that number of McDonalds™ Burgers have been sold

mcdonalds is too woke. their brainpower is too strong.
Bill: 
Bill: Started into my closet. Flashbacks anyone?
Bill: ~~how lame would it be to wear that as a masters graduate~~
Nokri (Marisa): is that a cosplay
Bill: No it's my shirt from student council in High School.
Bill: Not when I was president, when I was PR. ~~lol me PR~~
Bill: I wonder if people ever considered mirror placement in stores for making better sales. In the same way a photo from a taller eye level is thinning, your reflection could be different based on where the mirror is.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mirrors is stores are often bowed in ever so slightly to make you aorar thinner
Nokri (Marisa): Pretty much all mirrors are strategically placed in shops
Bill: Makes perfect sense.
