Bill: I need coffee.
Glonk: I need sleep
Bill: That too.
Bill: I need someone at work to fuck up, I wanna like. chew someone’s head off for something.
Bill: Which is weird ass mood 8 of the week.
Bill: *I need a snickers that’s what*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): sheesh moodswings?
Bill: I’m totally sane and put together whatcha talking about.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Oh wow I just saw the “goes to the gym” version of Nick LaPosta.
Bill: I'd rather be outsane anyway.
Bill: He's not actually dead right?
Bill: There's a timberlands two blocks from penn, and I'm already going to be up by Penn for B&H tonight.
Bill: I guess I have no excuse.
Tikur (Kurtis): There's no coffee at the office 😭😭😭 we all so goshdanged tired
Bill: oof
Bill: OOF
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ooooog
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i'll mentally transfer the coffee i was given this morning that i don't want to you
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 🙌
Tikur (Kurtis): Bless 🤙🤙
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): are you feeling it now mr krabs
Tikur (Kurtis): Oh yeah ☕
Tikur (Kurtis): Plus as an added bonus we just doordashed some Starbucks
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): woah, millionaires i see
Bill: oh I like the Denville starbucks.
Tikur (Kurtis): Expense but worth cause coffee
Nokri (Marisa): I opened the door to get a package. It smells so fresh outside
Bill: Absorb some sunlight.
Bill: https://giphy.com/gifs/studiosoriginals-3oz8xxsp7ryA3iXpvO
Nokri (Marisa): I got a hacksaw how nostalgic
Nokri (Marisa): Why would I need sunlight there’s light in some parts of the house
Bill: it's supposed to be healthy for you
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It does smell fresh!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~thats pollen~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ahhhhh
Nokri (Marisa): Aaaaah
Bill: Aaahhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aaahhhhh
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): aaaahhhh
Bill: Ah. Since I almost clicked Leanna’s spoiler in BNE for it, Detective Pikachu tomorrow night @everyone anyone?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think I’m still getting situated at home and taking time to make repairs to Pyrrha for shooting
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tho I wanna see pikachu, next week is better for me
Bill: I kinda figured the local crew but if you wanna come out this way.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have plans tomorrow night
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg I showered and did my nails and put make up on
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m a human again
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): No longer a school gremlin
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: You weren’t before when you were sending selfies?
Bill: <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: I need a douchebag jar like Schmitt man.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wut selfies
Bill: Snapchat filters.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ya no make up
Nokri (Marisa): Filters make people look awesome without makeup they’re truly great technology
Bill: I wasn’t chalking it to the filters, but it was a look.
Nokri (Marisa): Dude Georgia was a good look ya
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I wouldn’t have dated male Georgia LOL
Bill: 🤦
Bill: Someone get a better emoji for that.
Bill: Kyon from Haruhi.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Male georgia looked more beefcake than tree boi
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Male georgia would be SWOL 💪
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~and that doesn’t even take into account that I probably wouldn’t date my own personality ahaaa~~
Nokri (Marisa): He’d be the guy people would go to if they wanted to chuck a rocket into space. He could just toss it through the atmosphere at 17k mph
Bill: In not this news.
Bill: Timberlands sorted out. Going to order them so I don’t have to carry them around the city.
Nokri (Marisa): I heard that male Georgia is shredded. That male Georgia has an 8 pack
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Male georgia would be a cool ass male Pyrrha
Nokri (Marisa): If I were a dude I would absolute hate myself though so I can see why you wouldn’t date dudeorgia <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): Now we have to keep an eye out at cons for our genderbent dopplegangers tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): I just look like my brother sooo....
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Or maybe male Georgia would be a Jaune because genderbends don’t get as much love
Nokri (Marisa): The ultimate Tru Bro™ alignment could be obtained
Nokri (Marisa): I could see that. Jaune and Pyrrha have really different personalities though so if your personality was the same maybe you’d cosplay someone from SSSN or Ren or such
Nokri (Marisa): Probably not Ren. But Roman possibly? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): *mercury*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Neptune?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dead Pyrrha jokes translate to Neptune water jokes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Whoever is the male fan favorite lol
Nokri (Marisa): I was looking up popular rwby characters and found this which has nothing to do with the convo but it’s compelling me to share
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Fear
Bill: That filter was nothing but uncomfortable.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I thought it was cool
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s what I could’ve been whoaaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): It made all the guys good looking and all the girls into chads
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Though I think I’d be more twinky
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like I’d look like Ryan without the abs or fabulousness
Nokri (Marisa): I think you’re on to something there
Nokri (Marisa): If I was a dude would I have long or short hair <:thinku:543194478614413318> id probably have a military style buzz
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What does bangs translate to on bois
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo this is a good possibility
Nokri (Marisa): Alternating between buzz cut and growing it out to that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YE DAT MALERISA HAIR
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What male georgia
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Probably typical white boi hair
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _with the gel_
Nokri (Marisa): <:minathink:544567715931750405> 
Omg gel it back retro style
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh like will, whitefangcosplay, his hair 👌
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): GREASER GEORGIA
Nokri (Marisa): We can always tell when you’re near if we hear finger snapping and engine revving
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I agonized about what is the typical white boi haircut that male Georgia would have
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _found it, thank you captain America_
