N🆗ri (Marisa): hey tumblr how about *no* and *why in the world would i ever do that*
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’ve made 50 Irish potatoes and there’s still more filling in the bowl help
Bill: NICU
Bill: That’s actual foods right.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yeah it’s cream cheese, butter, cinnamon, and four cups of sugar
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Bill: GOOD FOOD
Bill: Keep cooking.
N🆗ri (Marisa): You can only eat like two a day or you die because they so sugary
This is my food for the year
Bill: If you eat two a day I’ll never have to order dominos again.
Bill: Fuck you nose stop bleeding.
Bill: All I remember about my dreaming was a McDonald’s you dumb fuck.
Bill: If you waking my ass up in the middle of the night, it better be because of A grade A fantasy worthy of an anime nosebleed nose. I know it hard to imagine. Hell, impossible! But thems the terms.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Wooo McDonald's!
Bill: Fuck the McDonald’s.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can't stop chuckling at the stupid photo I just posted xD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I made sure to tag the photographer so he has that on his profile now
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LmaO dude hunter told me not to tag him in the dungeon bee pic
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but now i want to
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): omg
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): since he made a big stink about tagging your photogs
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LmAO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): add to his portfolio
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, I'll do it for him going forward but I'm not going back through older posts to tag him
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea i'll do it going forward.... but part of me wants to be petty and tag him in the ones he doesnt want to be associated with
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it would be funny 😂
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): >.> i'm ..gonna do it
Bill: Snrk.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the deed has been done
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): now i wait for his response
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I mean, you can deselect it to show up on your profile if you go to the post options...
Elfriede Faun (Tom): DO IT YESSSS
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): hes still gonna yell at me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i know it
Tikur (Kurtis): * sips tea aggressively * 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Saving this screenshot
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): wheres the picture of that teacup from the antique store that just looked like it was up to something
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): YES
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LmAO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): when he yells at you, just send that as your response
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): IM GOING TO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): djfsdajfhasjklhf
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Then if he says that's not funny add that red eye effect
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The one from the dank memes
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO YES
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): JUST TO ONE EYE
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): who is able to edit that
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): because i need that for meme purposes
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Tikur (Kurtis): Like so?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): no like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Tikur (Kurtis): https://media.tenor.com/images/55aa7a6ed1b5886cf354833032cb7730/tenor.gif
Tikur (Kurtis): Damn
Bill: So, tangentally... I was listening to an audiobook yesterday with some interesting research. Seeing your friends once a week is as healthy for you as quitting smoking, for one. But also something called *Common Enemy Intimacy* which is friendships build around gossiping on others... tldr they're designed to fail when you stop talking shit. Spooked me a bit. I don't believe anyone of our bonds are like that, but I'd also never want them to become that way.
Bill: Much spook.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Silly billiam
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s always people to talk shit about :V
Bill: Yes there is, but if talking shit about people is the *only* aspect of a friendship, it's not a friendship at all.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so what you're saying is, we all need to get together once a week
Bill: pfft I've been trying to make that a thing for 2 years, people get tired of me inviting them to things.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): we need to all live in one building so we can do that
Bill: That's crazy talk.
Bill: Same complex.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats what i mean
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): rip
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): seriously
Bill: Ye but the common enemy intimacy thing was like... if we all stopped talking smack about Hal/Hunter/Ethan and then realized. There's nothing else we would talk about. Like I said, not reality here but a scary concept.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~like a dorm~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Pfft nah look we just talked about memeing a cup
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah that's not a great friendship to build upon
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We’re fine
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the real common enemy is adulting
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And that wilL ALWAYS EXIST
Bill: (The alternative is to share joyful/painful experiences which remind you of your innate human connections but that gets into the rest of the book and you can read it yourself)
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive been doing that all week so im good <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <@334090409389195266>  YASSS
Bill: Course your good, I'm not callin anyone out. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: I just like the psychology crap.
Bill: ngl If I could do some of the research this woman does, I'd drop CS. It's neat stuff.
Aldus Larian (Jess): if I thought i could find a career in id go for it tbh but i know so many people with psych degrees that they never used
Bill: She just impresses me particularly.
Bill: Very down to earth.
Bill: Like, she told a story about presenting at a conference that asked her to wear business attire and backstage she said 'I can't give a lecture about being true to your values while not doing it myself' so she changed into her street clothes in the bathroom, which was like a t shirt, jeans, and clogs.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): clogs?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~as in Croc clogs?~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: No idea. She baller tho.
Bill: How often am I shown offline?
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Hey friends, I'm thinking about going to the pride parade in NYC this year. Anyone interested in coming? It's on June 30th. 🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yes
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i'm so down
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> ^ You should do that.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~allies are welcome too even if you not lgbt~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): also yes mawisa join usssssssssss
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m gonna get a meme that says “yes but idk cause internship”
Bill: Were any of your internships even in this area?
N🆗ri (Marisa): I hope it’s like Tokyo pride and they talk about how Lebanon is an LGBTQA paradise
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!351471675843411978> Pooja from Amazon said I can keep the dress shoes so <@!351785752197201920> do you want two brand new pairs of black dress shoes? xD
Bill: ~~you are learning Jess is correct tag~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye but if I get none of the internships then I’m getting research at Rutgers hopefully
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): In which case I’m in the area
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And able to go to GAY CON
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i mentioned it to him the other day and he was like "coo"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): coo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I bring to Zenkai
Bill: I shall bring hoodie as well.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sweet
Aldus Larian (Jess): ironically this is the only time tom hasnt needed dress shoes for a cosplay in awhile
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH WAIT he might need them for tamaki
Bill: Boi I wish I could grow more than a neckbeard.
N🆗ri (Marisa): wouldn't tamaki have generic school shoes? or slippers for inside of school but outside of school <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
yeah hey why do schools have uniform regulations for their shoes if the kids don't wear the shoes in the school building. maintain image?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but shoes are expensive and dress shoes pass as school uniform shoes
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WOO FREE STUFF
Elfriede Faun (Tom): THANKS
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@!386874959009415170>  will u bring shoes to zenkai? 😮
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ye
Elfriede Faun (Tom): He said he will ueee
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye ok coo sorry u have moosh brain
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I physically cannot do work right now because everyone is in a company meeting
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I just... sit...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _it feels wrong tho cause I’m on the clock_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Welcome to my life daily 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): ☝
Bill: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I don’t feel guilty tho.
N🆗ri (Marisa): when i'm not given work at work i feel sin
N🆗ri (Marisa): extreme sin
Aldus Larian (Jess): how is it only 12:30
Bill: I don’t knowwww
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): uuuuggghhhh
Tikur (Kurtis): I'm rocking back and forth at work from boredom
Bill: Wow totally different conversation about kids in the office than when we talk about it.
Bill: 30 year old perspective be different.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): About kids?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ooh yeah moosh brain
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Me too
Bill: So Chris is like 'ugh kids, my friends have em and they interupt guys night all the time' but also 'will probably have kids'.
Japneet is 30 (totally thought she was younger) and mostly worried about the biological clock even if she wants more time to just be married (got married last year)
And Jing is the mother of a three year old and is like 'don't have kids, they terrible.'
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean that doesnt sound too different from what i say?
Bill: which is pretty different.
Bill: The trend was more towards kids than against though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): in this group yea
Aldus Larian (Jess): but not our age group as a whole
Aldus Larian (Jess): well... actually idk
Aldus Larian (Jess): more people our generation are deciding not to have kids than before buts still generally in favor for having them at some point
Bill: against is anyone our age group I've talked to about it. Not something I bring up much, cause *girlfriend first plz thank* but I know like Jen ain't about it either.
Aldus Larian (Jess): when do i get to be a dad?
Bill: Ha. Mood.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): being an almost step-dad was neat (even if stressful at times) but there's little things that make it enjoyable like when they say goofy things
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): one of my Facebook memories popped up either today or yesterday when my ex's kid said "You should make earrings for dinner"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and we were like, "Uuuuhhh.....okay?"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and he was like "You know, those earrings that you eat!"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "Oh, *onion rings*!"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "YEAH!"
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea kids can be cute and i know everyone says its *worth it* in the end but being a mom sounds like absolute hell
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): He was a good kid. ADD as fuck which got to be stressful because he just never would listen because he got so easily distracted
Bill: Ye. I mean, putting aside my inability to find anyone actually *attracted* to me, I can't imagining thinking about it yet. Still feels early.
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe when im done wanting to feel like my time, mind, and body belong to me ill change my mind
Bill: you know no one is trying to convince you right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ya?
Bill: mmkay. I just read that message defensively.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no
Bill: I gotchu. 👍
Aldus Larian (Jess): the concept of being a mother scares the bejeezies out me is all
Bill: lol I'd say any sane person would be terrified of parenting.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but I think im a little irrationally afraid of it
Bill: Ah really?
Bill: I mean, you'd be justified after yesterday.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yikes kids
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i like other peoples kids....when they not annoying...but do not want my own. too much responsibility for another persons life. my parents fucked me up enough already, dont wanna do that to another human
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): especially when im still working every day to undo the shit they did to me
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats completely valid
Aldus Larian (Jess): (that heart is in support of you not saying like "oh yea i love that")
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LOVE that, want that for myself
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 😬
Bill: ~~(Mines totally in support of shit)~~
Bill: 😛
Aldus Larian (Jess): savage
Bill: *I'm joking* come on I'm hella supportive of everyone.
Aldus Larian (Jess): well i obviously know you're joking
Bill: I dunno that book yesterday also said that snark doesn't make for friendship and I was like *oh okay I guess I'll die*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Tsunderes don't work in real life cuz they'd have no friends <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: I mean, I ain't trying.
Aldus Larian (Jess): The lady at stop and shop said I was pretty 😭
Bill: 👌
Bill: Checks out.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea it was while I was checking out!
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~also thanks~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Checkin you our while checking you out
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YOU ARE
Bill: man shocker, never thought TOM thought you were pretty. :3
Bill: Oh they released a new ipad mini.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa! 😮 Guys Tom thinks I pretty!
Dizzy: https://i.imgur.com/55sx3FG.png
Bill: !tsun
N🆗ri (Marisa): omg do you think he likes you!? Hehehe omg
N🆗ri (Marisa): Let’s go to the bathroom in a big group to gossip about it
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooooo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Tom's got a crush on Jess!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): TOM AND JESS SITTIN IN A TREE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): K I S S I N G
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ew gross
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): affection
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): K-I-S-S-I-S-S-I-P-P-I
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://i.redd.it/y3xkqloqehyy.jpg
