Bill: Social anxiety inducing phone call in 3...
Bill: 2...
Bill: 1...
Bill: GO GOGOGOG
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: FUCK YES answering machine!
Aldus Larian (Jess): WhOOoooOo
Bill: Phew I’ve been blowing that call off for weeks.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who is itttt
Bill: A girl from my parents church who also lives in my complex. We put her down as the referral, so she’s supposed to get 200 bucks off her rent this month. I called to thank her for telling us about the apartments when I was deciding, and make sure she knew to check for that 200 off.
Bill: *Buuuutttttt* I barely know her and calling *friends* is weird so having to call her was oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): O yea
Bill: Obligation fulfilled thanks to answering machines yeeeeetttttttt
Aldus Larian (Jess): People still have answering machines
Bill: I mean, voicemail. Same thing, technically
Bill: aww. I plugged in my chromecast for the first time in years, it's set up to show photos from my flickr albums.
Bill: What a dork I am.
Nokri (Marisa): What’s a chrome cast google is so vague
Bill: a dongle you plug into the TV you can stream stuff to.
Nokri (Marisa): o like an Xbox
Bill: basically. Chromecasts are (were?) 30 bucks though and get controlled via a phone/computer rather than a controller
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA I has one it's great. Super portable
Bill: Hedge your bets on my commute!
Bill: 31 minute delay woo
Bill: Currently says 9:30, wouldn’t be surprised to see 10 as the arrival time. I LOVE back to school
Bill: This traffic is almost bad enough I wanna pull out my laptop and start writing fanfic.
Bill: I need a distraction.
Aldus Larian (Jess): im pretty sure thats the last thing you are supposed to need while driving
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao
Bill: From my thoughts 😅 Cruise control in heavy traffic is not engaging enough to keep the mind from wanderin
Aldus Larian (Jess): listen to a podcast! or music
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEAH PODCAST TIME
Bill: I haven’t found a podcast I could get into since Jim Jefferies stopped his 🤔
Bill: Already have music on!
Bill: ~~I’ve listened to the three houses soundtrack on loop for the last week, have to be a few hundred plays in by now~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): music with words
Aldus Larian (Jess): in english
Aldus Larian (Jess): so you can follow the meaning of the song instead <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Traffics about to open I HOPE
Nokri (Marisa): Welcome to Night Vale owo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://open.spotify.com/episode/6v2I4K7xlb0A6lxjcqhFMO?si=nYBOOIhkTpGvRse4_sAWcg
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My friend Joey started a podcast o3o
Bill: Made it!
Bill: Crowded af today. Even the far lot is almost full. I wonder if some big shot is in town today
Bill: I wanna go to sleep
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oo same
Bill: allergies?
Bill: Cause my head's a mess man. Super foggy
Kaio Vermino (Lee): https://youtu.be/xmSbuKkAuSg
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh shit
Bill: Ring security kits are on sale. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07K1379PQ/?ascsubtag=28e6d4ff95042634306a8a004df68d377d1c7015&tag=kinjadeals-20&th=1
Bill: Which would be a good impulse buy but I'm really trying to not do that.
Bill: Why am I like, dying today.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): AAAAAAAHHHHH
Bill: I’m going to need a translation, I don’t speak modern art 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): bless thank you erik
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://hellamegatour.com/#presale
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): pre-sale Sept 16
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 10am if you pre-order any of their new albums 
11am if you join their mailing list
Bill: So not only old songs on tour, new music
Bill: Neat
Aldus Larian (Jess): IDK which one you'd guys wanna go to. I cant do Philly
Bill: Wow they picked bad locations for our group
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can do either Philly or Hershey
Bill: Hershey further than phili
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have a wedding
Aldus Larian (Jess): that im in lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hershes prob good? theres the one n the city too but ugh
Aldus Larian (Jess): also says more dates comming soon <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Bill: What day of the week is Hershey?
Aldus Larian (Jess): sunday
Bill: I could see about getting cheapish rooms at the Hershey lodge. I dunno if Saturday or Sunday night would be the plan, there’s no time for the show Sunday but I assume late.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea they're usually always later in the day
Bill: Would you take a day off for that?
Aldus Larian (Jess): on monday? yea prob
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh it's greenday
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I had to do some googling
Aldus Larian (Jess): and FOB and Weezer
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh wow
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats why were all freaking out XD
El🆓de Faun (Tom): The squad ™
Aldus Larian (Jess): would u be interested babe?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And the interrupters which idk if anyone but me likes
Aldus Larian (Jess): My friend Jenn is also interested
Kaio Vermino (Lee): My brother is too xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): oop better get ourself a bus
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao why is Steve carrel just there
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's just a scene with faces mapped on it right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): its a trip
El🆓de Faun (Tom): They just left Steve carrel tho lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was so distracted i forgot to eat lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I honestly will probably go to Philly with Joey, but if y'all go to Hershey I will 100% see them twice
El🆓de Faun (Tom): i could be persuaded to hit up hershey yes
El🆓de Faun (Tom): wonder what the price will look like
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea :/
El🆓de Faun (Tom): those are some big names
El🆓de Faun (Tom): that cant be cheap
El🆓de Faun (Tom): thisll sell out pretty quick too im thinking
Aldus Larian (Jess): im gonna extime 150
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Joey guesstimated about that much too. I think that's about what he paid to see the Rolling Stones
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm having a stroke yall. New music
Bill: Should I ask Mom to call the concierge and get prices for the Lodge? They might even shuttle us to the venue, we've had them do that for Hockey before. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): if you want i guess?
Bill: no dying Lee. Only dye-ing
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Too late I'm dead
Bill: It'd be nice for making a weekend of it, Hershey too far to drive back from after a late show.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): new Green Day album, new FOB Greatest Hits album, and judging by the cover Weezer Van Halen cover album?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Fob has a new song out
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Dear future self
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooh didn't see that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xtAYY04_p0
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm mixed on it, sounds like American beauty American psycho
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo i like
Kaio Vermino (Lee): My heart rate is crazy again heck
Bill: She'll check, It's probably going to be on the high side, cause summer, but def don't want to drive all the way back
Aldus Larian (Jess): doesnt hershey also have camping?
Bill: They do indeed. Somewhere.
Bill: I'm usually there in the winter so I dunno anything about it
Aldus Larian (Jess): 9 min drive from stadium
Aldus Larian (Jess): or 3 miles
Kaio Vermino (Lee): https://youtu.be/Rl-hSj3gnks
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Aldus Larian (Jess): FOB song ok, i like the new GD one better
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea the GD one is p great
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I also am really liking the weezer song
Aldus Larian (Jess): only thing that could make this better is MCR commin back XD
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Omg yes
Aldus Larian (Jess): imma do that one now
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea this slaps
Aldus Larian (Jess): Weezer 2001:I'm on an island in the sun
Weezer 2019:I'm on an island with no sun

tfw u can reference your own songs
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm so shook lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): this is a bit surreal ya'll
Kaio Vermino (Lee): IT IS
Aldus Larian (Jess): im kinda just sitting her like <:woah:543194447345876998>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *do I pre-order an album to get early pre-sale access*
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm prob preordering GD album tbh
Aldus Larian (Jess): would we have to order together to seated together?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it sucks because I don't use CDs anymore so like, I don't need it lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~can i preorder it on vinyl instead?~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you'd have to select seating with each other so would probably be better for someone to order at the same time and then everyone pays back
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~you can!~~
Bill: 358.69 for the Lodge. Maybe slightly better when she talks to the VIP person. That's 89 a person, four ways.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats what i was thinking but we wont know price until last min ahhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): we have 8 people interested i think tho
Bill: Two rooms then
Bill: And I pointed the show out to Katy too.
Bill: so maybe more, though I doubt we'd have a large enough group to get a price break... Otherwise can look into other options.
Bill: Getting the show tickets'll come first.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i was just about to say that
Bill: Just putting the info out there. Resume the freak outs 📑
Bill: What even *is* that emoji, it's not the 👌
Bill: oof, hopefully one person can order multiple tickets.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I read that as "*résumé* the freak outs"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because of the paper emoji
Bill: oof I forgot I have to teach someone some shit.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Fuck the new Weezer song is a bop
Bill: bbl
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hersey Camping Resort is same Company as Lodge and Hotel but i cant view prices at far in advance online
Aldus Larian (Jess): 2 night minimum tho
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Prob cheapest to get a cheap hotel
Aldus Larian (Jess): 159 for tent camping for 2 nights!  <:lenny:395307171539189760>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): that green day song  is dope
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): found an entire house on Airbnb that accommodates up to 10 people... total cost $480
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): for one niht
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh but that was saturday into sunday which I realize defeats the purpose
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sunday into Monday is $416
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6180201?toddlers=0&adults=8&check_in=2020-08-22&check_out=2020-08-23&previous_page_section_name=1000
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Aldus Larian (Jess): now das a deal
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Saturday into Monday is $778 and that's assuming 10 people.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the link has wrong dates slectes. hersey park date is Aug 16
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): DRY HEAVING
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My body was not ready
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Guess I know what song I’m playin on repeat at the gym later
Aldus Larian (Jess): when somethings a year away and u already stressing <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): When do tickets drop?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): pre-sale on the 16th
Aldus Larian (Jess): uh officially the 20th, presale the 16th at noon, or 10am if u pre order an album? is that right?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 10am if you pre-order any of their new albums
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 11am if you subscribe to any of their mailing lists
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): general public on the 20th
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, fixed the dates for the AirBnb. $841 for 10 people Saturday into Monday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which location we goin with fam
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think we're thinking Hershey? I can't do philly and the city is meh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m good with Hershey ye
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ~~its like 3 days from my birthday, we can have a birthday cake or something at  wherever we end up staying xD~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): YES
Aldus Larian (Jess): if you guys do the whole weekend idk if id be able to along with tom and my friend, my friend has a baby so she really cant be gone for two nights ~~if she can even afford the ticket/on night~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): just as a heads up
Bill: Lets focus on getting the tickets together for now, and finding out exactly how many people are going.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ^ ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i know i just wanted to mention it
Bill: 🙂
Dizzy: You should choose hack the current functionality to change less code but create infernal regular expressions to do it
Bill: !choose expand the functionality of the string filter capsule properly to include a keep/remove matching rows field, hack the current functionality to change less code but create infernal regular expressions to do it
Dizzy: You should choose quit your job
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): !choose quit your job, suffer for eternity
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: you gotta do it now
Kaio Vermino (Lee): NO, not yet
Kaio Vermino (Lee): gotta buy hella mega tickets first
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ☝
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Fun fact I learned today, if the federal budget was one dollar, NASA would get half a cent
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also we pay the Russians 80 million dollars per seat to take our astronauts to the space station
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOO ok tiny self brag moment, ive been working out more lately and got my body into the "fit" category for fat percentage which was surprising but im kinda proud
Bill: Woo!
Bill: I live vicariously through your success 🙏🏻
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YA JESS KILL IT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I ran three miles yesterday (fueled by anxiety about failing at nasa probably) SO I ASPIRE TO YOUR SUCCESS
Aldus Larian (Jess): thank!
Aldus Larian (Jess): one of my bosses 2 kids are here and this is the most excitement ive seen here in years
Nokri (Marisa): new boss new boss!
Aldus Larian (Jess): one of them threw a golf ball at me
Nokri (Marisa): that's when you use their head as a golf ball. the war is on.
Aldus Larian (Jess): luckily hes only a year and half old and it didnt make it anywhere near me
Nokri (Marisa): lol what a nerd, can't even golf properly
Bill: Katy’s interested in hella mega too.
