Nokri (Marisa): omg bill you're really outdone yourself. this is your magnum opus
https://www.flickr.com/photos/thelittlethingswemiss/48236816282/in/album-72157709524521352/
Aldus Larian (Jess): That pic just killed me.沽
Bill: Woooo commissioned Sherwood and Sona from dat artist I like ~~for half the price of the one Sherwood commission I already got~~.
Andrew: <@!184437198865563648> we watched that movie together lol And thats one of my favorite Scooby Doos
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I thought I had an account but I can figure out the info
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I must see that picture of Kurtis and Erik again
Bill: Fuck. I didn't save the password manager on my laptop at home.
Bill: I don't have the flickr password on my work machine.
Bill: stupid thing forcing me to stop using a yahoo login.
Bill: Discord has custom statuses now.
Bill: But. Only on BNE?
Bill: Weird.
Bill: 
Bill: 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): OwO
Nokri (Marisa): OwO
Bill: I want it on Aurii. =T
Nokri (Marisa): enable experiments in settings and we might get it, says the internet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Is "Custom Status" the hot new game the kids are playing these days?
Nokri (Marisa): fiddlesticks
Nokri (Marisa): oh it's showing up in this server?? :0
Nokri (Marisa): woah
Aldus Larian (Jess): not for me D:
Nokri (Marisa): im gonna reread this disaster textbook again
it's easy enough that i can read it while sewing or attempting to exercise, interesting enough that i won't get bored, and also bojo wants me to go for a job in disaster preparation after i absolutely tore into the office's disaster preparedness plan for our community. it was awful.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): GIID
Nokri (Marisa): the only good thing they had going was a deal with a local hospital which, in the case of an energy like a multi-day blackout (which happened a couple of years ago, we lost power for like a week), they would send a team of nurses over to provide medicine and medical equipment for anyone who needed it and couldn't leave their house (like heart monitors or things that require electricity to charge that wouldn't be available during a blackout).

they set the office as a shelter for those instances but they don't have a generator or any sort of cooling plan should the power go off during the summer. they have a very basic first aid kit there but no blankets or any way to get info out in an easy manner and TLDR IT SUCKED AND ONLY REALLY 'PREPARED' FOR A LONG TERM BLACKOUT
Nokri (Marisa): UGUU
Nokri (Marisa): Not even a hierarchy of who窶囘 be in charge smh that窶冱 how we get big fighting
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Ooof yeah that's important
Tikur (Kurtis): Did not expect to see this boi in Parsippany
Bill: Ooooh, you'd be good at that Mawisa.
Aldus Larian (Jess): him far from home
Bill: You're really aware of things so you'd think ahead.
Nokri (Marisa): kurtis what did you do to warrant that cop and ambulance
Nokri (Marisa): i'm so aware that in high school it took me like 6 months to realize the girl next to me in english who i was good friends with and the girl next to me in gym who i spoke to every day was the same person
Bill: that you!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Police: Far from home
Andrew: Off today but hurt my knee yesterday so im stuck inside
Bill: oof
Andrew: very bored
Andrew: *i could work on my costumes or learn to sew*
Bill: but?
Andrew: diod you not see the meme i shared
Bill: which?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Learn to sew
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It's super intimidating but as long as your machine functions it's not too bad
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Just use a pattern is my big recommendation esp for beginners like us
Andrew: 
Bill: accurate.
Andrew: oh tom youre learning too?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I sewed briefly in middle school but my first project I sewed since was my leo jacket
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And boi was that a time
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And small stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah sewing machines, as long as they are running properly, are pretty easy to use! Only really need straight stitches or zigzag stitches for basic stuff
Andrew: Ive got a machine, still need to set it up and try it out.
Bill: > Me: I should save money
> also me: The artist I got sherwood from the last time reopened commissions and I should pay for him to do Sona
Bill: https://twocents.lifehacker.com/how-to-choose-a-secured-credit-card-1836196338 <-- if anyone needs a way to build some credit.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): <@141729881779077121>  of you have any questions i can help with the basics
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And Maris I'm sure knows the more complex bits
Andrew: Thank you in advance
Nokri (Marisa): What窶冱 a sew
El氣電e Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): why can't we dress like anime characters every day
El氣電e Faun (Tom): True
