N🆗ri (Marisa): wow bts is at the grammys
Dirty Lego (Tom): wow really
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye i think they preformed but they didn't win anything
Dirty Lego (Tom): they did do that pairing with nikki minaj
N🆗ri (Marisa): BTS did? :0
I know she ask did a collab with Hatsune Miku
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yeah she has a part in one of those songs
Dirty Lego (Tom): https://youtu.be/K1scjjbfNsk
Bill: Adaptive cruise control is AMAZING.
Bill: Car will correct direction if you slide out of lane with out turn signal. Did not know it does that. I thought the wheel gets some extra resistance, but it’s actually turning.
Bill: Not sure if it’s only during cruise tho.
Bill: I don’t trust that much so I’ll google it later.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Oh no Casey was in a car accident?
Bill: This ride is so much nicer in the forester~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeahhhh she was
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no! is she ok?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah! The cars more likely than not totaled tho
Dirty Lego (Tom): Poof..
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no 😭  do they have insurance?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I think so? Ethan didn’t say much
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He just opened a go fund me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): With very little information, which is why I’m so skeptical
N🆗ri (Marisa): That’s gonna delay the wedding a bit yikes
Bill: oof. Hope she's already.
Bill: Speaking of tho.
Bill: Apparently Leanna was asked to be maid of honor.
Bill: So. Ethan is clearly involved in the selection process.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): havent they only known leanna like a year?
Bill: something like that.
Bill: Leanna uncomfortable with the idea.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Not to be assumptive but I’ve known Casey like 5 years .-.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Double bonus to being a good planner
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yeaaaaaa
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): did they even ask you to be in it Georgia?
Bill: Bridesmaid.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ^^
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): RIGHT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): sorry ive been hearing abou like 3 different people wedding in 3 days and my brain is confuse
Bill: It makes far more sense for you to be her maid of honor, I'm sure Ethan still salty about the whole business thing and he's pushing Casey.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats such bs....
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): the bridesmaids are me, leanna, two of caseys high school friends, and her sister
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Honestly Leanna is prob the least expected
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right?!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like my maid of honor was my best friend since 5th grade, toms best man was his brother
Bill: ~~Tom's best man was Jared~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i didnt even think her and casey were that close
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH FUCK
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i need more coffee
Bill: Leanna doesn't think so either, and also questions why it's not Georgia.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): toms best man was his best friend since 7th? grade**
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea ethan has his sticky fingers in there
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m wondering why ethan would want that tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): no. friggen. clue.
N🆗ri (Marisa): manipulative
Bill: Yup.
Bill: Especially if she told him that you talked to her about should she really move down there.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~there are too many weddings happening that i dont support the marriage and am scare about~~ <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
N🆗ri (Marisa): my cousin tried to kidnap her niece after her brother's wedding the other day
Bill: He likely wants to keep you out of things.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WAT
Bill: Leanna's leaning refusal as far as I can tell tho.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i can post about that in tea so it doesn't interfere with the good tea in here
Dirty Lego (Tom): 9th grade <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what is wrong with me today?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): damn dont ask me shit
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Fuckin Ethan
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And he asked me to plan their welcome back party
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao what
Bill: ,... from? He's not giving up on Texas is he.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): They’re visiting
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that.... doesn't constitute a welcome back party
Bill: *He doesn't need a fucking party for that*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): does we want a going away party at te end of the visit too?
Bill: ~~I'd rather celebrate him leaving than him coming back~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And he asked ME to throw it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I didn’t volunteer
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats so rude
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like you dont ask someone to throw a party
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my friends mom did that to me with her baby shower, publically, on facebook, and i was so pissed
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Even Leanna’s confused
Bill: Tell him no.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): when are they visting?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 4/20
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LOL
Bill: *of course*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Man I feel like I’m being entitled
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But like, I’ve known Casey 5 years
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Heck I went on vacation with just them two for a whole week
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Id feel the same way though
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe the think you dont support their marriage, and thinks you shouldnt be maid of honor cuz of that?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but under that logic you shouldnt be in it at all
N🆗ri (Marisa): will it be in jersey or texas?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Texas
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats gonna be so tough
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah because isn't literally everyone in jersey
N🆗ri (Marisa): unless their family is in texas
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think some of ethans fam is down there?
N🆗ri (Marisa): poor casey
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oh but he wants caseys bachelorette party in jersey
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): HE? WANTS?
N🆗ri (Marisa): why does he have any say in what happens at the yeah
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEAH
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im assuming she wants it here too cuz her friends are here
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~i dont like this at all~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): he can be the bachelorette if he decides where the party is and casey can be thrown a bachelor party
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont even wanna KNOW what ethan wants for his bachelor party
Bill: He's a controlling dick. #adamincel
Bill: We knew that though, Georgia told Casey, and Casey doesn't care. So that's either stockholm syndrome, or she just? doesn't care?
Dirty Lego (Tom): So for new emoji
Dirty Lego (Tom): I can't figure out how to make one but
Dirty Lego (Tom): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao where did you find this?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yesssss
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we have so amny pink emojis
N🆗ri (Marisa): where's the afternoon tea
Bill: I’m so fried and it’s only 1. I still have 3 meetings, 2 of which require me to be intelligent during.
N🆗ri (Marisa): start some drama to wake yourself up then tell us about it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's the sound someone will make if you get up and punch them
Bill: At least the lunch meeting ended before lunch stopped being served.
Bill: Also no more drama. I’m tired of drama. How about happiness?
Bill: ~~I know that uncharacteristic and unattainable But~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): hha hapu??? Happy????
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh happy news i found my rune factory 4 cartridge
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): happy... happy...? uhhhh I ate donuts yesterday and only gained a pound. My boss hasnt bothered me yet today. uhhhh
N🆗ri (Marisa): that pound isn't permanent tho right it disappears after u get rid of the donuts in your system right
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ussually by like 2 days later if i dont continue the bad eats
N🆗ri (Marisa): what
how easy is it to gain weight
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i gained like 8 pounds over Christmas time cuz so many parties
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): for me? pretty easy
N🆗ri (Marisa): someone save jess
N🆗ri (Marisa): share my metabolism with me
N🆗ri (Marisa): the other day i singehandedly ate a whole bag of hershey kisses, 4 tiny heart shaped cakes, some chocolate granola bars and like 1/4 a tub of ice cream
Bill: *I have nothing to share*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats why im generaly pretty careful with what i eat. although my body does kind of natually settle at a certain weight that i can mantain somewhat easily
N🆗ri (Marisa): shocking
N🆗ri (Marisa): i await the day i keel over of heart disease
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea its cray, the weight my body settles at is just slightly higher than id like so i gotta make efforts. i used to be stuck at 30lbs heavier than this tho so at least is better
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): being on the shorter side makes me weight show alot too
N🆗ri (Marisa): i think all my weight goes to my thighs
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i hold some there too, i used to hate it but im coo with it now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): woman are supposed to have bigger thighs tho so dont think is a bad thing
N🆗ri (Marisa): we were joking at the wedding that some relatives have weight that goes right to their chest and holly told me my sister used to have a nonexistant chest when she was my age but now it's huge and i'm like "pls just let me eat this eclair in peace"
N🆗ri (Marisa): watermelon crushers
N🆗ri (Marisa): the proper term for thighs
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOA when i lost weight it came from my boobs first, not alot but i was like "NO NOT THERE"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like it wasnt enough to move me a whole cupsize but they are a bit smaller
N🆗ri (Marisa): o oh i was imagining like a balloon deflation
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH NOOO
N🆗ri (Marisa): [mario shrinking noises]
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like i used to be like high C almost D now im like a low C
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but it ok cuz i dont hate my body anymore
N🆗ri (Marisa): like the fruit drink woah
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i also bloat alot? like if i eat a bagel i look like im 4 month pregnant cuz i have a lol extra skina nd my stomachs like "oh boy room to bloat"
N🆗ri (Marisa): we have to stop anna and her bagels
N🆗ri (Marisa): aaaaaa
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so before and at cons or in the summer i usually try not to eat anything that will bloat me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah everyone else can have bagels
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it fine
N🆗ri (Marisa): bagel solidarity tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah u has bagel
Bill: I ain’t eating them.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): me and biru will have bagel solidarity
N🆗ri (Marisa): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~ill just eat the creamcheese~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): best idea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH WAIT i forgot tom feed me mac and cheese last night too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he sabotage
N🆗ri (Marisa): good sabotage
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): on saturday tom and i were in taget and we went to go down an aisle and these two kids were making out
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it was the baby aisle?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like how ironic
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's when you start playing red rover
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i didnt go down the aisle cuz awkwar
N🆗ri (Marisa): you see two kids making out just scream "RED ROVER" and run at them
Bill: > meanwhile 
> only eating meat and cheese
> stomach is a complete wreck for the last few weeks
> barely losing weight
> eat carbs for one day at Hershey, lose two weeks of work
> <:hmmph:543192410402848769>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the struggle is real
Bill: And I spilled hot water on my hand 10 minutes ago.
Bill: *Im a success story*
N🆗ri (Marisa): you shouldn't avoid all carbs entirely because then you'll feel sour and moody and tired all the time, plus the instant you do eat carbs again yeah you'll gain all the weight back. carbs are necessary
N🆗ri (Marisa): unless a doctor/nutritionist recommended avoiding them then ye
Bill: I have a minimum amount, <5g in a given thing. But this is *literally* the only way I can *possibly* drop weight so hahaa
N🆗ri (Marisa): ok wew as long as u eat somethin for energy
N🆗ri (Marisa): try my high school's famous celery and hot sauce diet i'll let you guess what people eat for that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh damn sign me up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my friend lost weight by only eating one chocolate muffin anf a can of peach snapple everyday
N🆗ri (Marisa): ew snapple
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think im doing like 25 carbs a day rn and then seems to be working better for me than suuuuper low. plus my gummy vites are like 5 so
N🆗ri (Marisa): im hungry
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): have you eaten today?
Bill: I've been to nutritionists before. This was the most successful in the past.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I just ate a pack of raisins I think was in the cabinet for three years. They were very dry.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): D:
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what about the pocket canolis?
N🆗ri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~I'm not eating those at Katsu, you can eat them now~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): why the fuck does starbuck's new egg sups have 9 carbs? or 13 depending on which one you get
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its an egg and bacon, and cheese WHY IS THERE CARBS
Bill: Probably flour in the eggs.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): stupid!
Bill: ~~If tastes good or is convenient it has carbs~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah! lots of my favorite foods are low carb!
Bill: There's a girl in the CAO who took instagram fashion to heart. Thigh boots, checker pattern skirt, black sweater... very stylish.
N🆗ri (Marisa): whos gonna tell erik this is killing me
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oh goody I’m being contacted by slightly creepy photographer guy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHO
N🆗ri (Marisa): Zero Serenity
Flora trusts him and I’ve shot with him before so I’ll trust him
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): has he been creepy to u?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): or do you just get big vibes?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Borderline creep behavior and weird words here and there
N🆗ri (Marisa): He’s not even offering anything I don’t think, just saying hi. Ok hi.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: no shoot.
Bill: don't.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Too late he has my lineup from insta  I think he’s looking at it
N🆗ri (Marisa): I think he gave up I honestly have no idea what he’s doing
Bill: I'll tell him to fuck off too.
N🆗ri (Marisa): has my hair been like this all day
