Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): aww yiss i found a cartoon network livestream for the new SU episode
Bill: Boy it stupid easy to cancel a gym membership. Why it so hard to be motivated to go?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): exercise hard
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): everyone was expecting such a big emotional episode
and it was about watermelons
classic
Bill: Hmm. Crunch pricey.
Bill: Imma check out the one just past my house. It’s not literally on the way home, but it’s next best thing.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): walk there!
Bill: Just to get out of my development is a mile, this another 2 on top that.
Bill: Hmm. Rda even more pricy.
Bill: 30 a month, no buts.
Bill: But the place is empty and quiet and I kinda dig that?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 2 miles is what i walk to get to school you can do it!
Bill: ~~If it’s more expensive maybe the guilt trip to go will be stronger~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): trying to do something that requires visual precision upside down with glasses is a challenge
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): wait why am i doing this upside down i can just crouch
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): problem solving <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Does anyone actually listen to video stories.
Bill: Like really.
Bill: Especially when it’s a dozen in a row.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Only if it looks really funny
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i usually have my phone on mute and just breeze through them all
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): especially because i read stories in public places and can't turn sound on
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): so great that webtoons update 3 hours early now
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): remember when gum would get hard to chew after a few minutes
or when cupcake frosting would stick to the plastic unless you rubbed it against a table before opening the wrapper
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): yes'
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): This is gonna be so heavy uuuuu
Honestly going to leave a lot of clothes behind. Some doesn’t fit anymore or others I brought with me but barely wore, or some are so old they’re falling apart and I can’t fix them up anymore.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Manga, sewing books, and BoJo’s pikachu. That’s all I need. No clothes.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I bought those four today because I knew I was very low on space but bojo’s been stressed and upset recently and I hope they cheer her up
Bill: Oops. I listened to a gaming podcast, now I wanna buy another sourcebook.
Bill: It gots a big focus on narrative storytelling so helpful for Aurii and I’ll probably want to run it too. Fantasy tho.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): this bag says "for 2 to 4 garments" and i'm shoving my entire wardrobe in it
Bill: Oh wow Armonk is coated in mist.
Bill: Spook.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): scare
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): By the way here are the yaoi roulette cookies for Katsu
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): And assorted KitKats
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮😮😮😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Kit Kat 🙌
Bill: ~~why am I the only one in dress clothes today at Armonk~~
Bill: ~~I'd like to wear jeans kthx~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I cant wait to play Russian roulette
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Nonfear
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): No babe it's yaoi roulette not Russian
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yuri is a Russian name... Wait hold on
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I confused myself
Bill: *Russian Sushi yo*
Bill: *Umai yo*
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Lmao one of the chocolates is laced with TheBIGGAY
Bill: I want starbuckksssssss but I have them with toooo manyyy carbsssss
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What do you wanna get? 😮
Bill: The hot chocolates have like, 40 carbs and since I double sweeten the iced green tea that's about the same.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oof yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You could do stevia in green tea instead
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Green tea takes a lot more to get it sweet
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It's prob closer to 60
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But yeah like Jess said stevia is a good alternative
Bill: It's liquid sweetener rip
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Y'all just gotta give in to the bitter taste life <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I use Truvia in my hot teas, the iced teas have the liquid stuff.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You can ask for stevia intead of the liquid stuff tho
Bill: I find it doesn't dissolve...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Never had that problem but it's been a long time since I've sweetened iced tea
Bill: Also the starbucks in IBM is kinda crappy, so going off book is weird here.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’m headed to bed in a bit but heads up I may be rather quiet the next few days as I freak out and stress about moving again. 
Also we had to cancel our internet at home in the US because it expensive and we’re going to reactive it soon but currently the appointment is scheduled for a week after I get back so I might not have internet for a while unless we can get the appointment moved up. My phone’ll work though.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Wow there was just some kind of siren outside and it sounded absolutely horrifying
Bill: You gotta check in with us about when your flight status is though.
Bill: I wanna track your flight like a kid watching the santa tracker
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Ya I’ll try
I hear TSA is in a pinch now and I have a very short layover so I’ll be sprinting as fast as possible when I get to the US to make the connection.  I’ll send my flight numbers tomorrow when I print out all the info.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Get some popcorn ready
Bill: Already ready.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea TSA is like semi shutdiwn cuz they are a government entity <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): From what I read they’re considered essential personnel and still working, but they aren’t getting paid so a lot of them are calling out sick or protesting by not going to work
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Good times
Bill: how long has our government been shut down?
Bill: I um. Don't pay attention anymore.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Since December 22nd
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): They haven’t been getting paid since then and are overworked
Bill: So glad I didn't go into ASRC, they get all their work from the government.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 18 business days
Bill: wow this really is insane.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yup
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): There’s been a few gofundmes because people are unable to buy food or pay rent with no paychecks
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Apparently he is considering calling state if emergency today? Idk what's that's all about just something I read
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea it's fucked up
Bill: ,... *You'd think the other branches of government would I dunno, do something*
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): They can’t, that’s why the government shutdown <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~theres also apparently a go fund me for the wall~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yeah
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ugh
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): And flint still doesn’t have clean water
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YUP wow good job America
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Apparently we are still gonna get tax returns though so there's that
Bill: isn't that like, march?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean if you have your W-2 already you can file now
Bill: No idea.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They are due mid April but you can file in like Jan or feb
Bill: ~~I'll wait for Dad to do his first cause he got the software for it~~
Bill: speaking of tabletops I heard about and wanted to try, City of Mist has physical preorders again.
Bill: 40 bucks a book though?
Bill: *You aren't D&D, calm the fuck down*
Bill: *retail for 45 are you crazy*
Bill: https://www.evilhat.com/home/blades-in-the-dark/ This is apparently a hit right now.
Bill: This sounds like a good drunk night.
Tikur (Kurtis): This sounds fun af
Bill: Groan. So much for less Armonk.
