El氣電e Faun (Tom): There she be!
Nokri (Marisa): i already can't see what's in a tab without hovering over it
i guess i'll have to open a few new google chromes to catch up on all the manga i missed
Bill: Oh my god I wanna go on vacation at that house.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i hope they dont have neighbors
Bill: it's some kinda getaway in the show but.
Bill: Wouldn't that be nice?
Aldus Larian (Jess): not if theres neighbors
Aldus Larian (Jess): but if theres a hottub then ya
Bill: well, it's a getaway house so. Probably in the woods on it's own lot.
Aldus Larian (Jess): what show?
Bill: In the Dark.
Bill: The blind detective show from netflix I was watching the other week.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo is filmed in ontario
Bill: oops I forgot to join a meeting.
Aldus Larian (Jess): opps
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): pops
Bill: one two hours ago.
Andrew: apparently i won annother raffle on sakura sunday
Andrew: This time its with one of the sponsor companies they gave me a 3 nights paid trip to "anywhere"
Andrew: but i need to have an annual income of 50k or more
Bill: ,... that entire prize is bullshit then.
Bill: wtf.
Andrew: ya
Andrew: apparently they left "several messages" but i only saw one voicemail
Andrew: its whatever i only entered cuz it was free
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Dumbbbb
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): >looking through Bill's Flickr
>looks through MM Znekai posts
*damn my hair looked great that day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like, damn
Bill: You bangin.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm halfway to being back to that length
Bill: And now you living on a prayer?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 沁ｵ *Woooooaaahhhh I'm halfway there
WOOOOOAAAAHHH BACK TO MY GOOD HAIR* 沁ｶ
Bill: I laid down for 30 minutes but it was a mistake I can窶冲 get up.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you do look good with longer hair i will say
Bill: Err, wait. Not can窶冲. Won窶冲.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's about as long as it's ever gotten. I really kind of just want to let it go and see what it does
Nokri (Marisa): grow your hair out like mine!!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Long long Marisa hair
Nokri (Marisa): i walked 40 miles from thursday to monday <:rise:582318089228648456>
Nokri (Marisa): ~~39.6 but i rounded up~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:rise:582318089228648456>
Nokri (Marisa): georgia your she-re friends were really cute
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my who what?
Nokri (Marisa): ~~this hasn't been edited yet pls don't judge~~
rwby universe tale and co.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh yeah!
Nokri (Marisa): they super cool
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its just the dude i really talk to
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YAY! they treat you nice?
Nokri (Marisa): oooo
yeah!!! they said they wanna hire me again but they hadn't even seen the pictures yet <:woah:543194447345876998>
their catra didn't come though, she got overly stressed out and anxious so she stayed in the hotel to cool down so i was worried about her
Nokri (Marisa): he also came to the rwby shoot and later gave me some cards he's very nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye im glad they messaged me asking for photo recs
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i was immediately like MAWISA
Nokri (Marisa): thank u for recommending me to them i am forever eternally grateful 5ever
Nokri (Marisa): Oh also we all gotta play TATTERED WORLD
Nokri (Marisa): We went into a few museums on Sunday afternoon and again they kept pulling me to the side to search me with the fancy wand when most people just went through the metal detector. That combined with constant random searches at the airport proves that I am extremely threatening.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Omgg whyyyyyy
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Threatening aura
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh wait didn't you say it's because they are supposed to check small girls
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Pokemon go says I walked 24 km. Rip I needed 25 for tier 2 rewards
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _back to the treadmill_
Nokri (Marisa): I don窶冲 think they tend to check small girls? A bunch of other girls went through no problem, there was always a line. At airports they check if girls have spoons in their clothes but the metal detector would pick that up. I never set off the metal detector
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Huhhhhh
El氣電e Faun (Tom): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Look!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Him scoot!
Kaio Vermino (Lee): A friend!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): No idea how he got in
El氣電e Faun (Tom): But him spiky
Nokri (Marisa): screams
Aldus Larian (Jess): y him in my room?
Nokri (Marisa): pervert
