El🆓de Faun (Tom): NICE
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Someone I know told me that if you slightly burn brussel sprouts they taste better and it's totally true
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'm a believer
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yup
Tikur (Kurtis): oh they absolutely taste better slightly burned, throw them in the oven and crisp em up like french fries 👌
Nokri (Marisa): *not you too*
"oh what wisdom is kurtis about to impart on us? how thrilling, how suspenseful, h......o h"
brussels sprouts have taken root in your MINDS and will CONSUME YOU
Nokri (Marisa): look how GREEN they are. nothing is naturally that green
Nokri (Marisa): green's not a natural color
Nokri (Marisa): tyrian purple. now that's a natural color
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): jess run while you can
Nokri (Marisa): take some chocolate with you for sustenance
Nokri (Marisa): that's natural it grows on trees
Nokri (Marisa): our ancestors lived off of chocolate and red food coloring for centuries
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in Marisa's mind, the only natural food is Heinz purple ketchup
Nokri (Marisa): NOW we're talkin. made from only the finest natural ingredients
Nokri (Marisa): why is my photoshop just animal crossing pls help
Nokri (Marisa): it won't let me click it it's just showing an animal crossing preview when i hover over it <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): WH
Nokri (Marisa): NOW IT'S JUST TOM NOOK ON THE ENTIRE SCREEN WHEN I CLICK IT BUT IT WON'T LET ME SCREENSHOT IT
Nokri (Marisa): Tom give me my photoshop back
Nokri (Marisa): not u tom i mean raccoon tanuki tom
Nokri (Marisa): mr nook
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmaooo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): HE TOOK OVER
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Now you must pay 100000 bells with interest
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Eventually
Nokri (Marisa): i'll start by selling this cockroach that infested my house after sleeping for 3 months
Nokri (Marisa): down payment
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I FORGOT ABOUT THEM
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WHY DOD THEY ADD THOSE
Nokri (Marisa): fun
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Move that gyroid back and forth in the corner to kill them all
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): ooooooooomg what is this website it looks amaaazing
https://www.ancient.eu/
Nokri (Marisa): reclamation <:rise:582318089228648456>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wow you made those bells fast
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Truley the master of making money out of anything
Tikur (Kurtis): Y'all this is a gigantic mood
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): welp, made an ass of myself in the Wawa parking lot
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so when I left my house I noticed a spiderweb had taken up residence between my driver's side door and the street. Didn't see the spider. Not wanting to risk anything, I climbed in my passenger's side and drove to Wawa. Got out, got my coffee, came back, went to open my door...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ...felt a crunch as my hand pressed into the large spider that had taken up residence between my door handle. I yelled and some guy came over asking if I was ok. Thought I got shocked or something. I said, "no, spider." He came and looked at it "What, you don't like spiders?" *~sees it~* "What, that little thing?" (It was not little. Not as big as the one outside my office window, but not small either)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Anyway, he ended up opening the door for me so I could get in and then brushed the spider out and stomped on it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's how my day is going
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh nooo 😭 stuff like that's the worst
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just can't deal with spiders and bugs and creepy crawly things. I hate them all so much 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm glad this window is separating me from this other spider because if it was inside I'd have to burn my office down
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oof yeah, esp first thing in the morning
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Getting scared that early is a tone setter
Bill: 
Bill: https://www.ulta.com/hydro-cool-firming-eye-gels?productId=xlsImpprod5830050
Bill: ah, it was discounted yesterday. Sorry.
Aldus Larian (Jess): is this a call out post
Bill: ,... I don't know if you know this kind of thing exists, and if it would make you less conscious of something that bothers you it's a good thing isn't it? Sorry.
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres no need to be sorry lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): my problem isnt puffiness lines or wrinkles though i just have deep set eyes
Aldus Larian (Jess): id have to like change my bone structure to fix it
Aldus Larian (Jess): although i prob should try some sort of eye cream
Aldus Larian (Jess): Biru, are you mad at me?
Bill: No. I just took call out post like a negative.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i was just kidding, usually you the the person so i was just saying "is this for me?"
Bill: Yeah, I understand now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh sweet it worked
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so there's a convoluted way to add spoiler photos via mobile
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you have to edit the photo name to include "SPOILER_" at the beginning
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woaa
El🆓de Faun (Tom): THOCC BOI
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was curious what the zigzag pattern was in the web
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): turns out it's called the *stabilimentum*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *" Its function is a subject of debate."*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It's a type of web?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's part of the web. the zigzag part at the bottom
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlRkwuAcUd4
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I hate spiders but this is still wicked cool
Nokri (Marisa): Have you ever seen Spiders on Drugs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Spider is eyeing up that grasshopper
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:Shooketh_Honda_San:605590718026874901>
Bill: <:exhausted:577177500153544724> I know I’m not exactly exciting conversation, but cleaning your junk mail and saying that’s what you’re doing during lunch is a little much Japneet.
Aldus Larian (Jess): top priority
Bill: I’d rather play fire emblem over lunch, but I always make a point to eat with everyone whose having lunch for office bonding... since that’s a goal of Gord/Japneet.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i purposely take my lunch super late so no ones around lol i leave the building completely if the weater is nice
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I eat in my office alone
Aldus Larian (Jess): if i eat at my desk ill be asked to do stuff
Bill: I’d do that but I’ve had multiple talks with Gord where he brought up wanting to foster some office interaction over the last two years.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh my boss wants the opposite
Bill: So I try to support him in it.
Bill: We’re *very* independent and rarely need to interact with each other in the day to day. I’d be fine if I only went to Armonk during the week.
Aldus Larian (Jess): he doesnt like people eating together cuz he thinks ithey are plotting against him
years ago everyone used to get pizza every friday and sit outside together and he broke it up and assigned everyone a lunch time
Bill: You need to get out of there... what a tool.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Eh I don't like eating with other people anyway the only person I ever liked having lunch with was Brooke
Bill: He's a tool beyond that one instance.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well yea
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So have y'all seen the dancing Hermione cosplayer?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goCo-rEhaow
Nokri (Marisa): oooo ye she lost to another voguer in a contest tho
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Turns out she's part of a Harry Potter fan film about the 3 sister's in the Black family (she plays Bellatrix)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And it looks dope
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://twitter.com/i/status/1152988652768813056
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Mmh2SjtZ4Y
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive been actually drinking my daily recommended amount of water this week but holy shit do i have to pee alot
Nokri (Marisa): Drink in slower intervals! Like a bit every 15 minutes instead of a lot once every hour. Human bodies can only absorb so much water at a time so any excess that can’t be absorbed after drinking will make you go to the bathroom much more
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): that makes sense thank
Nokri (Marisa): https://domirine.tumblr.com/post/185958255536/my-pride-list-is-complete-i-am-so
Nokri (Marisa): Das neat
El🆓de Faun (Tom): DORIAN! Sera!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): KREM
El🆓de Faun (Tom): MAYA
ASRA
SOLDIER (JACK)!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): HOLT
El🆓de Faun (Tom): BULL
Nokri (Marisa): Omg how did I miss holt and rosa
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEAH
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh how did I only see holt
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea I been seeing that in tumblr
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): bought a bed frame and headboard <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: headboard is nice!
Bill: Never had one before and it really keeps the pillows in place, rather than sliding down the side of the bed like they used to. You'll like.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Almost the same one lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm used to having a bookshelf headboard so I'd feel weird *not* having one
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I like having my alarm clock and lamp up there
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and shelf space for other shit
Bill: I'm afraid to put my alarm there actually.
Bill: Cause it'll be more in reach than my nightstand, and what if I smack it off while half asleep?
Bill: silly thing to worry about, I can't sleep in anymore to begin with.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've done that on a few occasions
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have two alarms set and sometimes my first one goes off and I subconsciously turn them both off
Nokri (Marisa): Get one of those clocks that launch a tiny helicopter in the air and don’t turn off until you retrieve the helicopter and put it back
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is why I also set my lamp to turn on at the second alarm so if the sound doesn't, the light will
Aldus Larian (Jess): yall are still using alarm clocks? wack
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I like to have my phone off at night
Nokri (Marisa): That’s what phones are for
Nokri (Marisa): I
Nokri (Marisa): O*
Bill: I don't keep my phone within reach of my bed, it's too distracting.
Nokri (Marisa): I sleep on my phone
Aldus Larian (Jess): mines on my nightstand on alrams only
Nokri (Marisa): Its always like touching my face. I only ever silence it if a Japanese group chat is going wild in the middle of the night
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~how else can play mm at 3am~~
Bill: Having my phone that close to me all the time has made me... not quite anxious, but get a weird mood before.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh its just normal for me ive kept my phone on my nightstand since i was 11 lol
Nokri (Marisa): Am opposite, I always keep it close because I’m anxious of an emergency happening at night. Gotta have it right there to answer the phone, call police, or evacuate ASAP
Bill: ^ Those are the reasons I didn't consider putting my phone in the office at night.
Bill: I always had my phone close. It's only the last half a year or so I've kept it further from my bed.
Bill: Don't regret it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i used to use an alarm clock but the backup battery died one time when the power went off and i never got up for work so now i dont
Nokri (Marisa): I used the oven timer as a backup alarm clock once lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): biru why are u on DnD?
Bill: Cause I've been in a mood.
Bill: I have one of my smart lights in the lamp on my dresser, that's set to turn on in the morning when I get up, and turns off after I leave for the train.
Bill: Been enjoying that.
Bill: Not sure what to do with the other two smart bulbs. I don't really have a place for them in the apartment yet.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm hoping I can add smart bulbs in the light fixture in the dining room. that'd be nice
Nokri (Marisa): Cries because they’re closing but also I love this email
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats somewhat adorable
El🆓de Faun (Tom): i thought that said Sans fabric
El🆓de Faun (Tom): and its in papyrus
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): I lost 6 brain cells just from looking at that
Bill: I’m forgetting something. 🤔
Bill: I member!
Nokri (Marisa): 
