Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@351471675843411978> <@334090409389195266>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Schedule is up
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): looks like a lot of hopping between the main stage and the Lawn stage
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yup that's what I was thinking
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which are on opposite ends of the venue...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lots of walking
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we'll get our exercise for the week
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh rip
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and reward ourselves with expensive boozy drinks
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yesss
Aldus Larian (Jess): How are you guys getting down there? Would I be able to meet up with someone?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd offer, but I'm like an hour out of your way
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@334090409389195266> is in my way but idk you you'd wanna meet up
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I could possibly. Still trying to figure out wtf is going on with Brendan
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Who hasnt brought it up since that one day when he bought his ticket and didnt even mention it to me until he was saying he was gonna stay here and I told him I didnt like that idea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Guess I'll deal with that tomorrow
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof that's right
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's so shitty of him? like wtf
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yeaaaaa he probably hasnt brought it up because I got really mad at him
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But I'll discuss what's happening tomorrow
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *maybe he'll forget*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LOL
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): *God if only*
Nokri (Marisa): everybody stand at one stage and facetime each other to be everywhere at once
Aldus Larian (Jess): We talk tomorrow 👌
Nokri (Marisa): it's time
to thank everyone for their birthday messages
and they're spread across so many platforms oh no
Nokri (Marisa): oh dang whatshisname messaged me on instagram.
from japanese class
Bill: Allen?
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): him
Nokri (Marisa): i chose this time to thank people because they would be going to bed or be at work *but i guess i was wrong and now i'm stuck in 15 conversations haha help*
Nokri (Marisa): who is rayna is it ok to meme in my comment to her?
Nokri (Marisa): does she like anime
Andrew: oh boy allen
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea!
Andrew: doesnt he like travel the world
Nokri (Marisa): yee
Aldus Larian (Jess): Rayna is v. Nice!
Nokri (Marisa): ok i'm gonna anime meme her thanks <:woah:543194447345876998> i hope she doesn't hate it
Nokri (Marisa): allen is back job hunting in the US he says
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah she's coo
Nokri (Marisa): oh dang he needs a job before october or he can't stay in the country that sucks
Andrew: that sucks i hope he finds one
Nokri (Marisa): oh no he's asking about my plans for the future
oh no i can't say reclusive cat lady we're not that friendly
Nokri (Marisa): @ people i don't really know: thanks bless u amen
@ people i think i know: i'm gonna transplant tiny chocolates into your kidneys in appreciation for what you've done for me today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _wouldnt that kill them_
Andrew: *is that the plan*
Nokri (Marisa): people have multiple kidneys they'll be fine
plus chocolate is better
Nokri (Marisa): ok i think i responded to everyone <:woah:543194447345876998>
or at least everyone on facebook, messenger, line, and insta? am i missing anything
if so oops
Nokri (Marisa): bojo got me a cake slice after work and it was very rich and now i am very sick <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> 
and there was a good manga release today, and i got to play the sims, and i got a tomato
so all in all it was pretty nice
Nokri (Marisa): i missed the undertale live stream because i lost track of time but. i can live with that *i guess*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Tomate? What kinda tomate?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WOAH WHAT UNDERTALE LIVESTREAM
Nokri (Marisa): Sewing needle tomato!! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> 🍅
Nokri (Marisa): Pin cushion. That’s the word I’m looking for pin cushion! 🍅
Nokri (Marisa): The game grumps are finally playing undertale and today they did all the metaton stuff aaa but they already played deltarune owo
Nokri (Marisa): They upload their streams online but it’ll take a week rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): That sounds like a pretty decent day!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Megalova is just started playing in my head woo
Nokri (Marisa): I am free of my shackles yehaw
Bill: Day two of “eat actual breakfast for happiness BOOST” plus coffee.
Bill: BLESSED MORNJNG.
Bill: The fox family was out in the full sun!
Bill: ANDTHEYJUSRcambacnanffismxncjd
Bill: Aww momma fox left cause someone down the street started mowing their lawn.
Bill: Admittedly it’s late for dem.
Bill: She sleepy.
Bill: She yawn
Bill: Ugh fuck those landscapers.
Bill: These photos are going to be GOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDD
Bill: The ones the other day were okay, but it was pretty dark so I only had passable quality, these are in full sun and MAJESTIC
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yessss
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's cool that they were there several days in a row
Bill: I’m realizing rather than feeling like MC in mystic messenger, I feel like whichever guy is in the conversation. Which is why I like chats where the guys are being relatable. Do you get that too Erik? (Here cause I’m guessing your avoiding mint-eye for ~~elixir allergies~~ spoilers)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): idk I haven't really thought of it too much
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also I've been reading the mint-eye channel anyway lol
Bill: 
Bill: I fixed a bug in production, it took me 15 minutes, that’s enough work for today right?
Tikur (Kurtis): Yes
Nokri (Marisa): nature is so horrifying look at this crab
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Big boi
Tikur (Kurtis): Time for crab
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *giant enemy crab*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): giant sea spider
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqFJJyAVx-Q
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): classic meme 👌
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i did lots of physics work, i take break now <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): someone yell at me if im still playin videogames in 3 hours
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yo, one time when i was at someone house i was trying to sleep at like 12 am and all of a sudden i heard the mii music
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i thought i was crazy
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but then i got up
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and opened the window
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and someone was having a party
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and was BLASTING
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the mii music
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and i was like SERIOUSLY contemplating going over
Nokri (Marisa): did you
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): no my ex wouldnt let me, so another bad point
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): for him
Bill: 😑
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i woke everyone up because i was so excited
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i shouldve just gone anyway
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): that sounded like a lit party
Bill: clearly, it's the Mii Plaza.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): jess should just play the mii music on repeat at her party
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): marisa
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): YOU TOO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): MARISA
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): EVERY PARTY <:rise:557579163511554050>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): MARISA OMG
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): can we waltz to the miis
Bill: I was totally doing that making coffee earlier ngl.
Bill: It's great.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): agkasdgflasfha
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): GOOD
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the remixes are so good too
Nokri (Marisa): wAIT WHAT I MISSED IT
Nokri (Marisa): o
Nokri (Marisa): you assume i haven't already put that in my party?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): youre right, silly of me
Nokri (Marisa): there's a whole section for video game music
Nokri (Marisa): i think mii channel is before spider dance from undertale
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im gonna fortnite dance no one can stop me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im gonna wear my cute ass dress
Nokri (Marisa): there might be children around careful
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it doenst make my ass cute its just cuteass
Nokri (Marisa): all my cute dresses don't suit me so i'm wearin a black and white dress
Nokri (Marisa): which also doesn't suit me but hey-o <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im SURE it does
Nokri (Marisa): it's kind of like this but not really
Bill: I bet they all suit you.
Bill: I'll bet 100 dollas Mawisa. If I lose you get 100 dollas.
Nokri (Marisa): bold of you to assume i have $100
Bill: Oh no, if I win I get the sweet sweet satisfaction of being right.
Bill: Which is what I live on tbh.
Nokri (Marisa): i can never let that happen <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): we were working on the menu before which was already figured out but bojo changed it up
Bill: I can either be right and you look WONDERFUL in all your dresses, or you get 100 dollars.
Nokri (Marisa): are there any requests
so far it's really bizarre
we've got macaroni and cheese, roulette onigiri, meatballs, roast beef, salad, mashed potatoes, probably some kind of vegetable in a tin
Nokri (Marisa): how about i'm right and you wear the dress
Nokri (Marisa): 😎
Bill: *What, on one arm?*
Nokri (Marisa): sure if you wanna wear so many dresses that badly
Bill: Girl I am almost literally 3 times your size.
Nokri (Marisa): the dresses can be altered it's fine
Bill: *two of you could hide in my torso*
Nokri (Marisa): Oh wow my cousin said she’s going to my party
That’s horrifying and confusing. She hates me so it must be for the free food and to see my sister
Nokri (Marisa): I wanna hide in a torso but like. A fake plastic torso.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I can hear spider dance
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Don't let Billiam fool you, if he gets.you 100 you get 100 if you win and you get 100 of he wins
Nokri (Marisa): 100 spiders
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Can I wear a ball dress
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I won't, but I just wanna know that I can
Nokri (Marisa): Yes 100%
Nokri (Marisa): You should consider it
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'll.bring my muffet cosplay for spider dance
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And 100 plastic spiders
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And just throw them everywhere
Bill: Damn Tom busted my plan.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lookin at a nasa application
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _nasa plz_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _i only kinda know python, what is this phyton you speak of_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's a Photon python
Elfriede Faun (Tom): A snake of light particles
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _nasa is hiding the light snakes from us_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): welp ive applied for the fall semester of nasa internships
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and 8/15 of my summer internships are still listed as open goddamn
Bill: 
Bill: Help me
Nokri (Marisa): I wanna be invited to one of these
https://soranews24.com/2019/05/22/real-world-final-fantasy-wedding-plan-reservations-start-in-japan-and-it-looks-amazing【photos】/
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): If you’re not holding weapons while walking down the aisle is it really a wedding
Nokri (Marisa): My sister had swords at hers
Nokri (Marisa): And most of my cousins
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yooooo
