Bill: No sorry, has nothing to do with Georgia.
Bill: I was in Walmart and it was crappy.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ohhh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I hate to break it to you, but that's literally *any* Walmart
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Someone was giving away a bunch of games and movies at work so I nabbed myself a pristine copy of 007 Agent under 🔥 since I played that so much as a kid
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo nice! anything else good?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): There was some old ass movies
El🆓de Faun (Tom): GTA V for ps3
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It's all Xbox and ps3
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Like og xbox
Aldus Larian (Jess): wack
Bill: Aww and I ditched the old xbox.
Bill: But speaking of old games, when I boxed up the n64 stuff I found a cartridge for Perfect Dark. I don't think I've *ever* played that. I don't remember it at all.
Bill: I don't know where it came from.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Perfect dark is pretty good
Nokri (Marisa): I’m trying to remember a dream I had last night <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): i think it was happy? i remember it being based in high school times, and sad because classmates who are now dead were in the dream and i was lamenting i should've got to know them better, but also there were a lot of cheese danishes (like TABLES full of them) and everybody was in very pretty outfits
Nokri (Marisa): and one girl was really nice to me but i can't really remember who
Aldus Larian (Jess): danishes are good!
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH THEY ARE
Nokri (Marisa): especially before they go stale and they're super soft
Nokri (Marisa): fantastic
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEAH
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That sounds like mostly good
Nokri (Marisa): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Nokri (Marisa): ~~new emoji idea~~
El🆓de Faun (Tom): CHEESE DANISH
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Second only to big moist cinnamon rolls
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooh I only like fruit danishes. not a fan of cheese
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): raspberry danishes are where it's at
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): http://thebreadwinner.co.uk/media/products/category_images/20170207_155924.jpg
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like all danish
Aldus Larian (Jess): i want danish now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): same yo
Nokri (Marisa): fruit danish too healthy. look at those berries. health.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah thats pure sugar
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yup
Nokri (Marisa): i'm glad i procrastinated on buying those drawstring bag supplies. ali is having a sale in 5 days <:rise:582318089228648456>
Nokri (Marisa): it'll go from ~$15 to $12 <:rise:582318089228648456>
Bill: So Mawisa dreams about being in high school, wearing cute outfits, with friends, eating pastries.

Your dream was about... LUCKY STAR
Nokri (Marisa): being in high school with people i kinda sorta know and a few who are dead, while i shove danishes in my mouth and purse, something about going up on stage to give a speech or seomthing? and the cute outfits were like ballgowns and tuxedos from the animated Anastasia

just like lucky star
Nokri (Marisa): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Update: I went back and bought the onesie
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): good
Bill: https://www.christmastreeshops.com/GRNHS-CHEST-APOTH-WH-PWS/p/A133278988 I saw this yesterday in the store and I really like it, but it wouldn't fit well in my office.
Bill: (in black)
Aldus Larian (Jess): what would u use it for? 😮
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): organizing his apothecary obviously
Bill: Photography gear!
Bill: ~~I've already rearranged for it~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Alright I finally got some downtime _its time for tiktok_
Nokri (Marisa): could've made shelves out of your boxes 😎
Bill: I have bookshelves.
Bill: That I could use.
Bill: But I'm going for a mature adult look rather than college.
Bill: Matching furniture, not cluttered, you know.
Nokri (Marisa): rich person look eh
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol im still attempting that, haven't been very succesful
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If you buy only blue things, you never struggle to match
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Life hacks
Bill: Living/dining only needs a bar piece and a lamp. Bedroom's pretty much set, also could use a second lamp. Den's been in need of one more piece and that chest is I T it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Bar piece?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ya buying a bar billiam?
Bill: It's a piece of furniture designed to hold glasses, bottles, mixing tools...
Nokri (Marisa): are you gonna get all that stuff?
Nokri (Marisa): and use it?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Whole bar whole bar whole bar!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _a whole building_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh like a bar cabinet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hmmm do I wanna do tik toks
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I could go to the gym or swim
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I got til 4:45
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): swim!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hella ye use my new space towel
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m kinda relieved, I was worried that by being here, I’d intrude on my grandmas schedule but she’s called me every night to go out for dinner or lunch
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Aww that's nice you got some one at least
Bill: I already have wine, champagne, and liqour glasses, a tumblr (granted not a classy one, it's literally from chilis) haven't brought my bourbon bottles over yet, and I have a handful of mixing tools...
Bill: So yes, I will use it.
Bill: It will also complete da room.
Nokri (Marisa): do you have plates/silverware? maybe a bowl? do you have essentials?
Bill: ,... yes? I have a kitchen.
Nokri (Marisa): oh well you just moved so i wanted to make sure you had important stuff
Nokri (Marisa): sorry
Bill: It's fine.
Bill: I have everything I need pretty much. I've yet to go fully grocery shopping, but I got what I needed for the week already.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): hrrng trying to look at mattresses
Nokri (Marisa): you're just spending a ton of money after you've already spent money, it's a bit hard to wrap the mind around. i wanted to make you had the basics because they're easy to forget
Nokri (Marisa): bojo took the car in to get looked at! it's going to cost $850 to get fixed 😬
Bill: 😭
Nokri (Marisa): maybe we can borrow my sister's car when she's not using it because it's going to take several months to get that money. it won't be so bad in winter when it's cold and the outside air can cool the radiator, as long as it doesn't continue to degrade over the rest of the summer.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oof that sucks
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s move out month y’all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Marisa you can live with me owo
Nokri (Marisa): i'll start hitchhiking to florida, packin' up now
Nokri (Marisa): we own our house so we don't have to pay a mortgage, but we have two sewer bills
Nokri (Marisa): the electric bill is down $200 from last year even though no one was home to use electric (i was in japan and bojo was working all day) so that kind of proves the neighbors were wired in to us somehow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): One bedroom for us, one for Sylvia and cosplay, excellent I’ll make the arrangements
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ooo I’m big dumb I forgot a waterborne
Nokri (Marisa): we get a bedroom!? <:woah:543194447345876998>
Bill: The chest is going to be heavy for the stairs tho. I'm sure Dad will say it's fine, but he's done alot of lifting to help me get everything up here.
Bill: actually the top is flat, maybe we can slide it up on towels...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Could get wood planks to slide it up the stairs
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We did that with my old couch
Bill: The planks would run the wood stairs.
Bill: That'd work with carpeted stairs.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We have wood 🤔
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It was okay
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Painted wood, maybe that makes a difference
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ain’t gonna have any problem remembering which lounger is mine
Bill: https://lifehacker.com/keep-your-friends-off-their-phones-with-this-game-1837449803
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Huh I saw a version where everyone puts their phone upside down in a stack so no one can grab theirs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've been looking at beds instead of working and have been checking out 3 different mattress brands and asked Facebook if anyone has them and for their reviews. Keep in mind, I'm looking for something *under* $1k
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ethan comes in saying they have a Tempurpedic
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I check their website
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): cheapest mattress is $2.1k lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the boy can afford a $2k+ mattress but couldn't be bothered to buy a bottle of hand soap for his bathroom lmao
Nokri (Marisa): he doesn't have soap in his bathroom?? 🙀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he used to have an old bottle of AXE body wash that barely had anything left in it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's what he expected his guests to clean their hands with
Bill: Oh god, I remember that the one time I was there. It's good thing I went to the bathroom as we left, my handwashing ocd was like 'bitch you unclean'.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): on another note, I'm kind of leaning towards Purple. Heard a few good things about them. Plus it comes with two free pillows and a set of sheets? Fuck yeah
Bill: I got mine from PC Richards.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): might make a trip down to KoP on Saturday. I can try out Casper and Purple down there
Nokri (Marisa): you ever think how most mattress stores have gotta be fronts for the mafia or somethin
Nokri (Marisa): how do they stay in business
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've done nothing since lunch
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): tom and I want to get a new matress too ours id prob like older than us
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My mom told me mine is 25 years old the other day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I was like damn I sleep like baby
Nokri (Marisa): ooh i just moved and cracked everything in my body
Nokri (Marisa): my skeleton yearns to be free
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Tikur (Kurtis): Your skeleton is ready to hatch! Lucky you!
Nokri (Marisa): if any of you were to perchance hypothetically buy one of these, what color would you prefer it be in? literally any color
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): White, so I can blend in with the snow
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'd prob do white too
Nokri (Marisa): is that the bias of the white picture? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Das a different one!
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): ~~yeah that has a hood shhh~~ it'd be hoodless probably
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think white looks best with fuzzies I think
Nokri (Marisa): like the white and blue ones
Nokri (Marisa): orly :0
Nokri (Marisa): squints
that's black sorry
Nokri (Marisa): so two votes for white :0 fascinating
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I like the black one owo
Tikur (Kurtis): I like the red one!
Nokri (Marisa): new contenders! <:rise:582318089228648456>
Nokri (Marisa): i saw a really cute red one in a store the other day in children's size and was gonna make some for winter, but i have to be careful with what colors i choose because faux fur is expense
