Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Same
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I always come home from the salon and wet my whole head lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i usually at least re brush mine
Bill: Yuuup
Tikur (Kurtis): https://shirtz.cool/collections/basic-tees/products/the-diequick-tee
Tikur (Kurtis): Found a quality shop
Aldus Larian (Jess): KURTIS NO
Aldus Larian (Jess): but also thats hilarious
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://shirtz.cool/collections/basic-tees/products/the-sadboy-tee
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg therse are great
Nokri (Marisa): Seven would buy that one for Saeran and this one for Jumin
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Study had me all upsetti but then I had a good ham sandwich and I’m chill now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s some pretty damn good ham
Aldus Larian (Jess): ham is good shit
Aldus Larian (Jess): sign me up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m usually a white meat person but ham is amazing
Bill: Soon you’ll be done. No more school for three months.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:rise:557579163511554050>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _rebellion_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): School for about 13 more hours _then rebellion_
Bill: Is that what you’re going to do.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Rebellion is code for sleep for ten years
Bill: Sounds a little more accurate.
Bill: I await your freedom to the world of The mostly unfettered.
Aldus Larian (Jess): THE SUN
Aldus Larian (Jess): I SAW THE SUN
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh shit it's not rainy today
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:rise:557579163511554050>
Bill: I think I might actually go to a meetup.com thing tonight. There's been a group on there meeting every wednesday in morristown for mindfulness meditation.
Bill: I tried to get into that in grad school, help. Shut my head up a bit.
Bill: I dropped it as things got busier after grad school, but I still thought it was cool and they have a beginners session before the main one.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do it! that sounds interesting
Bill: That's the idea.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ooo let me know how you like it, that sounds interesting
Bill: They're consistent at least, and according to the event description they have an attendance of '35-55' every week ~~as opposed to the four who marked going on the site~~.
Bill: Oof.
Bill: I went to McDonald’s again for lunch ~~mostly to get out of the house~~ and the kid at the window remembered me from yesterday.
Bill: I certainly don’t look like I’m eating this stuff no carbs so oof.
Aldus Larian (Jess): trust me he doesnt care
Bill: Nah he don’t it’s just being remembered at McDonald’s is usually a bad thing.
Bill: Actually he specifically remembered me for my forester and that’s probably not bad at all but.
Bill: oof. Timberlands are too big.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh no, by a lot?
Bill: like one size off. =T
Bill: returning them going to be annoying but I can do it'll be fine..
Bill: Just annoying since I couldn't do anything other than hope they ran the same size as my Merrell boots.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): better too big than too small
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): can always add extra socks
Bill: or just get the right size lol.
Bill: I'm actually thinking I might not need the wide.
Bill: And if that's the case, I can probably find sizes in store.
Bill: Oh calling was a mistake. Guess I'mma go to rockaway later.
Aldus Larian (Jess): where did u get them from?
Bill: Timberland online.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh do they have a story in rockaway?
Bill: They're carried in Macys, Footlocker, Champ sport...
Bill: Nordstrom and DSW too.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea, i dint realise you could return them there
Bill: I don't know if I can.
Bill: Goal is to figure out what size I do need.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo ok
Bill: I'll return them by mail probably, which sucks,
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have to return some of the stuff I initially got for Widow and I have to drive to a UPS store to send it
Bill: yup, unless I want to go to a timberland store.
Bill: UPS store isn't terrible for small stuff from Amazon, cause there's one on the block by work and they have the new thing where you don't have to print your own return label.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah that's what I'm doing
Bill: oh huh they have a store at the Crossings outlets in Tannersville.
Aldus Larian (Jess): one good thing about my job: ups comes every day to pick up stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just got some QR codes for them to scan and they pack it and ship it
Bill: Not that it's closer than NYC, but a shopping trip could be neat.
Bill: Where is Mawisa.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> whatcha doing? eating? playing with Sylvia? Did you pump out yet another costume?
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe she sleep?
Bill: possible.
Aldus Larian (Jess): mawisa's sl;eep schedule is a mystery
Bill: *GOD* it really is though.
Nokri (Marisa): wasting the gift of life wassup
Bill: Oh so you're making Tobias suffer.
Bill: Good, waste him.
Nokri (Marisa): that would be mean
Aldus Larian (Jess): MAWISA <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): JESS <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: DONKEY <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): SHREK
Elfriede Faun (Tom): SASUKE!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): KAGOME!
Bill: *Wow* did you just throw back to a legacy Uncle Yo skit?
Bill: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/inspire-2019how-to-capture-a-meaningful-street-portrait-in-under-5-minutes-tickets-61643481312 It's on a tuesday, but I'm kinda interested and I could go to work afterwards...
Bill: Cause step 4 is my issue with Street photography.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it could be fun!
Bill: Just sucks it’s a work day.
Bill: ~~Gord did say I need to find a conference to attend~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok i am home and my stuff is inside and im not doin anything productve except maybe unpack the rest of the day
Bill: Footlocker has 12 not wide. Still feels pretty big length wise but I don’t think I need the wide and I’d be surprised if the 11 did fit and these damn boots are driving me nuts.
Bill: They nice tho. When I can find the right size.
Bill: The fuck is with these stores and shitty rap.
Bill: Oh wow those were the sluttest outfits I’ve ever seen in fucking Rockaway.
Bill: I’ve seen anime characters with more shirt.
Bill: I look like shit today tho damn. I should skip the meditation thing.
Bill: 4 stores and I can’t get an 11.5
Bill: 5. Guess it’s to outside stores.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): do they make an 11.5?
Bill: Ye. Well, according to one of the clerks.
Bill: I’m already dying wearing a leather jacket. Why am I so hype for Jones I’m the summer.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Cosplay is pain
Bill: Nordstrom then dsw and after that I give up.
Andrew: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWRcFBkxvk0
Andrew: oops
Andrew: meanty for animemes
Andrew: but relevant to that convo
Bill: Aaaaaand that’s that.
Bill: I either go to the crossings to the timberland store (or go in NYC, they have a timberland somewhere in the city) or fuck it and guess again.
Bill: I just wanna go home and ditch this too small nasa shirt and too big stretch jeans and feel like a human who can dress myself. God.
Bill: I feel like the stereotypical overweight guy who doesn’t wear well fitted clothing. It’s cause I’m trying to NOT be overweight but I’ve always had pride in my appearance do even the idea of looking like I don’t is annoying as fuck.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Are you going home?
Bill: Ye. Ran outta stores.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Then problem almost solved
Bill: Ye.
Bill: It’s in part not a bad thing it’s just frustrating.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes I know the feel
