Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Apparently kitchen is closed so get food before
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): When you park, go through this door. Apparently kitchen is closed so no food, but bar is still open for drinks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also reception is ass so sorry if I don't respond
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We're also near the mushroom factory so it smells like ass too
Bill: Woo!
Andrew: I did not know until now
Andrew: There is a Dora the explorer movie coming out
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah!!
She brings a knife on the field trip
Aldus Larian (Jess): Erik is V. Good you guys
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): he do a good bass
Aldus Larian (Jess): Good bass
Nokri (Marisa): Did you get his autograph?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh not yet I'll have to ask
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _ask him to sign your arm_
Nokri (Marisa): colbert's dnd character is so funny
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Elvis hair plus bee
Nokri (Marisa): the bee's name is eric
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Hello eric
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Pleased to meet you
Give me a buzz sometime
Tikur (Kurtis): <@301927856240459777>  *Emotional hug*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): What
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It was a slow day in service today so they polished the white paint off my car from when I bumped into the garage. It’s so shiny and nice now 😍
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): looked at another apartment today. they had two style units available: standard and renovated
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): standard looked kind of dumpy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but was only $910/month
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): renovated was nicer looking, all new stainless appliances
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): $1135/month
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): includes water, sewer, and trash
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but both units were smol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I emailed the guy from the first apartment and he said they have a unit that's going to become available the second week of June
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I replied saying I would be interested in applying once it does
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so *y e e t* <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Is that the nice one that you really liked?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ye
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the one that includes just about everything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Niceeee <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): June's gonna be an exciting month
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Apartment-warming party? lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): eventually!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): will probably have to have a couple because different friend groups xD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): might be crowded if I had a lot of people lol
Bill: Silly Erik, merge all your friend groups.
Aldus Larian (Jess): He just said it's too many people to fit in an apartment
