Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mark asking about play-by-post
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hue
Bill: Already went over that fiasco.
Bill: I’m so dead.
Bill: I slept for a hour and a half when I plot on my bed after getting home.
Bill: Would have stayed that way if I wasn’t still dressed and didn’t have my alarm on.
N🆗ri (Marisa): why aren't hammocks more popular
Bill: Because I doubt there’s one that can support my weight.
N🆗ri (Marisa): all of them can yes
Bill: How much do you think I weight smol one.
Bill: Okay fine the first results on amazon are all totally valid.
Bill: Defffffinitely avoid hammocks on principle of not breaking them tho.
N🆗ri (Marisa): hammock swingset
Bill: Sounds dangerous
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so part of me wants to join a cosplay charity group...
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): whats that
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like going to hospitals and stuff? or?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like there's one somewhat local one that liked one of my posts a few weeks ago and I checked them out. And yeah they do work with children (which would require getting clearances, but that's not usually difficult).
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I feel like it would be a cool way to do something useful with cosplay and could be a way that it could come up respectfully in a job interview.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The only thing is I'd need a more recognizable cosplay lol. They're looking more for superheros and Disney characters basically. Things kids would easily recognize
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.paheroescoalition.com/about?fbclid=IwAR3F2N8PSqxVvCWUOpuMHU64he0CwW-V0l7QrU0hXmPxmHg-Yvk796OUZWY
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah Ive thought about that before too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s what I’d like to make a Disney Princess or something lol
Bill: Or spider Gwen.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess she’s recognizable now yeah
Bill: Any of the spider verse characters would work.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Gwen isn’t THAT recognizable tho
Bill: From spider verse she is.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Honestly any type of Spider suit would just be recognizable as *some* character from the Spider-verse
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): not sure if Peter B. Parker would be recognizable enough lol
Bill: Yeaaaah and he’s kinda a deadbeat which isn’t *inspiring* for children. ~~for 20-25 year olds he’s a hero though~~
Bill: For some reason I always feel swagging when I get to IBM. work clothes I guess.
Bill: Spotify put together a good playlist for daily mix, lots of like 20's classics and some edgy stuff for the *edgelord* in me like MCR. 

But there's the occasionally acoustic and I'm like? No thank you?
Bill: Consistent energy level please.
N🆗ri (Marisa): where's the anime
Bill: I have a playlist for weeb electronic.
Bill: I call it Mogra. <:mew_face:498866691963355137>
Bill: Let mee outttttt
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Bill: Lol minecraft.
Bill: Throwback to running a minecraft server on Tech's network all of Senior year.
Bill: ~~I told Wooster that would be my final for the year since I already got the certificates everyone else was trying to get~~
Bill: ~~He did it~~
Bill: Man I dunno if I still have a minecraft client.
N🆗ri (Marisa): what if you do and it's super popular and has a whole economy of its own
Bill: The one from school? Nah, it's offline.
Bill: and only accessible at Tech.
Bill: Oh wow I do still have it.
Bill: What's the current version of minecraft?
Bill: yo *fuck you* minecraft.com, I don't care if someone hacks my *minecraft* account, stop asking me for security questions I did in 2012.
N🆗ri (Marisa): 1.13 is the current one i think
N🆗ri (Marisa): 1.13.2
Bill: I have version 1.8 from the looks of it.
Bill: lol.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I miss Minecraft
N🆗ri (Marisa): minecraft aurii minecraft aurii
Bill: I low key want to host a server but doing that on AWS would cost actual money.
Bill: Dizzy is cheap, she barely do anything.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Can we build Aurii in Minecraft?
Bill: And I can't host at home ~~cause Dad's ocd about his router settings~~
Bill: according to some blog about it, it's like 15 a month.
Bill: tempting.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Good ol Minecraft
Bill: What should I call Dizzy's Database on AWS.
Bill: I used to nickname her databases her Diary but.
Bill: Maybe something else?
N🆗ri (Marisa): in keeping with the diary theme: "Top Secret Do Not Look Especially You Mom. No Boys Allowed."
Bill: short name.
N🆗ri (Marisa): tsdnleym.nba
Bill: no.
Bill: I am once again a card carrying US archery member.
Bill: Neat range. Run by old guys like everything else Archery.
Bill: Other new glasses are in. Bittt bigger than I remember. But still okay.
Bill: ~~are they bad hold on~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): They look good!
N🆗ri (Marisa): +5 to all attributes when new glasses are equipped
Bill: Thanks ~~but don’t lie if they are bad~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye they gud
