Bill: Well, my opinion or not just don’t underestimate yourself. You’ll shine on your own.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres two projects running over the summer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the one project head is kinda serious and dull, the project isnt great
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the other is SUPER enthusiastic, a little socially awkward but he bro'd out with me over the kennedy space center and the project is cool
Bill: You definitely need enthusiasm right now.
Bill: Even if goes no where, you've been buried in boring and hard. Have *fun* with physics again.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah and i told the guy i only have a theoretical knowledge of rockets but he seems to believe i could contribute to the team meaningfully
Bill: well that's a given Georgia.
Bill: But rockets are *fun* and not *math* or *theoretical physics of the third calculus*.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean theres matth
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the project head is actually a geologist tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which is interesting as hell
Bill: Weird!
Bill: Good.
Bill: And there's math yes but not the stuff you've been slugging and struggling through. It's practical with a goal in mind.
Bill: Take this as a chance to get out from the suffocating blanket of textbook problems and 'you'll need to know this in the future' stuff.
Bill: For the same reasons engineers build pumpkin catapults competitively every October.
Bill: all work and no play makes for a dull ~~life~~ day.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): RUTGERS DOESNT DO THAT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I WANT TO
Bill: Start it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that... is an idea
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ooo and the STAR group has a python tutorial
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i did the online stuff but this may be another level
Bill: ~~reminder that I am a Python expert~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i aint gonna ask ya for python tutoring thats time intensive lmao
Bill: N....no?
Bill: I'd do that for you in a heartbeat.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): well code academy taught me the basic bitch python  3
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): print("stuff")
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): setting variables
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): performing operations
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): making lists
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats what the basic one taught me
Bill: Very basic yes.
Bill: Key, but basic.
Bill: do you have something you want to *do* with Python?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NayWvSZfshidn3c-N5QH-LVl_RCqHYlinhxrky7QkK8/edit#slide=id.p
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): can you see that?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): idk if it shares
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats what STAR has
Bill: that's a... quick glaze over of the tools I use at work.
Bill: Numpy, jupyter, matlibplot.
N🆗ri (Marisa): gesundheit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): huzzah i have joined the STAR slack
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this guy is very eccentric
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hes already made a furry porn joke
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): very quirky but seems like my kinda coworker
Bill: Abort all the things.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _not cringe just really socially awkward and speaks internet_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i speak internet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but _eloquently_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OOO BOIS I WAS OFFERED A SPOT ON THE ROCKET TEAM
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and its cool for them to wait for me to hear back from nasa
Bill: congrats!
Bill: Is this a professor lead like, internship lab?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): nope its other undergrads
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but its a VERY good project to put on a resume
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and a good way to spend the summer if i dont get an internship
Bill: mhmm. They get funding I assume?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): anywhere from 6K - 12K
Bill: There's something to differentiate from just a bunch of guys in a basement with a rocket kit.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): per rocket
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye rutgers gives them monies
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHOA thats cray
Aldus Larian (Jess): congrats on rocketting
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THANK!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so this summer im doing some level of fun physics
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): relief!
Bill: You earned it. 😁
N🆗ri (Marisa): TEAM ROCKET
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): congrats!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): is the leader's name Giovanni?
N🆗ri (Marisa): I wanna go back to patisserie swallowtail
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lets go
N🆗ri (Marisa): That chocolate mousse and banana Holland lip ear on the bottom right looks so good
N🆗ri (Marisa): strawberry chocolate mousse on the top, the netherland dwarf cake is orange, black tea, and lemon mousse
Aldus Larian (Jess): I want both the bottom ones
N🆗ri (Marisa): it used to be a butler cafe but they got rid of the butlers so now it's just a carry-out cake stand on the first floor of a cat store
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): why do people apologize for emailing so late at night
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like i dont mind, its not gonna wake me up, and ill see it as soon as i wake up
N🆗ri (Marisa): Sometime phones ding
Might ding loudly
Might wake everyone
Or they may apologize for how long it took to respond, or apologize as a means to let you know you don’t need to respond ASAP
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ding
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Bill: Gah!
Bill: I hate my desk!
N🆗ri (Marisa): What did it do to you
Bill: The hutch cabinets get in the way of my monitors so I have limited options for *HaCkEr* arrangements.
