Bill: At the resolution it's at, I keep thinking my icon is Jaehee.
Bill: > Contractor is putting up new doors in the house
> He starts with the door to my bathroom
> Trying to leave in a half hour to look at an apartment
> Can't shower cause there's *no door to the room*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Is that the only shower in your house?
Bill: My parents were already up so I used the one in the master bedroom. Just awkward.
Bill: Today’s a good excuse to bust out the light, airy, ~~not depressed~~, bright clothes tho.
Bill: Smol but nice apartment this morning on rt 15. I’d have to apply for it right now though and I think if I wait I can get a bigger place around the same price.
Bill: Also a neighboring place, didn’t get details but saw the apartment. Outside price range but. 1 bedroom with a freaking loft.
Bill: That was neat.
Bill: Wanna talk to the people there when they’re actually there.
Bill: <@!350855105123319808> hows the traffic on rt15 south between Jefferson diner and Dover, around between 6:30 and 7:30?
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's a good pic of you billiam
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lofts are neat
Bill: Maybe I’ll get one of the photographers at the meetup to get a few for my profile.
Bill: Ye it was a neat layout.
Tikur (Kurtis): Traffic then usually isn't too bad since it's before theain rush
Nokri (Marisa): WOAH
Aldus Larian (Jess): MC always on her phone smh
Nokri (Marisa): i'm the only one online
my channel now
Nokri (Marisa): me and my two minions
Nokri (Marisa): i hereby dub this The Kingdom of Iirua
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo nice I like it
Nokri (Marisa): thanks you're now an archduke
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Neato
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh yeah I saw the mobile icon yesterday too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Amazon stop...*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Nokri (Marisa): You get home from work and there’s a note taped to your door
*we miss you -amazon shopping*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *It's been 2 days since you've bought something from us...*
Nokri (Marisa): After a week of increased notes you buy a camera from them. You set it up outside. When you check the feed you see amazon trucks driving by slowly at all hours of the day, and deliverers lurking in the shadows late at night.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): After a month, Alexa herself shows up at my house and sneaks into my room
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://coupana.com/products/hexagonal-led-lamps?variant=29223807909970
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I want it
Bill: SAME
Bill: I saw those the other day.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woahhh
