Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): These hoodies kinda ugly damn
Nokri (Marisa): labbinak be lookin like mike wazowski
El🆓de Faun (Tom): She got on the cover of a magazine?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm pretty sure that's just rooster teeths story
Aldus Larian (Jess): I am a fool 
I didn't realise it was a reference
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Holy crap
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Expense
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _for aviators?_
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao you could get those for like $5
Nokri (Marisa): But yang wore those herself
Nokri (Marisa): It’s like the gamer girl bathwater
Nokri (Marisa): But with yang and sunglasses
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Where were you like a year ago when those first came out and we had the discussion of how expensive they are? Lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i was gonna treat myself for accepting the nasa internship but with THESE prices? oof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof yeah
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Definitely treat yo self
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But to something nicer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wow it took forever for the screen to refresh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but i have OFFICIALLY accepted the NASA internship for fall!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YAAAAYYY
Bill: Congrats.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im gonna buy things to reward myself
Dizzy: Hello! I made it a'okay!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Good job dizzy
Bill: I should have gone to bed 2 hours ago.
Bill: Here I am, updating dizzy.
Bill: I guess I'm not going into the office tomorrow.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Okay, I do believe everything is configured for the instance that runs dizzy to scrape the apartment prices from the complex I liked for the apartment I want and send them to me in an email every morning.
Bill: overkill, maybe.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Maybe
El🆓de Faun (Tom): But fun
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Neet
Bill: ~~hopefully I catch a price drop and I don't need the script anymore owo~~
Bill: boo it didn't run.
Bill: fixed it!
Bill: Also found out the prices update sometime in the last twenty minutes, so I know checking at 9:30 will get me new prices. 50 bucks is a surprisingly large change day to day, I would have assumed more static pricing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the complex changes their prices everyday? 😮
Bill: Ye.
Bill: They called it market pricing, have yet to google if there's a formula for that.
Bill: supply and demand kinda thing?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea probably. but damn everyday
Nokri (Marisa): Freaky
Bill: Last night:
Bill: Today:
Bill: *Needless to say* I can't afford those prices. The hope is they drop significantly.
Aldus Larian (Jess): wtfff
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats so weird
Bill: It can be as weird as it wants if the prices keep going down LOL
Bill: This is what I'm *hoping* to do.
Aldus Larian (Jess): where is it
Nokri (Marisa): I think that’s pretty nice for that price but I’m not too familiar with nj’s prices aside from “big expensive”
Bill: Ye, very nice. Sdk Village Green, in budd lake.
Bill: Has two pools in the complex. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): nicu
Bill: The living room good and spacious for company, the den will be good for my office...
Nokri (Marisa): More pools and bigger than my house, I think it’s a good deal
North jersey rent is also double what rent costs in south jersey, come to south jersey 8)
Bill: Pros: you and Andrew
cons: everything else
Nokri (Marisa): We have tomatoes 8)
Bill: But also Jersey rent is hell.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you can rent a 2 bedroom in Montague for 800! 😂
Bill: It'll just be a 3~4 hour commute to NYC! 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA!
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah but I hear they’re at war with Capulet
Bill: lol
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah!!
Bill: I'd look towards sparta and newton, etc, but every mile up 206 from where I am adds to the commute.
Bill: budd lake I'm still near Netcong train station.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was kiddint anyway
Bill: tru, but is valid that it cheaper deeper into sussex.
Nokri (Marisa): Have you considered quitting your job and becoming a hermit 
It’d make commuting much easier
Bill: I can't go east either, cause rent SKYROCKETS past like, roxbury.
Nokri (Marisa): Because that place roxs
Bill: debatable but I like.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea its not really "north jersey" thats the problem its proximity to the city/job hubs
Bill: yup. closer to NYC, the more I'd need. And I'm not really interested in roommates so I gotta foot the whole rent.
Nokri (Marisa): The closest place to Philadelphia in New Jersey is one of the most run down and dangerous ghettos in the country <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: woo camden!
Nokri (Marisa): It used to be like north jersey, expensive and fancy, but there were some riots a while ago over police brutality and now we have what we have today
Bill: https://www.sdkvillagegreen.com/Floor-Plans.aspx#fp-3557246-2 other views of the floor plan.
Bill: Hmm... The only annoying bit would be connecting the tv in the living room to the computers in the den.
Bill: Too far to run cables.
Bill: Though I suppose I could setup gaming stuff in there too? 🤔
Bill: Be a waste since most of my activities are at my desk so I'd be in the smaller room all the time.
Bill: worm the best layout for office and living room with connection between office computers and tv is the two bed room.
Nokri (Marisa): oh, worm?
Aldus Larian (Jess): 🐛
Nokri (Marisa): 🐛
El🆓de Faun (Tom): :worm:
Bill: It's bug.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's dumb
Bill: Theoretically the steam link should work and that'll support whatever controller I wanna use from the couch in the living room but I've only had so so luck with the steam link here (on wifi tho)... My laptop is portable...
Bill: Actually I only use my desktop for games, what if I just. Set that up in the main room and circumvented the whole need....
Bill: Also fuck I'mma need to get my own cloudstation for data backups, like my lightroom files...
Nokri (Marisa): how about a box of sd cards instead
Nokri (Marisa): shoebox of cards and usb drives
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): love yona. so good. so pure.
Nokri (Marisa): only kills when needed
Bill: You *better* be backing up your photos.
Nokri (Marisa): yona's great
Nokri (Marisa): i made a dress out of the fabric i was gonna make a new yona shirt out of, but there's plenty of fabric left still for another yona shirt
Nokri (Marisa): im hoping i find the old one first
Bill: I have absolutely no motivation today.
Bill: https://nellawashere.tumblr.com/ I found an artist who does pixel art rwby stuff.
Bill: 
Bill: So I looked at a townhome saturday, alternative to renting, and while I didn't like that one she said she'd send some other matches over.
Bill: She sent ones that are like, not even 10 minutes from my house.
Bill: They nice but I dunno how I feel about not actually leaving Byram. 😅
Aldus Larian (Jess): me and tom were looking at town house but HOA fees are insane around here and dont cover all that much
Bill: this development is 348 a month oof.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeet
Aldus Larian (Jess): which development?
Bill: https://goo.gl/maps/ABB124WtUJKiQu359
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea ones i was looking at had them as igh as 450
Bill: Like, the whole reason I'm looking around here versus closer to work is I've decided whats important is staying near friends/family... 

But I think these would just be *too* close to my parent's house. 😅
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol its ok my parents wat us to buy the house next door to them
Bill: *lol*
Bill: Ngl I expected to hear that at least once when they finished renovating the neighbor's house.
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg that house is huge tho
Bill: Oh ye I don't need that much space.
Bill: But.
Bill: I figured Mom would say it for the neighbor thing. XD
Bill: Though she called me earlier; my aunt (sort of) lives in Denville in a duplex and her neighbor is moving.
Bill: Thankfully Mom was only checking; moving next door like that would be LARGE oof.
Bill: https://emailrpt.gsmls.com/public/show_public_report_rpt.do?emailsite=Y&report=clientfull&Id=169182617_664616 <- two places in that complex.
Bill: I dunno if the link will work.
Bill: These are also pretty big for just me I *think*.
Tikur (Kurtis): Just saying 348 is the lower end for his feea
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea and that sill like <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats still like 4 grand a year and then you have taxes, and home repairs and ugh
Tikur (Kurtis): Yep it just covers alot of outside stuff like lawn maintenance, power washing for siding ect.
Bill: Though, overall a mortgage is cheaper than rent!
Bill: so you make some of it back.
Tikur (Kurtis): Kinda, just makes it so you don't have to pay for some community things.
Tikur (Kurtis): It's worth but at the same time you want to make sure the HOA is actually good and does stuff.
Bill: Oh I just mean a mortgage over 30 years can be cheaper monthly than rent.
Aldus Larian (Jess): in most cases mortgage is "cheaper" but home maintenance can still be spence
Bill: Oh yeah.
Aldus Larian (Jess): being an adult is dumb
Bill: OOOOh yeah.
Bill: Sigh. If I were to really looking into buying I gotta do bank stuff.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaaa 😫
Aldus Larian (Jess): big mood
Bill: I dunno anything about this but it *sounds* useful.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres actually a few programs like that in jersey, and im sure other states too
Aldus Larian (Jess): some through the federal government too i believe?
Bill: THat's jersey.
Bill: https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/mortgages/new-jersey-first-time-home-buyer-programs/
Bill: Some other stuff there as well.
Bill: Now I'm curious what I can get. Not that I should look at buying quite yet
