Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It issss
Aldus Larian (Jess): everything i find on Netflix i find interesting id foreign so i watch the dub and netflix has the like same 5 people do all their dubs.
Andrew: pretty much funimationa dn all anime dubs
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ooooh fuck me up i love this pedal
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it make me sound KEWL
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooh what did you get???
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A distortion pedal 😎
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): MXR brand, 40 dolla
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): nice <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it was funny too the guy was like "heres the 100 milliamps  pedal, make sure to note the amps, that means current"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): me and my physics ass: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Me cuz I went to middle school: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's like when I used to go get car parts and the guys in store would be like "are you SURE you don't need any help, miss?" And I'd be like ~~its just an oil change. It literally says exactly what I need in the manual~~
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> https://theinventory.com/get-better-audio-out-of-your-smartphone-with-this-mobil-1834173306 most of this stuff is out of your price range, but ideas.
Bill: The smaller deck ferry needs to go, it’s warm enough other people come up here and it’s getting crowded.
Bill: I should also stop taking the ferry, it’s 7 bucks a trip rather than the 2.75 subway.
Bill: The ferry is so NIIIICE tho.
Bill: And we all know I have the impulse control of a child so.
Bill: ~~also I think some girl was staring at me but I couldn’t tell cause sunglasses.
Tikur (Kurtis): But the subway is hell
Bill: Can be.
Bill: It’s not too crowded when I leave the office in the afternoon. Cause I leave early.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn today looks a beautiful day to sit in sun and read a book
Aldus Larian (Jess): Why do I have to work
Bill: Mood. If I was at home I could work outside.
Bill: There’s a line for something outside world trade. That’s different.
Bill: Not different is I’ve seen the same woman doing her makeup on the stairs in Brookfield Place twice.
Bill: Just sitting in the stairs.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Smells like my allergies are gonna murder me today
Aldus Larian (Jess): I take the Zyrtec
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): If I was home I could play Minecraft outside
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): speaking of which, my mom made a comment yesterday about me sitting on my ass while I was Minecrafting yesterday and saying I could go for a walk
Bill: This guy has two different colored sneakers. NYC a trip.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Meanwhile all she does when she's home is also sit on her ass doing stuff
Bill: Pollen was worse yesterday. But I’m in NYC so probably different.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): NEETO
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Love that sweet sweet hypocritical behavior
Aldus Larian (Jess): 👌
Bill: Guy walking in front of me.
Slows down
Shifts girl next to him to the other side
She smiles
They hold hands
They a couple, he blocking people from bumping into her as they walk
I gag
Damn couples, you shouldn’t get to walk to work together too.
Bill: I’m so glad I wore shorts today. That walk from the ferry was pleasant.
Bill: Our new hire ACTUALLY starts today.
Bill: also glad cause I had mild anxiety about not wearing jeans, since jeans is already stretching our dress code. But Gord is not here today... and our dress code isn't actually enforced.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol nj.com is doing a series about "unknown parts of NJ" and my hometown was featured
Aldus Larian (Jess): "Montague, like much of Sussex County, is politically conservative and lacking in diversity. Nine in 10 Montague residents are white, according to the most recent Census figures, and one in 4 are at least 60 years old." ye-haw
Bill: HA
Bill: I SOLVED SOMETHING
Bill: Usually Sheema figures this shit out before I do but I got it’
Bill: FUCK NUMBERS THO
Aldus Larian (Jess): when you spill coffee on your white shirt <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Oof.
Bill: Starbucks barista called me on doing Keto lol. She said she does the same with vanilla and cinnamon dolce.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea it big trend rn
Bill: I was saying to the office, it's not... really something you should do if you don't have a lot of weight to lose. imo.
Bill: It's not healthy way of living long term.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Bill: Also Jing is a fucking twig so I dunno what fat she wants to lose.
Bill: ~~unlike Danny I know better than to say that aloud though~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): did she say she wants to lose weight?
Bill: Yeah. "I just must have some fat". Like... I understand wanting to eat less, healther, whatever goal you have for yourself. I can understand pretty much anything. But I just don't think she can healthy *lose* any weight.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): alot of people always tell me i dont need to lose weight but its usually more like im trying to not *gain* weight which my body does extremely easily. or im trying to lose like 5 pounds from not dieting for a lil while
Bill: Like, I promise I'm not knocking her like 'she's thin already how could she want to lose weight'. I just. Cannot see anyway for her to get smaller.
Bill: And she eats like a *truck* normally.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the dream
Bill: Damn asians.
Bill: But anyway. Keto not really for extended periods unless you got lots of weight to lose.
Bill: imo.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): correct me if im wrong, but is keto just cutting out all carbs? or is it further than that
Bill: I think that's it? technically?
Bill: I don't actually do that, I saw a nutritionist when I was a kid, got a diet plan that was basically "no more than 5g carbs in 5 hour period" and that worked then, so I do that now.
Bill: ~~course when I was a kid I doubt I plateaued this much~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): so your body uses carbs for energy, if it doesn't have carbs it enters a state called "ketosis" in which instead of burning carbs for energy it burns fat
Bill: You know that kinda ironic cause when a shit ton of carbs I just get tired as hell.
Bill: So I dunno bout you but I doubt my body using it for energy. More likely a nap.
Aldus Larian (Jess): that could be cuz its converting the starchy carb to glucose?
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz technically its glucose your body burns not "carbs"
Bill: Maybe. I ain't trying to find out.
N🆗ri (Marisa): science experiment
Bill: I'm hoping the magic bullet of three starbucks coffees with fatty heavy cream and fasting for the day actually works.
Bill: It worked twice last week, didn't work with just starbucks and fasting, so...
Bill: American eagle has 70% clearance sale rn.
Bill: If anyone wants cheap stuff. Gotta get it fast tho.
Bill: By the time I scrolled through stuff got pulled from my cart.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Claritin is currently failing me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m sneezing and my nose has been running all morning
Bill: Poor thing.
Bill: Get Allegra.
Bill: Jess I blame you for this, the weather is good and I’ve been like, generally happier than the last two weeks.
Bill: Apparently my mood is tied to the weather like yours.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Claritin has never failed me in the four years I’ve taken it before 😭
N🆗ri (Marisa): this sounds like an advertising scheme
Bill: You build up resistances.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t like this weather, too warm, I like it cold
Bill: But I’ve always found Claritin useless.
Bill: Allegra better.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Spring is my least favorite season
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The bugs and the allergies and the warm is not fun
Bill: Flowers and photos.
Bill: Fall is definitely better but I’m sick of getting rain and snow.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I use Zyrtec if its good enough to stop toms pet allergies is good enough for me
Bill: Allegra the good shit. Trust me, I’m always right unless it’s something that involves my self esteem. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): we all use diff allergy meds xD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Fall > Winter > Summer > Spring
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): mood georgia
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): same
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Spring is the shittier summer
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): spring is trash
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _not even flower photos are worth_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Fall photos are best
Aldus Larian (Jess): Summer > Spring > Fall > Winter
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Fall is best
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My order is Fall > Summer > Spring > Winter
Aldus Larian (Jess): i feel like i havent even had a proper fall in a few years
Aldus Larian (Jess): it just goes from hot and sticky to cold and wet
N🆗ri (Marisa): if you want a good fall someone can trip you
N🆗ri (Marisa): put some cushions down first maybe
a planned fall
Bill: Yeah we don’t get spring or fall really here.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I thought Fall was really nice two years ago
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I remember shooting with Ben it was GORGEOUS
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Just a bit cold so I didn’t overheat in Pyrrha but nice and dry
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And it was that way for a couple weeks
Bill: It’s a very limited window.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 2 years ago, das like 40 years ago!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I find October and November pleasant
Bill: Mhmm. It’s just such a short period. Spring rolls into summer so it lasts longer.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I am literally only alive May - September
Aldus Larian (Jess): April begins the awakening
Aldus Larian (Jess): soon i emerge
Aldus Larian (Jess): how is it only 12:30
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmfao
i just overheard my coworker say "I minored in sports journalism but i forgot about the fact that i cant write"
Bill: LOL Benadryl is a fucking trip.
Bill: It's either sleep or get so tired it's like truth serum.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think ive taken it like twice my entire life
Bill: Yeaaah.
Bill: Good times.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I realized I don't know where my bear feet are
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 😭
N🆗ri (Marisa): probably confiscated because they weren't bear arms and aren't protected as a constitutional right
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So sad 😥😭
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m in a different lab section today so I can get my lab done and still see endgame
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Time to HULK SMASH through social awkwardness to find a partner wheee
N🆗ri (Marisa): one time in my lab class we were doing a thing that required us to partner up 4 times
well on the 4th time there was no one to partner with me despite having an even number of students, so someone must have partnered twice when they weren't supposed to
the teacher was like "who did it" and no one fessed up so the entire class had to waste 20 minutes going over everyone's results to find the one person who messed up the entire class experiment

but anyway in a class of like 30 people no one wanted to be my partner <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): i would have been your parnter
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): our lab partners were always whoever sat next to us
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which was usually in alphabetical order
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so partners usually ended up being the same for different classes
Andrew: SO at work today there was this family with a small girl andf they were looking at the baguettes and the dad asked her if she wanted them she said yues then he was like is that becasue Ladybug is French?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn that called out by dad
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): wtf thats so cute
N🆗ri (Marisa): That’s the precursor to
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA that's what I was thinking of
