El🆓de Faun (Tom): you already know i cant resist the cat ears
Aldus Larian (Jess): picrew is life i think ive done this one before o well
Aldus Larian (Jess): i make <@!351785752197201920>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it him!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YAASSS
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <333
Bill: Moving the furniture in my parents office for the painting to start tomorrow and we centered the desks and it’s super command center like
Bill: *Cardiologist was like “don’t do any too strenuous activity while you’re being monitored” and these desks are heavy soooo*

He’ll have plenty of data to work with at least 😅
Nokri (Marisa): are you risking your life to list tables <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: Nah.
Bill: Should switch the sides on these? The bulletin board is doorframe to wall on the left, but it took forever to get the posters up when Jen and Jeremy were here. ~~and the poster wall has tons of pin holes and scratches now ooo~~
Bill: The board is HIGH up on the left too, to not block switches. It’s like Erik height.
Nokri (Marisa): not unless your doctor clears you for strenuous activity <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hmm I don't think it's going to make a difference eighteen way it's going to have to be that high up either way since there's a switch in that side too
Bill: The other wall is longer, it should fit entirely to the left of the switch on the right wall.
Bill: Or, it could be turned so the long side is vertical.
Aldus Larian (Jess): True
Bill: That’d be off balance though. 🤔
Bill: Unless a poster over the switch would balance it but idk...
Bill: The board doesn’t look bad where it is. 🤔
Bill: But it’s a odd position.
Aldus Larian (Jess): The switch itself could be the balencer as line as you center the board between switch and wall it would be fine but I think you could just leave it as well
Bill: That’s a good idea but I don’t think it’d work here, the switch is pretty low. The bulletin board would reach halfway to the floor.
Aldus Larian (Jess): No I don't mean like in line with the switch I just mean like using the switch as the other vertical point with the left wall? Idk how to explain
Bill: Yeah I’m sorry I can’t quite piece together what you’re saying. 😭
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Draw!
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): But that might still be too low.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nudge to the left a lil more actually but ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): Center between pinks instead left and right wall (purple)
Bill: AH I know what you mean now!
Bill: I held it up in that spot, I’m not a big fan of the vertical but I think I’ll try the horizontal, poster unmounting be damned.
Nokri (Marisa): *your doctor's orders* <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea still to low prob
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye there ya go
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea that's better
Bill: Poster weird on just one side?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Without stuff on the board, yes. But idk if itll look less weird once theres things on the board
Aldus Larian (Jess): Too close for me, if you had something long and skinny I'd say it's fine
Bill: 
Bill: The left side isn’t great cause one of the vertical prints is an inch longer than the other but it’s not super noticeable.
Bill: This is fantastic tho. Totally worth tearing all the posters down to have tried this.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea. That looks better
Bill: Can play with what to put on the other side of the board.
Bill: For now I don’t want to leave it empty cause it look empty.
Aldus Larian (Jess): In that like 4 inch space?
Bill: I meant the space over the light switch lol
Bill: Sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo lmao I was like uhhhh
Bill: Badge border!
Nokri (Marisa): o that's a neat idea. i was gonna make a dress out of mine some day
Nokri (Marisa): ooo i forgot otakon used to let you choose your badge!! i wonder what i chose
Nokri (Marisa): aww 2011 isn't in my box but 2013 is sword art for me. i guess they switched in 2014? mine has an original design, but it's also a dealer's badge so maybe only dealers didn't get to pick. 2015 is definitely original though
Bill: I don’t have a lot of stuff for this yet.
Nokri (Marisa): i stopped keeping track of how many anime cons i've been to sometime after like the 50th
Nokri (Marisa): jlpt!!
Nokri (Marisa): oldies but goodies
Nokri (Marisa): looking at old badge art is like gazing upon embarassing childhood photos
Nokri (Marisa): that year zenkaikon was in a giant garage
Nokri (Marisa): and it still managed to be an upgrade from the singular hallway it was previously held it
Nokri (Marisa): and it was a friday-saturday con the garage year!! that messed a lot of people up because they'd bought two day badges and assumed it was a saturday-sunday con, so we had a lot of sad people on saturday that missed a whole day of the convention
Nokri (Marisa): and kotoricon used to be *just* the cafeteria lol. matsumura sensei was one of their special guests
Nokri (Marisa): would zenkaikon let me in for free if i did a panel talking about the last 12 years of their con
Nokri (Marisa): sorry for spam i like cons
Bill: Include something about progressive culture and you’ll get in 👌🏻
Bill: Bitches love progressive culture
Nokri (Marisa): not with the way the con is currently being run <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): zenkai's headed back to the dark ages
Bill: The attendees will love it tho
Bill: It’s an easy pick for a lazy staff.
Nokri (Marisa): i don't really know how to talk about progressive culture tho, i assume everyone already knows about it
Nokri (Marisa): and i can't do a panel on cosplaying while black/disabled/overweight
Nokri (Marisa): i could do a panel on japanese cosplay hacks
Nokri (Marisa): give everyone a tape facelift
Bill: I’m being sarcastic, you should just submit something you’d want to talk about.
Nokri (Marisa): OH
YOU SAID BEFORE SOMETHING ABOUT BANGS GIVING YOU A ROUND FACE OR SOMETHIN
Nokri (Marisa): TRY THE TAPE TRICK
Nokri (Marisa): EVERYONE in japan does it when cosplaying
Nokri (Marisa): like this person used it to improve their cosplay
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): first time in a japanese changing room was really weird watching everyone tape their face to their hair
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I need to do that
Kaio Vermino (Lee): What kind of tape do they use
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Nokri (Marisa): medical tape is the safest but sometimes people just used plain masking tape/painter's tape
Nokri (Marisa): ooo or this
Nokri (Marisa): the lift up tape
Nokri (Marisa): they might've sold that in cosplay makeup stores but i never really looked for it
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Gotta get me some of that for all genderbend cosplays ever
Nokri (Marisa): they've got all sorts of really cool tricks
Nokri (Marisa): it sucks that we can't use their eye makeup tutorials though because they're all for monolid eyes
Kaio Vermino (Lee): They work for a lot of hooded type eyes though! Which some of us have. So maybe they might be helpful in some respects
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YE I GOT THOSE
Nokri (Marisa): do kids still plank. do they even know what planking is nowadays.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): As a sort of homage to the year 2014 (or whenever that was a thing) they do
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): According to the internet, planking was a 2011 thing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Which makes sense. I remember being in high school when it was
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Aghhhhh
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Damn
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea that's the year I graduated
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeee i remember that I was in middle school
Bill: 7 more minutes and I can take this stupid heart thing off and scratch the itch I've had under it for the last 24 freaking hours!
Nokri (Marisa): Itch somewhere else
Nokri (Marisa): If you have an itch you can’t scratch, scratch another part
Nokri (Marisa): Yo someone emailed me this job. $90 a day sign me UP
Aldus Larian (Jess): is it in japan?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah 😭 so I can’t apply anyway rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Glonk: Stay in Japan for the school semester, make bank, then fly back when school is done, rinse and repeat!
Nokri (Marisa): How do I get there <:woah:543194447345876998>
Glonk: https://media.tenor.com/images/a1a400167613be40fa5e4959c4129b34/tenor.gif
Glonk: Like that
Nokri (Marisa): OF COURSE how could I have been so blind
Nokri (Marisa): see y’all later here I go
Glonk: 👌👌👌
Nokri (Marisa): The hurricane in japan really messed up some areas
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Big oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Nokri (Marisa): Global warming weather phenomena:
Bill: Aaaaah good shower.
Nokri (Marisa): it wAS A LITTLE MORE THAN A SHOWER it was a FULL HURRICANE
Bill: I'm not talking about that...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So rumor has it that Green Day, Fall Out Boy, and Weezer are announcing a tour and also rumor that it will be their old material <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.rocksound.tv/news/read/it-looks-like-green-day-fall-out-boy-weezer-are-announcing-a-tour-together?fbclid=IwAR0Kso-UxXaaIfG4ZXzLoP9224f4xTdws2NMTkGOGihJCYo1MuqycAAJ3k8
Kaio Vermino (Lee): EXCUSE ME
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'll sell a kidney to go
Nokri (Marisa): You can get many tickets for a kidney. They are worth over two hundred thousand.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ...... I might just sell a kidney to sell one then
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG WHAT AHHHH
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WE GOTTA GO
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Guys we need to go if they announce it
Kaio Vermino (Lee): All of us
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Group concert experience
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): More like religious experience
Aldus Larian (Jess): YES PLZ
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LIKE THE EMO/ROCK/ALT TAKE CONTROL
Nokri (Marisa): I thought Georgia was Weezer.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my band mate mentioned something about it yesterday and then I saw this link on Facebook and was like <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Noah sent me a different link yesterday that wasn’t quite comprehensive
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But this one has me convinced
Aldus Larian (Jess): ticks are prob gonna be expensive tho D:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://hellamegatour.com/
Kaio Vermino (Lee): We better save up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): probs *very* expensive and will probably sell out immediately
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea 😭
Nokri (Marisa): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): My excitement can not be contained
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Thank god for NASA stipend
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That sweet sweet 11K is all going to hella mega 😂
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yall I'm like freaking out
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Today has been wild
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Give us the holy trinity
Bill: What's the last piece of the trinity, a Shrek reboot?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Chris says its real
Kaio Vermino (Lee): He has an email from the secret weezer fan club shit
Kaio Vermino (Lee): WHY DIDNT HE TELL ME
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ONE OF THE ONLY MUSIC DECOR WE HAVE IS FALL OUT BOY AND WEEZER
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ok calm down... <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Bill: nah, go run around with Bumble.
Bill: screw calm!
Kaio Vermino (Lee): My heart rate is like .... skyrocketing
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm excited but I'm also afraid of how much the tickets will be 😂
Bill: what are you expecting them to be around?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Most expensive I've ever paid for tickets was like 160 for fall out boy, panic, and I think paramore
Kaio Vermino (Lee): That was another holy trinity
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And I was floor seats.
Nokri (Marisa): Knowing nothing about concert tickets, I’d estimate they’d start at $250. 
Oh maybe I’m wrong then. I know nothing about concerts. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It depends on the venue
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And how early you buy
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And also what level seats
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I was a concert junkie before I even knew what cons were
Bill: I think I paid between 60 and 80 for Yellowcard and Weezer. Something like that?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea sounds right
Bill: err. those are two different concerts. I'd be the one hyperventilating if Yellowcard came back.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): For big bands like weezer the cheapest will prob be around 60-70
Nokri (Marisa): I paid $50 to sit on the grass at Symphony of the Goddesses a few years back
Concerts be crazy
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But all 3? Prob like 80-90 cheapest
Nokri (Marisa): Zelda and Hatsune Mike are the only concerts I’ve ever paid to see. I think miku was like $20
Nokri (Marisa): someone smacked me in the head with a leek
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oof
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It was really that cheap?! I've heard miku is super expensive now
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah! She was a guest at Anime Expo so you had to have an AX badge to be able to get tickets for the concert. It was her first show in the US, every subsequent concert of hers I’ve been to in Japan has been free with admission to other events
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea its def gonna be over 100
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ohhhh ok well in that case most people had to pay for the con ticket too.. so that's still a lot
Nokri (Marisa): Tru
Nokri (Marisa): Cons are the only thing I spend money on anymore so they’re included in my budget. BoJo scolded me when I offered to stop going to them because I never do anything else
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Aww, yea treat yo self!!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think The Killers was about $100 for floor seats at Wells Fargo Center
Aldus Larian (Jess): *starts selling stuff*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, that might have been with fees
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Catch me staying up all night waiting for info to drop
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do y'all usually splurge for floor seats when you go to concerts?
Bill: I made a point to not get lawn setting last time I was at PNC? Is that floor seating?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i ussually get whatevers cheapest but ive only been to a few concerts
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): floor would be like, right by the stage. lawn is usually the ones futher in the back
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I do. But that's mostly cause I've been in the nosebleeds before and had less fun
Aldus Larian (Jess): mostly indoor ive never done arena
Aldus Larian (Jess): well thats not true i saw FOB in arena
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Arena is scary. But I get emotional when they do slow songs with the lights from people phones
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The 3 concerts I went to at Wells Fargo I was in 3 different areas. Roger Waters was like, normal stadium seating level. Weezer was floor level. Panic was nosebleeds
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Nosebleeds was definitely more anxiety inducing because of the height and steepness
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Floor was too loud and had trouble actually hearing the music
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye i could see that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I honestly really prefered the stadium level
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i think i would too? esspecially if tom wants to go too he cant deal with sound that loud
Kaio Vermino (Lee): P much anything not nosebleeds is good for me
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Unless it's like the seats at stadium heights that are literally right by the speakers
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Fuck that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): This was about where I was sitting each time
Kaio Vermino (Lee): When I was on the floor for fob I was in like 6 or 5. Sound wasnt too loud there but visability of the stage was prob the same as the stadium seats you were in
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I liked where I was for Roger Waters, right on the bend there because I wasn't perpendicular to the stage
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i was like where u were for panic for fall out boy and honestly it was fine, close to bathrooms and exists ~and alcohol~ not extremly loud
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but also not head on all the way in the back
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Side seats are pretty good and bend seats ye
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Will my bed frame arrive today? It is a mystery...* <:itisamystery:601092590368063523>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): MY SPIDER CAUGHT A LANTERN FLY!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): kinda wish I had sen it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My boss be like: we don’t have any more work for you today so here’s two hours of nasa videos to watch til you can leave
Nokri (Marisa): dang how clean are the floors?
Bill: Reasons to not get ice cream: I’ll get all bloated before swimsuit con
Reason to get ice cream: I always look bloated!
Bill: *cliffs is on the way home*
Bill: *Ya'll are supposed to be either impulse control or enablers XD*
Aldus Larian (Jess): are u gon listen to me if i say not too tho?
Bill: too late, I already stopped and got home. 😅
Dizzy: You should choose play fire emblem
Bill: !choose pack for CCE, start another one shot, putz with clip studio, play fire emblem, nap
Bill: 👀 But I've done so much of that Dizzy
El🆓de Faun (Tom): should have asked:
Dizzy: You should choose Fire emblem
El🆓de Faun (Tom): !choose Fire emblem, fire emblem, fire EMBLEM
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Not to be annoying with the concert shit but apparently rivers had an interview where he said they are dropping new music as well as the tour????
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Didn't they *just* drop a new album plus their cover album?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who's rivers?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Weezer frontman
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): I figured it was someone from Weezer cuz I know the members of the other two 😂
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea they kinda did
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Idk why they would have another album now? But whatever
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'll take it
Andrew: Oh boy allergies are killing me
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Same yo oof
Nokri (Marisa): it's kill or be killed
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It's floweys fault?
