Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Going through old clothes to get rid of (finally) and I found an old pair of jeans I probably haven't worn since 2015 (aka before I started wearing skinny jeans)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Such relaxed. Very boot cut. Wow
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Getting rid of these tshirts in case anyone wants them? They're unisex size large
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo i like the killers one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If Jess doesn’t take Killers I will
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Star Wars too 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Catch me sending these flannels back to goodwill after wearing them a few times last year and deciding I don't like them anymore
Nokri (Marisa): uuuUUUGHHh
Aldus Larian (Jess): double rip fam
Nokri (Marisa): When will my computer return from the update war
Nokri (Marisa): I’m so lost without it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): im sorry
Nokri (Marisa): These are tough times. Never know what’ll happen when.
Nokri (Marisa): All we can really do is keep an eye on the farm, pray, and keep an eye out on the old dirt road just in case that familiar silhouette shows up over the horizon.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _wait Erik_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _that blue one is pretty sweet_
El🆓de Faun (Tom): we live in a society
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@245270932602486784> tis a size mans xl
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Would be a hella comfy sleep shirt 👌🏻
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hmmmmm XL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeee I’ll take it if you’re just gonna donate otherwise
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): neato <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I just saw someone selling their car on facebook marketplace and it says "This has been exclusively female driven"?? like ok?  i dont see how thats of note?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao
El🆓de Faun (Tom): GRASS FED
Aldus Larian (Jess): i do not see how this is relevant information
Bill: well boys have cooties so.
Aldus Larian (Jess): also it was a guy selling it
Aldus Larian (Jess): like it was his wifes
Nokri (Marisa): I like when sign ups show how many people have signed up, because it justifies me preparing to sign up hours in advance and sitting and waiting and hiding my time and then signing up immediately when registration opens. Then when I think “gee, maybe this wasn’t necessary and I could have signed up whenever,” I glance at the guest list and it’s got over 150 people less than 5 minutes after registration went live who obviously did the same thing I did <:pew:543202259085950996> 
Vindication
Aldus Larian (Jess): whatchu signin up for
Nokri (Marisa): Rowan is having a free dig day for alumni next month and BoJo has talked about how she wanted to go see the fossil park for years since it opened but we were never sure if we could just waltz up there, so I figured this was the perfect chance to get her in it to go see it
Nokri (Marisa): Their community dig days seem really popular, articles say they draw 2k+ people
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh damn
Aldus Larian (Jess): that sounds cool
Nokri (Marisa): *lol you’re too slow, e-mail notification*
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah! It says you can dig stuff up and take home any fossils you find, but I think they also have educational movies and whatnot in case she doesn’t want to get dig in the mud all morning
Nokri (Marisa): I wanted to sign my nephews up too but i think my sister and her wife are usually too busy on weekends and we can only sign up 4 people
Nokri (Marisa): My sister drunk dialed me at like 8:30 am yesterday <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): AHHH
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats so late/early
Nokri (Marisa): She works until 5am and usually drinks after work when she gets home, so I guess she continued the tradition at her new job? I missed the call and called her back like 20 minutes later and she was half asleep in bed admitting she probably drunk dialed me
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOO ok that makes a litle more sense then
Nokri (Marisa): This is really cool
https://soranews24.com/2019/08/28/new-black-light-train-groper-stamps-sell-out-in-japan-on-their-first-day-on-the-market/
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Hmm I feel like it would be really hard to find the person idk
Nokri (Marisa): it's already pretty hard to catch gropers, they get away 99.99% of the time, but this could help in the search. if someone gropes you and then runs off the train like what happened with me, it's kind of hard to go back and tell the police "yeah he was a guy with short black hair about 5 and a half feet tall in a red shirt," because tokyo is HUGE and there are 500 people at that tiny train station that match that exact description. if these become widespread, women can say "someone groped me and I stamped their shirt/their backpack/their hand, here's their description" and then police can quickly check people who match that description with the light.
Nokri (Marisa): i don't remember if he was caught or not but i remember this guy on the news after groping a high school girl and trying to run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmrJ3GFmjBY
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah that's true
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I'm going to hit up the coffee trifecta today in honor of Coffee Wars
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I already had my Wawa, so I'm going to stop at Dunkin after work, drink that on my way to Starbucks, and then get Starbucks for the rest of the ride home
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): an absolute madman
Nokri (Marisa): t-that's so much coffee
tell whatever deity you meet we say hi
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm gonna have to pee so badly when I get home
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): actually the absolute madman move would be to hit up all three on the way home since I pass by Wawa anyway
Aldus Larian (Jess): how much sugar yall put in your coffee? like whats a normal amount?
Aldus Larian (Jess): this is for science
Aldus Larian (Jess): i know only like 3 of u drink it but
Bill: I put three packets of fake sugar I mine. And cream. And sugar free Starbucks syrup.
Bill: I am anything but normal.
Aldus Larian (Jess): well i drink black which also isnt normal lol
Bill: Blacks normal?
Bill: That’s why it has a short name?
Aldus Larian (Jess): No?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I feel like "cream and sugar" is normal
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im like 1 or 2 people i know who drink black
Kaio Vermino (Lee): No sugar, just nondairy creamers if I do have it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I only add sweetened flavored creamers to mine
Aldus Larian (Jess): coo coo
Aldus Larian (Jess): i had a friend who used to put 13 sugars in her coffee
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jeez
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:shrek:554719881216524310>
Aldus Larian (Jess): eventually she learned she just didnt like coffee
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd say a "normal amount" would be like 1-3 packets
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaa ok thats what i figured?
Aldus Larian (Jess): if you didnt have flavored creamer would you just not drink it?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): I dump the entire cup of coffee out and replace it with water.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): As you know I only use a bit of creamer
Glonk: 1 pack at most
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I dont really like coffee, but sometimes I need the caffeine so I load up on creamers so it doesn't taste as bad to me
Aldus Larian (Jess): gothcha, thanks dudes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've also used half and half with no sugar but that's usually at diners with those smol mugs
Nokri (Marisa): i like swolfy's method
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not my 24oz daily
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I broke my Instastory for having too many gifs
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I GOTS AN OFFICE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): THATS AWESOME
Kaio Vermino (Lee): You even have a name card!!
Nokri (Marisa): *doxxed*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OFFICE <:rise:582318089228648456>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): LOOK AT YOU! GO GEORGIA! 🎉
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I can listen to music on my headphones while I work too!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And my coworkers are very nice
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats awesome! 🎉
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah! Woo!
Tikur (Kurtis): Y'all Jalapeño kettle chips are the bomb dot com
Bill: YUP
Bill: Love those.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm watching Will's livestream of testing different coffees. I'm intrigued
Nokri (Marisa): ~~wow Biru you didn’t tell us you were having a fashion show~~
Bill: What?
Nokri (Marisa): :3c
Aldus Larian (Jess): OwO
Bill: ,...
Nokri (Marisa): (๑╹ω╹๑ )
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@245270932602486784> you good?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lol ya its supposed to be a category 3
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theyre saying just to batten down the hatches
