El🆓de Faun (Tom): Cute!
Tikur (Kurtis): So cuteeeeeee! 😍
Nokri (Marisa): HES IN POSITION
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): I CAN'T USE THE COMPUTER BECAUSE HE KEEPS SEEING THE MOUSE MOVING ON THE SCREEN AND THWAPPING IT BUT IT'S A TOUCHSCREEN
Nokri (Marisa): Thwappy boy pls let me meme
Nokri (Marisa): BOY PLEASE
Bill: Tables setup and parents came for dinner. Am tired.
Nokri (Marisa): did you try turning the table off and on again
Aldus Larian (Jess): he gonna make his own blog
Nokri (Marisa): this apartment is $150 a month
would you rent it
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): its got more counterspace than i have!
Nokri (Marisa): ~~the counter is also the bed~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmmm but 150 is cheap af
Aldus Larian (Jess): i sleep on floor
Nokri (Marisa): that works
economical
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh nice you can prep your meals and take a piss at the same time!
Aldus Larian (Jess): HELL YEA convenient
Bill: I’ve been trying to get into bullet journaling recently and some of the pages people post look amazing but. I can’t help think it took them the whole week the page represents to make the page/they’d be able to do the tasks in the time it takes to decorate the list of tasks.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I tried and it got to be such a chore to decorate it lol but some people are really artsy and creative and use it as a way to express that which is probably one of their goals for bullet journalling
Bill: I've got a much more productivity focus going on for now 😅
Bill: I've never found paging through notes app on my phone/evernote like software as useful for sporadic notes though, so it's nice to do.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I used it mainly as a to-do list and calendar but then I just started making my to-do lists on scrap paper and using my phone calendar more
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was using it as a sketch book for a while, but then I didn't like making decent sketches on dotted paper lol
Bill: Yeee phone calendars are better cause you always have your phone.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I was at a light I could take a right on red at but instead I just completely zonned out listening to music for 30 seconds. But no one honked at me! So that's cool
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh no what light?!
Aldus Larian (Jess): The one getting off fifteen
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh yeeee
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just sat there are the light like 😴
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm trying a new method for posting. Saw another cosplayer do this where they post the full pic in the first photo, and then they do a closeup, splitting it between 2-3 additional photos, but so that when you swipe, it looks like one seamless image
Bill: 
Bill: > immediately goes out on deck to see if I can spot it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ok, I really like doing the close up thing with a wide shot, so I'm recommending this app (or similar for iOS)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I've been getting a lot of God of Tee emails lately because I bought one (1) shirt from them four years ago and I'm finally looking at some of the designs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they're all Hitchhiker's Guide themed because that's what I bought last time
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd wear the shit out of this
Bill: Big you energy yeah.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!245270932602486784>
Bill: Dad made Pangalactic Gargle Blasters in college. I think I still have the note where I wrote down what he put in it.
Bill: So.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can get an updated version of the one I bought last time
Bill: I had an idea for a Claude Lysithea fic on the drive home yesterday. `Claude and Hilda watch Lysithea roast a guy` was the phrase to remember it. So, I turned on siri and had siri make a reminder.

What Siri heard is QUITE different:

`At a dildo wash Lisythea Rooster Guy`
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lmao
Bill: of all the names to get right though, even with a type, Lysithea?
Bill: https://kotaku.com/my-language-learning-app-has-a-leaderboard-and-its-ruin-1837407062
Bill: https://lifehacker.com/how-to-make-the-pomodoro-technique-even-more-effective-1837410303
Bill: Where’d this rain come from damn.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the sky
Bill: https://tenor.com/view/hopeless-disappointed-ryan-reynolds-facepalm-embarrassed-gif-5436796
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: I was going to go to wal mart over lunch but I guess not.
Aldus Larian (Jess): its already stopped here
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe rained for 20 mins?
Bill: Ah, then maybe I can still go.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yall im so bored
Bill: same.
Bill: Started unpacking a box in my desk.
Bill: holy fuck I thought this box was my new cards, I have a full 500~ card box of my old business card.
Bill: What do I even do with those.
Nokri (Marisa): Magic tricks
Bill: > Africa comes on radio station
> phone dings
> Kalahari Pennsylvania email with labor day deals
Nokri (Marisa): That’s the reason it’s not a real desert
Fake desert
Take it back
Nokri (Marisa): BoJo is always complaining about Sylvia but I think she left with a very high newfound respect after guarding calogero for a little bit. He constantly tried to trip her and shouted at everything and tried to steal her food. At least he’s easy to watch because you know if it’s quiet he’s up to some thing nefarious
Aldus Larian (Jess): Slyvia demands respec
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeahh some animals are oof
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Little babes
Nokri (Marisa): Little mad lads
Nokri (Marisa): He tries to chew cables plugged into the socket and I’m like nOO
Nokri (Marisa): I’m glad she took her dog with her because I don’t think I could keep track of them both
Nokri (Marisa): He fell asleep last night trying to destroy my computer charger you guys wanna see
Nokri (Marisa): too bad I’m spamming anyway throw me in internet jail
Nokri (Marisa): He’s awake now though
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMGGG hes cute but looks like a handful, is your arm ok?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah!! I’ve put up with 13 years of Sylvia doing the same thing when she was younger, I am immune.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): NOM
Nokri (Marisa): My sister calls me the cat whisperer which is why she has me take care of all her cats <:rise:582318089228648456> 
She used to have 6 just like Calogero but half of them were deaf so you couldn’t even coax them down from the ceiling if they got up there
Nokri (Marisa): The most she had at one point was... 8 I think? 8 cats and two dogs I’d have to watch. That’s probably why Arabella (her current dog) likes me despite me being a lazy potato, I had to bottle feed her while my sister was at work because she was such a tiny puppy at the time, she couldn’t even open her eyes when they first got her
Aldus Larian (Jess): i hope theres some bread left when the instructor get done eating
Aldus Larian (Jess): pupper!
Nokri (Marisa): Fight the instructor for the bread
Aldus Larian (Jess): i cant ill get yelled at, we arent allowed to take food till they are gone or my boss gets mad
Nokri (Marisa): Become the instructor
Nokri (Marisa): Bang free bread
Aldus Larian (Jess): aw shit
Nokri (Marisa): one of my sisters best dogs was Fancy Killer Pants. he could do the best army crawl. He was a good boy.
Bill: Got my (under 40 pound) printers and camera stuff back on the shelves (putting in the desk just didn't appeal/work). Opened up the one from college to check the ink? Had a resume writing guide I scanned in senior year in it.
Bill: Damn.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!351471675843411978> someone commented on my post saying your Mina is spot on 👍
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAY! ❤
Bill: rip. The piece to connect my tv to sono is 350 bucks.
Bill: That's going to have to wait awhile.
Bill: I should take some pictures of the place but the only thing I have to do saturday is get a haircut in the afternoon so maybe I'll wait and hang stuff then before.
Bill: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): OWo
Aldus Larian (Jess): my tent has a room divider!
Aldus Larian (Jess): it not that big tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think its an 8 person
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): WHAT ARE ITS DIMENSIONS?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sorry, didn't mean to caps lock
Aldus Larian (Jess): im not sure off the top of my head but i had pic hold on
Bill: WOAH the enthusiasm.
Bill: 😛
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol I meant the one Bill posted
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo ok lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that would be a dope Firefly camping tent
Bill: 20'Lx9'Wx84"H
Bill: https://www.walmart.com/ip/Ozark-Trail-Hazel-Creek-12-Person-Cabin-Tent/450666321?athcpid=450666321&athpgid=athenaItemPage&athcgid=null&athznid=PWVUB&athieid=v0&athstid=CS020&athguid=b904ba66-cd6-16cb548db06f89&athena=true
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~*that fits in the space*~~
Nokri (Marisa): this fabric's so pretty hhhhhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): it really is D:
Nokri (Marisa): if i wanted to get really fancy, i could use regular solid cotton and do the same thing i did for my nowi outfit
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): that'd give it a 3d texture, which the pretty fabric doesn't have
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo that would take alot time tho
Nokri (Marisa): but cheaper to produce <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hehe the security guy laughed at my shirt
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): “Will squat for donuts”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I heard him laugh and go “donuts, I like that”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!334090409389195266>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The airport gift shop speaketh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Haha flight was cancelled RIP
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow you're already headed back? that was a short internship
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m headed back for the family vacation
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): At least I got this cool sticker in the gift shop
Aldus Larian (Jess): put it on your ass
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~forehead is NASA, ass is Noah~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tho “I put the ass in NASA” deserves to be on my clothing somewhere
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!184437198865563648> you should post to insta today it’s been awhile
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m looking thru your albums for Yang and I just realized lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Maybe post the string lights of you!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oop no flights available tomorrow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So none today, none tomorrow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I might as well freakin stay here damn
Nokri (Marisa): no way in
no way out
Nokri (Marisa): does it say why they're cancelled?
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no D:!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh no wut
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *guess you gotta drive all the way back...*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cancelled cause thunderstorms in NJ
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): rebooked to tomorrow at 8 pm cause my dad has gold premier
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s the soonest that the highest tier could get DAMN
Nokri (Marisa): this fabric looks neat from afar but up close.. <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Florida is weird, they sell alcohol and guns just in regular ass aisles
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): FLORIDA WALMARTS ARE GREAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg plz go to work in that first day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _business casual_
Nokri (Marisa): You’re truly home
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This state is too hot for long sleeve onesies
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I kinda like this short version
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My dad paid for my first set of groceries 😭🙏
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _now to make these last til december_
Andrew: Mood
Aldus Larian (Jess): georgia noooo D:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Georgia yessss! :D
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh yes to the onesie, not to making your groceries last 4 months
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA the no was to georgia not starving
Nokri (Marisa): Dominos squad assemble
Bill: Wow I hate wal mart.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Cuz they sell NASA onesies? <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
