Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I appreciate the stop drop selfie tag but 96% of the time when I see those tags this is what my selfie looks like
Bill: BEAUTIFUL
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): under eye circles so sharp they can slice through cheese
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Patent that and send it to Walmart we’ll make a fortune
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): THIS GUY I KNOW HAS LINE STICKERS OF HIMSELF
I KNEW HE WAS FAMOUS BUT LIKE BRUH YOU HAVE YOUR OWN LINE STICKERS
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): is selling a textbook that goes for $45+ online for $20 a bad deal because i want to get rid of this textbook but it was expensive and i don't want to throw it away
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): and someone i know is looking to buy a used one but idk what a decent price would be
Bill: anyone money for it is good money right.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ye but i don't want them to be like "that's too expensive bye"
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it's practically new condition ~~i didn't really use it at all~~ and has the CD
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if its in good condition then ya
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): hmm i'll try it. if they decline i'll say i'm open to negotiation? unless that's a jerk thing to do
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): nah that sounds fine
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): i say after barely reading anything
Bill: It's not worth the effort to send back sometimes.
Bill: Especially since you moving HOMMEMEEE
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Ye! I bought it in the US and brought it with me but i don't really have a use for it anymore unless anyone is super interested in the fine details of british pronunciation
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): https://www.amazon.com/Teaching-Pronunciation-Paperback-Audio-CDs/dp/0521729769/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1546824342&sr=8-2&keywords=celce+murcia
Bill: Everyone's crunching and I'm boreddd
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): make a costume!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im not even crunching, im applying to internships, and its killing me softly
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like frankly nasa and spacex are the only ones im really gunning for but i have 15 on my list
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cause if i dont get a summer internship i look like a n00b
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I was crunching but I made the mistake of laying down on the spare bed next to my work table and now I'm never getting up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I also put a TV in here
Bill: yeet. You did a lot this week though, from your stories.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA Mina's almost done, I just need to have Tom help me paint the back of my body suit and then make the vest which shouldn't be too hard
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I started san's mask, dagger, and spear too
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The suit looks super cool
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): THANK FREN
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): We also spent like 2 hrs supply shopping today
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I have everything I should need now, or it's on it's way
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): forget grocery shopping, cosplay shopping is the true bond
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): We really need to do that too but... Priorities
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): eat the fabric
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): leather has nutrients
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nooo that's expensive
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): eat clovers in the yard
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Now we're talking
Bill: I have waaaaaay too many thing to power in my room.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Get a hamster wheel!!!!!!
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): if you get a hamster wheel I WILL run on it
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): and likely injure myself again but it’s fun
Bill: Uh. No.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): time to riot
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oof I have compiled my list of possible internships
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It’s at 20
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But I gotta whittle them down
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): apply to **all**
Bill: There is no limit to how many you can apply for. You want to due diligence, apply to everything.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But I also don’t wanna waste time applying to internships that don’t do the right physics
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I got the list from a general physics website
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But some specialize in types of physics that I don’t really care for
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i closed my bank account, notified the national insurance that i'll be leaving, and submitted/confirmed all the moving paperwork at the ward office.
then i bought the russian roulette cookies!! i saw they had 2 kinds, the tsundere girl and the boys love version. I bought the BL russian roulette cookies because they seem lovely. <:mew_face:498866691963355137>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): and as long as they're kept in the package (japanese cookie packaging is insane everything is triple bagged) they'll be fresh until april, so they'll last until katsu.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i now see why bojo was surprised at how much stuff i sent her for her birthday and christmas
i'm really good at irl tetris-ing stuff into luggage and boxes
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): now how do i apply this to be useful in the world
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): am i the cringy type of weeb
there's no dying i am 100% pure weeb and also i do cringy things
but 60% of the time they're mutually exclusive. i think.
Bill: I wouldn’t say so.
Bill: ~~But there’s no good type of weeb so~~
Bill: We can burn in Hell together.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i went down a rabbit hole of weeb stories from various cons and most of them are cringe but other ones i find myself thinking "that just sounds like the person is having fun," like when they do twintails in their hair or have a lot of keychains
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ~~call out for me with my keychains and twintails~~
i think the *bad* type of weeb is the person who fetishizes japanese culture and shoves it on to others
but the word itself has gone the same route as the word otaku and been reclaimed by geeks since people call themselves weebs a lot now
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): weeb shampoo
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): omg atsushi would be a bad weeb he's always trying to talk about hentai or bring up being perverted in some way, and he's always explaining japanese culture to us even if we already know it. even if it exists in the US too. atsushi is a japanese weeb.
Bill: Yeah, you are in no way a creepy otaku.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): nani did you just iimasu about me, desu ka?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): fun halloween costume idea: creepy weeb
Bill: So me, if I don’t shave.
Bill: Cause I can’t grow more than a neck beard *just to round out my look*.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): you also have to avoid touching water for about 3 months
Bill: Oh I can’t do that for more than like... 36 hours, being generous.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): do you think creepy weebs ward off other creepy weebs at conventions? or do they attract each other? or do they just not care about each other and there's no effect 🤔
Bill: I dunno. I’m clueless usually, but I do feel like creeps keep more distance when I’m around Jess and Georgia. Geekdom they got really bad when I went to the bathroom, which is my evidence.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): but u don't give off creepy weeb vibes so they were probably intimidated by someone with functional life skills
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): anti-weeb spray lol
Bill: ~~you mean deodorant~~
Bill: Let’s be real, I’m a heavyset guy with camera equipment. I’m only the smell away from being one of them.
Bill: So the creeps see I’ve got “harassing” Georgia/Jess/whoever down and move on to spread the stank elsewhere.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i got zenkaikon to start selling special hand sanitizer and was real proud of it, because we had major issues with the stank in the video game room
it was our worst selling item, but the people who did buy it would get like 3 or 4 bottles <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): extend your presence to cover the whole con like some anti-creep avatar
Bill: *Growling noises.*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): were they bathing in hand sanitizer?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): We wish they were it’d alleviate some of the con funk
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Biru’s gone furry
Bill: I haven’t taken off my Boise canceling headphones since 7am.
Bill: What a day.
