Glonk: Erik's store
Nokri (Marisa): Omg a wild BoxLunch too
Nokri (Marisa): What limbo are you trapped in
Bill: Detective Pikachu is GREAT
Tikur (Kurtis): Can I get one Isekai please
Nokri (Marisa): One isekai coming right up. Will that be through reincarnation or summoning?
Tikur (Kurtis): I would love to see a Pokemon summoning circle.  Just a bunch of Pokemon chanting
Nokri (Marisa): let me check the back
Tikur (Kurtis): Bless 🙏🙏🙏
Nokri (Marisa): i'm sorry, pokemon summoning circle machine broken
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Dizzy: The douchebag-jar count is now 0!
Bill: !counter set douchebag-jar 0
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wut dat for
Nokri (Marisa): Sweet a jar for me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): NO
Bill: Nah for me. I need to get less bitter and salty about shit.
Bill: In new girl whenever Schmitt was a douche the guys would say “Jar” and Schmitt put a dollar in the jar.
Bill: I like the idea.
Bill: Y’all call me on shit.
Bill: Im very serious.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Are you putting real dollars in it?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And, follow up question, is the jar slang for Jess’ pocket?
Nokri (Marisa): Can we get McDonald’s with the pocket money
Nokri (Marisa): If so I’ll start adding to the counter
Bill: I think I just might.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _everyone be a douchebag so we get mcdonalds_
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't like McDonald's can I have Starbucks
Nokri (Marisa): MCDONALDS! MCDONALDS! MCDONALDS!
Nokri (Marisa): Ok it’s your pocket
Bill: They did something gay with his jar, at his wedding.
Bill: That’s not my case.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): McDonald’s is fat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mEANT GAY BUT OK AUTOCORRECT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m laughing so hard
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think the jar should also be slang for Marisa's pocket <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): My pants don’t have pockets I would drop it all and then no mcstarbucks
Elfriede Faun (Tom): but nokris dress has pockets 🤔
Bill: If it goes in Marisa’s pockets I’ll have to be a bitter salty douche all the time to fill them up.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Now whenever bill says something negative we can make him pay for mcbucks
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _theres no way this can go poorly_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): My body be like "nah your done sleeping"
Elfriede Faun (Tom): well i put laundry in since im up anyways 🤘
Elfriede Faun (Tom): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZnRklMt5b8
Elfriede Faun (Tom): watching the best episode of little bear
Elfriede Faun (Tom): idk why this episode stood out to me so much as a child, also it set my expectations way too high for the harvest moon. I thought it would always be as big as it was in the show
Elfriede Faun (Tom): god what a wholesome show
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 18:40 is <@!351471675843411978> i swear
Elfriede Faun (Tom): damn the illustrator for the book series was jewish polish and born in 1928
"Born to Jewish-Polish parents, his childhood was affected by the death of many of his family members during the Holocaust."
The the book series is written by a Canadian woman
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Hm the animated series looks pretty different from the books tho, or maybe the series art is just simplified for animation
Elfriede Faun (Tom): ofc the Corgi is voiced by Tara Strong, is there anything that she wasnt in
Bill: you okay there?
Andrew: the throwback to Little Bear.
Andrew: love it
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEAH WOO
Elfriede Faun (Tom): LITTLE BEAR
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I reorganized the bathroom closet <@&455787357426417674> Or life has order again
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg I love you
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i know tyty
Nokri (Marisa): How many clowns were in the closet?
Tikur (Kurtis): How many?
Nokri (Marisa): How many?
Andrew: I got hit with a real bad lazy Sunday today
Bill: Yeaaah something like that.
Bill: It’s hard to imagine I used spend days on end binging anime and playing games, being alone for half a day on a weekend now just makes me like I’m dying alone and wasting my life away.
Bill: Especially when the the weather held up damn.
Bill: Gotta figure out what the trick was when I was a kid again.
