Tikur (Kurtis): Quote from a book I love that I wanna share with y'all "Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken."
Tikur (Kurtis): It's from Dune by Frank Herbert.
Nokri (Marisa): that a nice quote thank ye
Nokri (Marisa): i reread flowers from algernon last night and it makes me wanna draw
it's supposed to be really profound but i think it's truly a product of its time. not that it doesn't still apply to modern times, but it's not as profound anymore
Nokri (Marisa): Oh maybe the book is better? Has anyone here read the book version instead of the short story
Bill: Wow I *really* wanna go home now.
Bill: Not that I've been at work more than 5 minutes.
Bill: I saw an ad yesterday for the Edith/Stark glasses from endgame... and I high key want a pair so Mom's checking to see if she can get em.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've been getting them too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Def have been looking into a pair even if they're not prescription lol
Bill: The actual brand, not the fad stuff being advertised is apparently a handmade japanese frame that's 500 bucks. According to a site that broke down the fashion choices of the movie.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh $500? Fuck no. Hard pass lmao
Bill: Worried the stuff being advertised is going to look crappy cause they capitalizing on Far from Home.
Bill: Plus I'm always wary of sites like "endgameglasses.com" and giving them credit information.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I plan on getting the Amazon ones
Aldus Larian (Jess): free slurpoes at 711 today yall
Bill: You'll look good in them Erik, do et.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): FLOWERS FOR ALGERNON NOOO
El🆓de Faun (Tom): RIP ALGERNON
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna make a cosplay today
but ehhhhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): do ettt
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:rise:582318089228648456>
Nokri (Marisa): ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Bill: do it!
Nokri (Marisa): ehhhhhhhhhhhh
idk what to make. lots of fabric but it's mostly scraps from other costumes so idk.
could redo ray's jacket. or yona's shirt because i still can't find it. or.hhhhhhhhh
Nokri (Marisa): kagura's dress has a stain on it somehow i could remake that
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no! Stains suck 😦
Bill: Ray Ray Ray
Aldus Larian (Jess): who u wanna cosplay at ota?
Nokri (Marisa): ye it looks like food fell on it or somethin
Nokri (Marisa): kagura, morgiana because it's gonna be super hot and that's a cool costume, probably ranka, yona, probably natsumi, maybe saber, maybe blake, chise if i can find her shirt
all really easy and light costumes
Nokri (Marisa): i also need a ride down if i could bother anyone, i'll pay ;u;
Aldus Larian (Jess): then kagura or yona
Nokri (Marisa): yona can be made in like 10 minutes, the longest part of that will be cutting out the fabric
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😮
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoa
Nokri (Marisa): i'm too lazy to do it this far in advance of the con <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ahh i have 2 weeks to make a jacket and im freaking out
Nokri (Marisa): it's just 4 pieces. back, front, front, black trim bada bing bada done
Nokri (Marisa): you have 2 weeks to make a jacket!! is fine!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): you do fast
Aldus Larian (Jess): i slow, slow likw snail
Nokri (Marisa): snails go nyoom
Nokri (Marisa): and ducks go quack
Aldus Larian (Jess): i want to wear light costumes but i feel like all my cosutmes are hot
Nokri (Marisa): time 2 make some light costumes what do u wanna cosplay
i have an alibaba costume in japanese medium if you wanna wear it but i don't have a wig
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoa
Nokri (Marisa): Eating Doritos makes me feel really academic
I think it’s from years of living off them at Rowan
Aldus Larian (Jess): doritoes? 😮
Nokri (Marisa): Ye
Cool ranch and nacho flavors
I ate a bag for brunch just now and it makes me wanna read/study which is a miracle in itself
Nokri (Marisa): Accidental classic conditioning
Nokri (Marisa): Haha classic
Aldus Larian (Jess): *sends all the Doritos*
Nokri (Marisa): **noooooo**
Bill: We'll get you down there. Hasn't been discussion, but I'm guessing I'll come get you and Andrew while Kurtis Tom and Jess go together.
Bill: Should have said so sooner, sorry. I'm rather unmotivated with Ota.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I would give so much to take selfies as nice as will does
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): White fang cosplay
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He’s real good at it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Hmm idk if I follow him
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh nice!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): ~~He's a cosplayer?~~
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Or is that personal account
Aldus Larian (Jess): he a cosplayer but idk if thats his cosplay account or not i has seen him at da cons
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s his personal
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He cosplays Ozpin
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): From Boston?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think he's from NH
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): He's cool
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): He was GB Yang at CCE with me and Sirius Black at Katsu
Aldus Larian (Jess): Seems chill
Nokri (Marisa): Tried a different way of making puff sleeves today and it uses way more fabric but i like it a lot better. More poof.
Nokri (Marisa): I was sitting on a sleeve for 10 minutes and it’s still poofy wew
Nokri (Marisa): Though incredibly wrinkled. This is gonna need to be steamed
Bill: Thumbnails from that commission! My children!
Nokri (Marisa): Nice advertising for panam
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nifty?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i totally hit the wrong punctuation I'm not a bitch I sweat~~
Nokri (Marisa): 10/10 children
Bill: Guess I’m using my tablet as my d&d book cause dad can’t find our shit.
