N🆗ri (Marisa): The faces of people in the audience of the state of the union address are such moods
Bill: ,... *Seriously debates going back to RE2, zombie infested sewers are less stress than the real world*
Dirty Lego (Tom): 
Dirty Lego (Tom): I'm so glad Crunchyroll Hime's favorite non anime songs are what they are 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Do you work for cruncyroll?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Is that last song unrelated to the Knights of Sidonia anime
Dirty Lego (Tom): :3c it is def unrelated
Dirty Lego (Tom): But I'm sure that's why it was chosen
Bill: I keep thinking there was something I wanted to do tonight. Couldn't tell you what.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i haven't gotten a new chatroom since 8am. is the RFA ok.
N🆗ri (Marisa): There it is we’re good now
Dirty Lego (Tom): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> <@!301927856240459777> you two need to start coordinating weekends up here. I've got plenty of room for you to crash at my place and we can hang out all weekend. You just need to drive up.
N🆗ri (Marisa): can we bring cosplay
Bill: Peter keeps sharing these videos about various cool things like pressurized water guns and scuba drones and I hate that I keep watching them. Video marketing is annoying as fuck.
N🆗ri (Marisa): what's up aurii this is mars comin' at you LIVE from south jersey how's everybody doin' tonight
Bill: come viiiiisitttttt
N🆗ri (Marisa): haha great what a classic good to hear and now a word from our sponsors
N🆗ri (Marisa): oats
N🆗ri (Marisa): good for goats
Bill: I'm just imagining you sitting surrounded by boxes acting like the boys from Danshi Koukousei.
N🆗ri (Marisa): this is a live television broadcast
N🆗ri (Marisa): nintendo give us animal crossing switch
N🆗ri (Marisa): the rest of this broadcast is just that satisfying click sound that happens when you turn on the switch
N🆗ri (Marisa): now here's cecil palmer with the weather, which will be performed by marie toulouse and berlioz
N🆗ri (Marisa): i just had a grommet and i am PRETTY sure it just disappeared out of existence
Dizzy: You should choose work on Sona's character sheet
Bill: Dizzy, choose wargroove,work on Sona's character sheet
Bill: third option, continue laying here till dinner.
N🆗ri (Marisa): do you think elephants have a name for themselves. like how we call ourselves humans. do elephants have a name for elephant.
N🆗ri (Marisa): would elephants enjoy watching neon genesis evangelion
N🆗ri (Marisa): animals watching anime and not only arguing subs vs dubs but arguing over the original human version and the remake where the protagonists are all non-human animals
N🆗ri (Marisa): veggie tales shippuden
N🆗ri (Marisa): im disappointed that doesn't exist
N🆗ri (Marisa): i have a new word for pickles from new york they'll be called nickles and they'll be the foundation for our new proposed units of currency
Bill: Are you drunk?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _whos gonna tell her_
N🆗ri (Marisa): drinking is illegal you know that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): marisa permission to quote nickles in out of context
N🆗ri (Marisa): permission granted just don't forget to fill out the forms in triplicate and send them in for processing
N🆗ri (Marisa): this'll be bigger than bitcoin
N🆗ri (Marisa): do you think the creators of bitcoin knew that a bit is also a unit of measurement on computers. how funny is that i wonder if it's a coincidence
N🆗ri (Marisa): someone should tell them
Bill: ... it's currency... made of digital *bits*.
Bill: It's a literal coin made of *bits*.
Bill: Yes they knew.
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah that's why it's funny what a coincidence
N🆗ri (Marisa): are you sure
N🆗ri (Marisa): i think they named it after those carrots people put in front of horses or donkeys to make them move forward
N🆗ri (Marisa): just as humans chase after the carrot of money
N🆗ri (Marisa): to move forward in life
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's deep
Bill: There is no genlock fanart on E-shuushuu.
Bill: That's.
Bill: Disappointing.
