Nokri (Marisa): Thank you for your service
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Went for chicken instead
Aldus Larian (Jess): chimken
Bill: choiken
Bill: choi-kin <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): that looks like an advertisement
Aldus Larian (Jess): id say its working but we dont have a wawa up here
Nokri (Marisa): no wawa? ??? ? how?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean we have stores that serve the same purpose but we're out of wawas region
Aldus Larian (Jess): were getting one eventually
Aldus Larian (Jess): since they bought that restaurant that we did those photoshoots at to make it into one
Aldus Larian (Jess): but its still like 20 mins from me
Nokri (Marisa): i miss having three convenience stores less than 2 minutes away on foot
Nokri (Marisa): and like 5 supermarkets 10 minutes away on foot
Nokri (Marisa): tokyo is so convenient
Bill: Oof. I came to shop rite while I was getting lunch... I’m wearing that ruby shirt from fye with the volume one art on the back.
Bill: Hard core weeb look.
Nokri (Marisa): **weeb**
Bill: I only got it cause it was buy one get one free for a different, less weeb trash shirt.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i havent used itunes in forever and i tried to use it now so i can add more songs as alarms
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): holy fuck i have so many hoops to jump through
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what poopy software
Aldus Larian (Jess): i havent used itubes since like.... 2012
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its usually all streaming nowadays
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which i normally agree but it doesnt work as well for alarms
Bill: Get a real alarm clock. That woke you up.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah fuck that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ive been conditioned to wake up to "teenage dirtbag" because of noahs alarm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i need to acquire teenage dirtbag on my phone again but this is becoming a multi-hour process
Aldus Larian (Jess): i used to wake up to songs but it makes me hate the song so i stopped
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its too late ive already been conditioned LOL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): noah said its cause he doesnt like the song already
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): i like that song
Bill: Yeah I’d either hate the song or like it enough to stay in bed.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wheetus can be a little whiny sounding i think thats why
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): at least in the beginning of teenage dirtbag
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea def XD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dammit itunes wiped all the music i had before
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): granted i didnt care about most of it but i had the guardians soundtrack from my ex
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): big sad
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMAO i just remembered when these two guys that liked me argued over who was going to burn  me a copy of a disturbed cd i wanted.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats the ultimate form of affection
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): noah ripped all the songs off my CDs so i could have them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i have almost all of weezer that way lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): itunes is like shutting down or something soon i heard tho?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's sad that if I want to rip CDs to my new laptop I'd have to get a separate disc drive
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's why I just stick to Spotify now
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE me too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): me too usually but _i needed teenage dirtbag_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OH AHA I GOT IT
Aldus Larian (Jess): ya'll i want pizza
Bill: Oh god yes.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just finished eating and I'm so full but yes pizza
Bill: I don't have a functional disk drive either anymore. All my gear too new.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): PIZZA MMMM
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): justin and i are gonna see pikachu laterz maybe
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ill convince him that pizza is da wae
Bill: <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i know you mentioned pikachu yesterday bill so you can come down if you wanna
Bill: Nope. Other plans.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): all gucci
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the invitation extends to anyone else, tho its probably a big trip for most of yall just for a movie lol
Bill: it's not that big of a trip.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its a little over an hour for you northern cluster
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lee its probably closer to 40
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): forget about erik lol
Bill: I have never considered that to be longggg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its long for people that like to avoid driving lol
Elfriede Faun (Tom): To far for me dawg I'm sry xD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): exactly lol
Bill: and more importantly no one up here wants to see it tonight.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Not when I have a theatre 15 mins away <:pew:543202259085950996>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Away 2 mins if you include the small theatre
Bill: You're so close to Sparta theatre yeah.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): will probably end up waiting to see it on a Tuesday for $5 Tuesday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah justin and i were gonna do that but the hazlet theater gives 7 dolla student tickets anyways
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i saw twilight 3 times in that tiny theater....<:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): AMC is 15
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah I wanted to wait for the hype to die a bit so the theatre isn't packed cuz I don't wanna see it that bad
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YES
Aldus Larian (Jess): sparta is 3
Elfriede Faun (Tom): We saw gaurdoans there
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I actually like it
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's a good size
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): same
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its cozy
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but not like TOO cozy
Bill: yeah I saw the meg there.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea its nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hazlet and freehold have those dope reclining seats
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): most places have those nowadays i think
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the closest theater to me now has the worst fucking seats
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): they look like the recliners but they dont recline
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and theyre hard
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Nokri (Marisa): Nowadays a lot of theaters have those yee
Or if not they’ve got mandatory seat reservations anyway because theater shootings wooo
Bill: we saw Avengers by you, my parents complained about the seats.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): they are so fucking bad
Nokri (Marisa): Aaahhhh why would you put hard chairs in a theater <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: but booze.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^ good point
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): except i always go right before mall closes
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and then have to drive home
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): soooooooo defeats the purpose
Nokri (Marisa): how about no alcohol and chocolate instead <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: moof.
Aldus Larian (Jess): How about both?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *chocolate martini*
Nokri (Marisa): nah fam
Bill: *no*
Aldus Larian (Jess): YES
Bill: Chocolate Martinis fuck people up.
Nokri (Marisa): It’s the alcohol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah its the sugar
Bill: yeah.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): nah its the fancy class martinis come in
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): nah it's the price
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): nah its the bartender
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _correct the bartender can fuck you up_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): take that as smexy or the bartender being real buff, it can go either way
Bill: I would not, considering I was the one to mix the chocolate martinis.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you could probably fuck someone up if you had to bill
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you could probably fight as least 20 geeze
Aldus Larian (Jess): nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im more like 10-12
Bill: ~~you were going for the sex angle don't bail now~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I SAID THE OR REALLY BUFF PART
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you could  ~~fuck?~~ at least 20 geese?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *I can be your sex angle or your sex devil*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lee i think you have a lot of internalized anger and that would up your geese count
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ERIK
Bill: ~~I'm not ace don't forget~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh yea i could fuck up some geese
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _now whos taking it the sex angle_
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): TRY ME
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so were like the same size but i think you could get probably 3-5 more geese than i could
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i have no anger to fuel me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): only anxiety
Nokri (Marisa): You have to go for their necks
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and know that geese go for the back of the ankle
Aldus Larian (Jess): I sould fight 0 geese
Bill: *I was saying don't bail out of the sex angle not to avoid it. <:lenny:395307171539189760>*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): tom could fight at least 40
Nokri (Marisa): Pick them up by their neck and throw them it’s harsh but the only way
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so youre covered jess
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok marisa officially can take on 50 geese with these pro strats
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): marisa is geese fighting master
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): pick them up by the neck and slam them like Hulk did with Loki
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Gooseslayer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mighty Marisa, Slayer of Geese,
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): sensei gooseslayer
Nokri (Marisa): I just get nervous when they patrol the neighborhood y’know
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres so many geese on the science campus of rutgers
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so many
Nokri (Marisa): They’re the scientists
Nokri (Marisa): They’re sciencing
Bill: If Andy wasn't personable but competent, would that be Mark?
Aldus Larian (Jess): what?
Bill: Parks and Rec.
Bill: Which I'm rewatch.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea context would have been helpful
Aldus Larian (Jess): thought you were taking about Andrew and BNE Mark
Bill: OH lol
Bill: Nah i figurec anyone whose seen the show will recognize the two names from Parks and Rec.
Bill: LOL That'd be such a weird thought for it to be Andrew and Mark.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i read that as audrey and mark
Nokri (Marisa): Is there a mark in parks and rec
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i was like whaat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): in season one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i hated mark
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so annoying
Nokri (Marisa): O season one sucks eyyy
Bill: All of parks and rec is gold.
Bill: I'm literally watching cause it's such a mood booster.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): season 1 tom was annoying too
Aldus Larian (Jess): D:
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ben is my fav tho and he doesnt come in til later
Bill: he's always a a little annoying.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i have yet to see all of parks and rec i never got past season one
Bill: It's the best.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but i hate aubrey plaza
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she ruins it for me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ...as she does with everything shes in
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but everyone loves the show so i have to force myself to continue
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): plus if yall are saying season one sucks
Aldus Larian (Jess): mark, andy, audrey, tom, ben
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): then i just need to get past season onw
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): gets significantly better after season 1
Bill: According to every personality test I am Ben (and he's an utter dork with dry weird humor so it's not that far off), but the punch line of the Andy Mark thing was I'm Mark if he's a useless socially as Andy is with. Adulting.
Bill: ~~I wanna be Chris Pratt even if he's an idiot~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aubrey plaza plans the same character in everything shes in tbh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its kinda annoying
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i really dont like her
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like she just ... plays herself
Bill: who is she?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): april
Bill: aaaah yeah.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she drives me insane, shes so BLEH
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but i like the rest of the cast
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): life after beth, parks and rec, the little hours, all the same person
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): leslie knope was who i quoted for my senior quote
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but then she does interviews as herself and shes literally that person IRL too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): huge yikes
Nokri (Marisa): Biru you seem like more of a Ron <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
I like Aubrey as a character but she does get a bit tiresome being so repetitive
Nokri (Marisa): What was her name in the show
Bill: lol I'd like to be Ron too.
Bill: April was her name.
Nokri (Marisa): April
Nokri (Marisa): Yeee
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Bill: I wanna be as stupid happy as Andy, as manly as Ron... and I'm Ben.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): big bill bourbon energy
Nokri (Marisa): U r Ron look at that picture of you
Bill: I'm definitely Ben tho.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this will be us on my 21st yall
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Itu6zIngq24
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): bill youre definitely ron in this segment LOL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): marisa is donna, the sober one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): erik is andy?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): guys help me assign people this gets even funnier
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): hold on i gotta watch the video
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its only a minute
Bill: In *that* segment?
Bill: I ain't Ron.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ron also has con dad energy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats part of it
Bill: I just saying for that segment.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): white boi wasted bill would totes dance
Nokri (Marisa): Was gonna say tom is Chris but then someone mentioned being an elf and that’s tom
Bill: That segment I'd be ~~Jerry~~ Ben.
Bill: You've seen me as wasted as I get Georgia.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd say I'm more Ben in that segment
Bill: Tom is Chris Trager, cause also not drunk.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah i thought youd be ben or andy erik
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): maybe lee is andy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): maybe a mix of the two
Bill: I was thinking Ben but I can see Erik bustin out in song.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im either leslie or tom lol
Bill: Tom.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 😎
Bill: Unless you actually are a sad drunk, and it wasn't just the scenario.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh wait yeah I have drunk sang at a bar
Aldus Larian (Jess): i cant watch it in 15 mins
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): actually leslies "what to first? your mothers butt" is big georgia energy
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im the guy whos on the roof of the car passed out
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): JERRY
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i cant stop rewatching the scene its like my fav
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): WHO SAYS
Bill: Nah Leanna is April.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): WHO SAYS " IM SO ALONE"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): IN THE CAR
Bill: Just goes ham in fucking french randomly.
Bill: I think that was Tom.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ...im like a mix of everyone
Nokri (Marisa): That’s Italian
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats tom yeah
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im feelin tom vibes for you now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ill take leslie
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who am I?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I've never seen this show
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): jess is ann for sure
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Nokri (Marisa): Perfect Ann Perkins
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): does ann get a drunk segment?
Bill: Oh my god Ann.
Bill: Yes.
Bill: Jess is perfect Ann.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): shes "ann took a cab"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fyEarGbpXM
Bill: Sweet, beautiful, perfect Ann.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WAIT HERES THE FULL ONE WITH ANN
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ann just fucking left when she was done with yall\
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): pretty sure April goes off in Spanish
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OH MY GOD NO THIS ONE HAS JERRY TOO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): IM WHEEZING
Bill: it doesn't matter what language, just that Leanna!April goes full on cryptid.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tom is big finger guns energy tho
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): AM I LIKE THAT?!
Bill: Oh actually I'm Jerry.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): at least in this scene
Bill: Nah but I can imagine it.
Bill: It'd be so normal.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok guys thisll be us for my 21st lets do this
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): absolutely
Bill: turning 21 isn't going to make you like alcohol.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I'm definitely a little Jerry
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yikes hardz for days
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): laughing at nothing and then coughing up a lung
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _who is ron_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _ron is the best one_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://2brokegeeks.wordpress.com/2013/02/24/snake-juice-cocktail-recipe-from-parks-rec/
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): realistically
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im ron
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): bill you have too much faith in me for thinking i could possibly know another language fluent enough to be april xD
Bill: It's not about the other language.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but im like the happiest drunk
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats WHY i drink
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): xD
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): april is me sober
Bill: I tried to be a sad drunk and I failed.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): just going off
Bill: yeaaaah like you could be askjhadglkhd instead of spanish and it would totally work.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats me sober
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): at any given moment
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my only true experience was CCE and that was very influenced
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i can see you making the butt joke
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's very Georgia
Bill: Mhmm, I was there for the whole thing. I'm hoping it was just everything else going on.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ben's reaction to that joke was very drunk Erik energy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ben: "HEHEH AHAHA"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~half asleep~*
Bill: That night could have been done better buttt.... You were safe so.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): peter gave me copious bagels
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i survived the weekend
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it was just unfortunate that vincent was sad, had a whole bottle of alcohol, and was very willing to share
Bill: Tell me about it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OMG LEANNA AND MARISA DOING THE TOM AND DONNA "TREAT YO SELF SCENE"
Nokri (Marisa): 😎 *treat yourself two thousand nineteeeen* 😎
Nokri (Marisa): Everybody buy a superhero suit
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996> <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: and you had someone to watch your ass while you wander the con in a haze. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Oh right, Bakugo.
Bill: Do I wanna do that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok bill i wasnt a wandering vegetable 😂
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mentally i was on mars but i wasnt like liable to drop dead
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i remember everything too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the jesses were so cool, and also drunk, and they were getting david drunk
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ahhhh good times
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I appreciate that y'all think I can take on 40 geese thanks, I needed that confidence booster 😎
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ur welcome tom
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's gross amount of fighting games, I swear
Bill: right.
Aldus Larian (Jess): She didn't even puke yo it's not that big of a deal
Aldus Larian (Jess): Also werent Tom and I the ones that gave the Taking Care of Drunk People 101 rundown
Bill: I asked about it and you gave me a 5 second thing before you went to that Hentai panel.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i feel like i was pretty fine yall
Aldus Larian (Jess): And came back 20 mins later
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah you seemed alright which was surprising since you downed like 5 shots and don't drink
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i didnt go blind or nothing <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: I merely meant you weren't alone and left to be harassed by some Chad or drink even more.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I honestly can't believe you didn't throw up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it was more like 7 and then bill texted me be careful and then i did two more
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah,like that's insane
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i remembered EXACTLY how much
Bill: You got to Seven *with* the additional two...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): bang bang responsible
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Idk how you didn't throw up for real
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like I don't drink but I k ow that's a lot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i was drinking water and eating bagels
Elfriede Faun (Tom): STILL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no hangover in da morning either
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah also wack
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Maybe They were giving you half water and not telling you🤔
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): idk it was straight from the bottle so they wouldve had to water it down beforehand
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): vincent was just like HERE HAVE THIS
Bill: She drank directly from the bottle of bottom shelf run before doing shots of lemon vodka.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): party hardy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): anyways this story makes me sound like hal at RTX levels of bad
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but i was pretty ok
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no vomit, no stumbling, no hazy vision
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): laid down, had a nice complaining session, went in the wave pool
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): solid saturday night
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea you were pretty good all things considered
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i had a weird dream last night
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tell me what you think this means
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so i was at a con, and the kid i liked in middle school was there, cosplaying male pharah
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and his girlfriend was there as mercy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Generic White Girl, idk if he has a girlfriend
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i beat them in the cosplay contest as pyrrha
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and then he and his girlfriend said i was hot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and then i woke p
Bill: You think your hot.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Gay????? probably???
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 🤔
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I thought Jess wrote this
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I didn't realize til the end it was you
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean I would prob dream that too
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): chicken nuggets or pizza bagels
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hmmm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): !choose chicken nuggets, pizza bagels
Dizzy: You should choose pizza bagels
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thank you dizzy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mmmm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): why are there so many trash rom coms on netflix with noah centineo in them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and why do i wanna watch them all
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who dat?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://media.wmagazine.com/photos/5b7c3a580556fb176ac53822/2:3/w_640/37389870_309204759640863_7560181857405370368_n.jpg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): him pretty kyoot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and hes basically in netflix's pocket
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea I've seen him!
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA he's in " to all the boys I've loved before! "
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~ive seen them all and theyre all pretty cute ngl~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh im a suck for "to all the boys ive loved"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im gonna watch the perfect date now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and sierra burgess is a loser is good but i cringed a little bit
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Damn Leanna a Netflix champion
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i have netflix on constantly in the background of working on stuff
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): instead of anime i just over consume movies and netflix shows
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mood
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have Netflix non in the background alot and Tom asks me questions about what I'm watching and I'm like "oh have no idea"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LOL
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I get so aggravated xD
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She'll be watching something and I'll be in the other room sometimes and know more about what she's watching ahhhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): I sowwy!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just want background noise
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nah it okayyy, it just not how I watch stuff
Tikur (Kurtis): What a mood, that's me when my mom falls asleep on the couch.
Tikur (Kurtis): Multiple times I've said he haven't you watched that episode before and she has no memory of it even when it's the one she was watching before she fell asleep 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my mom legit was falling asleep between changing channels the other day
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh boii
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have done all my clothes laundry from college 🙌
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Now to wash all the sheets and blankets oof
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im shopping for a new comforter
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): why are they all so fugly
Nokri (Marisa): we're almost halfway through 2019 and there's still no new animal crossing
Nokri (Marisa): people think it'll come in september tho
Nokri (Marisa): who's gonna buy it lets be buddies
Nokri (Marisa): apollo and deirdre are my favorite villagers in the current one but i have an issue where i can't let any villagers leave, even the ones i dont like
Bill: <@!350855105123319808> hope your mom feels better.
Nokri (Marisa): and zell!!! zell is so great. i could have a town of just deer villagers that'd be fine.
Tikur (Kurtis): <@!184437198865563648> she is! her nose was just super dry apparently and yeeted out the blood
Bill: Oh that’s fun.
