Bill: ooooh <@!301927856240459777> would you do *commissions?*
Bill: For like, drawings?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Nah but I can draw for free owo
N🆗ri (Marisa): What needs drawing
N🆗ri (Marisa): Maybe I request $5 commission if it’s super detailed 🤔 maybe. But I’d feel very guilty.
Bill: Does accept tip then?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yeah general tips and life hacks sure
N🆗ri (Marisa): Like on the loading screen of video games
Bill: That won’t work.
Bill: Whose goal is to own two cars today? *This guy’s.*
Bill: (Still will be a week or three on the Altima return)
N🆗ri (Marisa): What do guests wear to weddings
I should’ve thought of this sooner
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): A dress, not white
N🆗ri (Marisa): Then a white gown is fine right
Dirty Lego (Tom): Absolutely
Dirty Lego (Tom): Wear this
Dirty Lego (Tom): Be extra
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ok so no one knows anything about this wedding but apparently my cousin and his wife are internet sensations and my sister’s friend is dying to go to this wedding to meet them because they’re so internet famous
N🆗ri (Marisa): SHES A FAMOUS UOUTUBER
N🆗ri (Marisa): This is the bride
N🆗ri (Marisa): This is my cousin
N🆗ri (Marisa): I should’ve dressed better dang
Bill: You gotta take lots of pictures of you dressed up for da wedding!
N🆗ri (Marisa): Im not super dressed up tho that’s the thing. I didn’t know this would probably be a huge YouTube wedding until I got in the car to leave. I wear this same dress to every wedding but it’s usually backyard weddings
Bill: I’m sure you look amazing anyway.
Bill: PICS
N🆗ri (Marisa): The one makeup I did put on isn’t even even lol my eyeliner is messed up
I’ll be kicked out of the wedding by the beauty guru bride
Bill: ***PICS***
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m tryna find out info on the bride I’m nosy owo
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Bill: REALY PICS
Bill: There may be no car. They’ve been jacking us around all day and haven’t sat with us once to actually talk numbers. Car isn’t detailed for sale. Like.
Bill: If I can’t get it today, I can’t get it before Katsu, and if they fuck that up imma just. Not. Buy it here.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oof wtf
Bill: I’m really disappointed. For myself. They can fuck off.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yeahh...
N🆗ri (Marisa): This is the fanciest wedding ever
Dang
The pre dinner cocktail hour has three buffets and guacamole in individual cocktail glasses
Bill: Maaaay still work out. Seems like it will.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Take some food home
N🆗ri (Marisa): Look at these peppers
N🆗ri (Marisa): This isn’t even dinner
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Damn
N🆗ri (Marisa): THERE ARE FIVE HUFFET TABLES I DIDNT SEE THE OTHER TWO DANF
N🆗ri (Marisa): Plus waiters with tiny appetizers this is insane
Dirty Lego (Tom): AGHHHHH
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m too full and dinner hasn’t started yet
N🆗ri (Marisa): I have a champagne glass of water though to pretend I’m sophisticated
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ok now it’s almost dinner time
N🆗ri (Marisa): dis me
N🆗ri (Marisa): I should’ve worn my Pokémon clip on earring s
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Awww you look cute!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Also damn that's fancy
Bill: how pretty!
Dirty Lego (Tom): Shoulda
Bill: Car acquired!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whooo!
