Dirty Lego (Tom): and ill just be there
Dirty Lego (Tom): drinkless
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's Marisa will be drinkless too!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Get this boy some _water_
Dirty Lego (Tom): PLEASE
Bill: <@!351471675843411978> Sudnay the 27th.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Aw man time to join the book club.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I can’t wait for drinklesscon where we all succumb to dehydration together
Bill: Oh yay. We’re shoveljng.
N🆗ri (Marisa): WOOOOOO
I’m gonna celebrate with fancy eggs
Bill: @everyone shovel. Shit heavy and a slippery slusSh just under the snow. Shovel unless you want an ice drive way. S
Bill: The freezing rain in 3 hours will do that.
Bill: I’m going to get sick. Dad wants to clear the whole driveway. It’s raining.
Bill: Oof.
Bill: Fun fact, I apparently don’t own a rain coat.
Bill: I’m wet. Not in the fun way either.
Bill: There should be a snow day voice chat party.
Andrew: All we have so far is rain
Andrew: Not cold yet
N🆗ri (Marisa): Party!!
[loud sewing machine noises]
N🆗ri (Marisa): question.
if you can't open something with your hands (like a candy bar or bag of chips) and you don't have any objects to open it (like a knife or scissors) what do you do
Bill: teeth?
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH THANK YOU
N🆗ri (Marisa): i was having flashbacks to when i did that in class and everyone looked at my like a barbarian
i wanted my anime chocolate
N🆗ri (Marisa): *you use your teeth that's why you have teeth*h
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I use my teeth to open lots of things
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And cut thread
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And chew through plastic chothing tag thingies
N🆗ri (Marisa): like a majestic chipmunk
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Can’t have snow day without snow :V
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Do you guys have off tomorrow?
Dirty Lego (Tom): Nahhh
Dirty Lego (Tom): I wish
Bill: I get work from home, but work.
Bill: I’m not doing much with this closet cleaning.
Andrew: So i finally got a table in my room
Andrew: Now i wont be doing costume work on the ground
Andrew: and in constant pain
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~i think pain is just a part of every costume so don't dismiss that just yet~~
costume party! costume party!
N🆗ri (Marisa): what's yer next costume
Andrew: i have a feew choices
Andrew: also have to repaint ryoma and make a new mask
N🆗ri (Marisa): i think biru died in the cold
andru u gotta make a costume in his memory right now
N🆗ri (Marisa): That’s me I found myself in an Instagram post
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): That me
N🆗ri (Marisa): what is everybody doing on this cold day
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Katsucronchin
N🆗ri (Marisa): yum
N🆗ri (Marisa): are u feelin the burn
Bill: Why am I dead?
N🆗ri (Marisa): sometimes i can still hear his voice
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm feelin it
Bill: I have no idea what goes with this damn blazer.
N🆗ri (Marisa): lots of anime pins on the lapel
Bill: Success. Closet gone through.
