El氣電e Faun (Tom): FUCC
Tikur (Kurtis): Even colder they just did the "you almost had it, ya gotta be quicker than that"
El氣電e Faun (Tom): DAMNNN
Tikur (Kurtis): MINERS WON!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): YEAH
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Miners usually get paid more than smelters or Smith's imo
Tikur (Kurtis): Smarty pants
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Although it is a morn dangerous profession
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Gotta watch out for them scorpians in falador dungeon
Tikur (Kurtis): Plus black lung
Tikur (Kurtis): That's no bueno
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I'm sorry I'll stop, this RuneScape joke is horrible
Bill: I have a sti on my eye that窶冱 driving me insane.
Tikur (Kurtis): Rip my dude
Tikur (Kurtis): How do you have a whole car on your eye?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I know you mean stye but all I can think is sexually transmitted infection
Bill: Yeah I have no idea how it was spelled lol
Tikur (Kurtis): Fun fact, if you leave a stye alone for long enough and it gets big, it's called a chalazion.
Bill: But yeah is really bugging me. I窶况e used like a dozen compresses today.
Tikur (Kurtis): Squeeze the area too, it'll help express it.
Bill: Doing that too.
Bill: Let窶冱 see if I can get any sleep.
Tikur (Kurtis): Just close ya eyes and then don't blink.
Tikur (Kurtis): Why did I make the bad decision to have coffee at this time of night
Aldus Larian (Jess): You can get stye cream from the drug store
El氣電e Faun (Tom): <@350855105123319808> same
Bill: NAH it's my whole eye now, probably conjuctivitis or some shit. Will be seeing you at some point today Kurto my guy.
Bill: *I need my eyes to write code*
Bill: *I'm not a pirate*
Bill: This has been a long hour.
Bill: Ow.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh pink eye
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Dope
Bill: yeah it's really oof. Cause I really got stuff I wanna focus on but my eye keeps closing.
Tikur (Kurtis): No you won't punk office is closed
Tikur (Kurtis): Also was your hands if you touch your eye, that crap contagious AF
Bill: Yeah been trying not to touch eye.
Bill: I have an appointment at our old place, before we started seeing Hershfield.
Tikur (Kurtis): Gucci 汨
Bill: Still saw hershfield cause mom got him in her pocket lol
Bill: Am I the only one working today.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm off
Nokri (Marisa): I have work but it窶冱 from home with a deadline so basically it窶冱 homework
Andrew: im off
Andrew: eyy
Nokri (Marisa): then perish
Andrew: No that comes tomorrow
Nokri (Marisa): what's tomorrow
Nokri (Marisa): caturday
Aldus Larian (Jess): I took off
Nokri (Marisa): Jess day?
Nokri (Marisa): it窶冱 raining so hard a little chunk of the ceiling fell on my head lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tom took off too <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no! 沽ｭ
Nokri (Marisa): Couples day!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): No offense but new Weiss is dumb as shit
Bill: Ruby looks like... rave version skirt.
Bill: Yang is wearing overalls?
Bill: Weiss looks utterly ridiculous.
Nokri (Marisa): yang has a jumper with tearaway pants
Bill: Mostly the hair.
Bill: The extra belts make her look like a saber knock off.
Nokri (Marisa): i like weiss's hair a lot, blake's outfit is the ridiculous monstrosity
Bill: Blake is cute as shit though.
Nokri (Marisa): she can zip herself up like aizawa in his sleeping bag
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yangs is best tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I窶冦 happy with yang as Steve Erwin
Bill: I mean she looks likes she just got off a shift at a construction site.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Fitting tho
Bill: Blake does have a ridiculous amount of zippers, I give it that. Still cutest.
Bill: I? Guess?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yangs I love
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I will make that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Not a fan of Weiss tho so that窶冱 dead
Bill: Weiss's outfit *might* be better in a different view.
Bill: But that hair.
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i'll steal weiss i like her design~~
Bill: Did she even have enough hair to braid it and have it as long as it was?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _here u go take her_
Bill: Weiss is definitely saber inspired and I find that hilarious.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That braid is way too chonky
Nokri (Marisa): i'm not seeing saber in her at all, where's the saber inspiration?
Bill: The belts and hip bag look like saber's armor.
Bill: Oh god I didn't notice the what, rubber gloves?
Nokri (Marisa): i don't see it at all <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): saber doesn't have hip bags or belts
Nokri (Marisa): her jacket reminds me of something but i can't remember what
Bill: I love the darker jacket.
Bill: I'll give it that.
Bill: I like Ruby and Blake.
Bill: Yang's kinda boring.
Nokri (Marisa): how is everyone's design so complex except for ruby
Bill: Weiss... I want to but.
Bill: It's.
Nokri (Marisa): I JUST FOUND **ANOTHER** ZIPPER ON BLAKE SHE NEEDS TO CHILL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yang is Steve Erwin with a cool bomber jacket and I love
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ruby looks the same to me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Blake is adorns
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Weiss...... eh
Bill: I love Blake's haircut.
Bill: The model *might* help with Weiss.
Bill: But.
Bill: She still loses.
Bill: Ruby looks more badass?
Bill: I never liked the boob window corset for her.
Bill: It's not her.
Nokri (Marisa): ruby has new shoes finally, and her skirt isn't a skirt it's shorts with a half-skirt covering, and her sleeves aren't puffed anymore and her tights are less decorative. she doesn't have the fanny pack anymore and her outfit is a lot more simple overall
Nokri (Marisa): she might still have the window
Bill: if she does it's higher up on the chest.
Bill: I like Ruby.
Bill: Rip combat skirts.
Bill: But the shorts/half skirt is pretty her.
Nokri (Marisa): o i thought that was a continuation of the bustier. it's hard to tell if it's black fabric like the bustier or a mesh of some kind.
Bill: I think it's a mesh kinda see through fabric.
Bill: Yang's bomber is cute.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm weirdly upset over the new designs and i think it's because i can't cosplay
Bill: There is nothing more offensive to you I'm sure. XD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I窶冦 not vibing super hard with anything
Nokri (Marisa): offensive?
Bill: I like Blake, but as a 'she hot' not a cosplay vibe.
Bill: offensive, like, there's nothing you'd hate more about a design than it being impossible to cosplay.
Nokri (Marisa): there's nothing that's impossible to cosplay
Nokri (Marisa): ?
Bill: Then you can cosplay it.
Nokri (Marisa): not me personally
Bill: There's is nothing you can't cosplay.
Nokri (Marisa): i could make the outfit for someone else but the outfit would suck
Nokri (Marisa): i'm just not happy with myself at all <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: It's okay.
Bill: But you can cosplay anything you want to, and it will look fine because you are talented.
Nokri (Marisa): i can cosplay anything i want but that's the thing, it won't look good. never has and never will. the outfit will fall apart because i can't try it on at home and work out the flaws, and i'll look like an evil goblin
Bill: You are biased against yourself because of your self esteem.
Bill: Happens to everyone, especially artists.
Bill: Yang is growing on me.
Nokri (Marisa): and 11 years of cosplaying while still being a lowlife nobody <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: What do you want, instagram fame? That just brings weirdos or compels you to sell bath water.
Nokri (Marisa): no, i already get people who send me hate and insult me
Bill: I pictured Yang crouched over a enemy camp on a cliff and it's pretty badass.
Nokri (Marisa): i just want to be happy ;u;
and maybe know some of the people that i know. like, i know them but they don't know me. ~~like how hunter treats me~~
Bill: You know us. and all of courtney's group. Hunter does know you, Hunter just moves at his own pace. He chases his famous virginia friends.
Bill: Happiness isn't found through cosfame.
Nokri (Marisa): but i don't know you guys too well. i know you on the internet. i barely know anybody in bne. the people i've worked for at zenkaikon for ages don't know me.
Bill: What makes you think you don't know us...?
Nokri (Marisa): i know i'm never going to get cosfame and i don't want it. i already get people telling me i'm a whore and that my costumes are inaccurate.
but it hurts when i get ignored by people who promised i can go back to work for them and ignore my application, then don't even say hi to me or wave back when i see them in public. it hurts to be the friend of a friend for somebody for 10 years and you follow them and you see them at cons, but they don't even know you because you're just the friend of a friend and that's all you'll ever be.
Nokri (Marisa): we barely see each other
Bill: Anyone calling you a whore is someone you shouldn't listen to. Where do you find these people.
Nokri (Marisa): i know it's my own fault we barely see each other
Nokri (Marisa): they find me on instagram and facebook and send me messages and comment. i don't go seeking people who insult me
Nokri (Marisa): or in person. i've had people tell me to make my costumes better in person.
Bill: The Zenkaikon stuff is harsh, I'm sorry you had to deal will it. It sounds like the entire con is a mess and that's not your fault. People often take hard workers and dedicated people who aren't out going for granted.
Nokri (Marisa): the negative really outweighs the positive for me nowadays and the only reason i keep cosplay is because it makes me happy
Nokri (Marisa): just me dressing up like a nerd. it makes me happy even if it displeases other people.
Nokri (Marisa): i want it to make other people happy though. that would be nice.
Bill: As for friend of a friend, it's actually hard to break from that mold. If you really want to be friend on your own term, you need to put active effort in. Meet up with them independently of the other person, define a relationship between the two of you without the mutual person. Otherwise you stay as friend of friend.
Bill: Just because we don't see you, doesn't mean you don't know us.
Bill: Again, whoever is hating on you like that is fucked up in the head.
Bill: So you are doing cosplay for the right reasons. For you, first and foremost.
Bill: And next time you think you don't make other people happy, remember that I, and everyone here likes to see your work.
Bill: And, I recall at least 4 times someone smiled and wanted your picture at Next, and we weren't together that long when you were in Raphtalia.
Nokri (Marisa): i've tried that. you can only go up to someone so many times and say "hi, i'm ____'s friend" before that's all they see you as.
my work is bad, it's the lowest level of everyone here. people probably smiled because they saw the shield hero.
Bill: Your work is good.
Bill: I said define a relationship WITHOUT being their friend. If you say "I'm X'
Nokri (Marisa): like this dress i have here. it's made so shoddily. it doesn't have a lining and the fabric is thin and cheap. it's not serged in the right color.
Bill: I said define a relationship WITHOUT being their friend. If you say "I'm X's friend" that is what they will see you as. If you say "I'm Marisa, I like cosplaying X too", you are your own person.
Nokri (Marisa): they don't believe you if you're not cosplaying it in the moment
Nokri (Marisa): or they see pictures and they get disappointed
Bill: Why? I believe that.
Bill: Marisa, people are not disappointed looking at your work...
Nokri (Marisa): i've sat through countless homestuck meetups taking pictures not in homestuck cosplay, and when i talk to people at the meetup they're shocked i like homestuck.
they are
Bill: Homestuck is a bad example though, cause of the fandom it was.
Bill: Very... tight knit?
Nokri (Marisa): do you know how many comments i've had to delete, that i'm too tal or that my wig looks wrong, or that my my cape would be better if the edges were hemmed differently, or if i was cuter, or if my eyes weren't as creepy, or if my outfit wasn't as wrinkled or i had a better nose
Nokri (Marisa): homestuck's fandom is the opposite of tight knit
Nokri (Marisa): there were fandoms within the fandom
Nokri (Marisa): and some of those comments being said right to my face
Bill: I'm sorry, you're too *tall?*
Nokri (Marisa): that people aren't my friends anymore because i've bought some of my costumes, or that i don't make costumes up to their own standards
Nokri (Marisa): i wanted to show them at animenext because i thought raphalita's under garments were some of the nicer things i've made, but it got covered by the horrible armor so when i went to talk with them i was ignored by all but one of them
Nokri (Marisa): yeah i've been called too tall for a few costumes
Bill: Marisa, you aren't even 5 feet tall. Whoever is seriously saying that is an idiot.
Nokri (Marisa): i am 5 feet tho
Nokri (Marisa): maybe i've been cosplaying too long. none of these expectations were there the first 5-6 years but after that point cosplay became a much harsher world
Nokri (Marisa): people like my costumes better when i buy them which says a lot about my sewing
Bill: I can't convince you you have the talents you do and are worthy. Only you can tell yourself that. I know you've had a hard time in the past. If you think every interaction will be like that though, you'll never get the chance to see a different reaction. As for friends? It's quality over quantity. Don't stress people who treat you poorly, not everyone is going to like you. It's the people who do care about you, who are interested you, who support you to focus on. If they can't see what I see, it's their loss.
Nokri (Marisa): it drives me to keep getting better. but it feels like i'm going backwards.
Nokri (Marisa): i keep trying to reblog things on tumblr but my queue is too dummy thicc and xkit is alerting me it's too full
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Nah your way better than me
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Only my bought costumes get any recognition
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It's also like...
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Like I like leo alot
El氣電e Faun (Tom): But not alot of people know him so I don't get any recognition
El氣電e Faun (Tom): But I slap on Ren and people are like OO REN YOO
El氣電e Faun (Tom): There are like 5 popular fandoms it feels like at any given time and if you don't cosplay from them you won't get the recognition you deserve ya know
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It's frustrating for me too
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Esp you cosplay lots of obscure stuffs
Nokri (Marisa): i can't think of too many obscure things, unless what i consider obscure isn't very obscure.
dani and rune factory mostly <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): harvest moon magical melody is ridiculous
Nokri (Marisa): the rival was like. a cow......boygirl depending on your gender
El氣電e Faun (Tom): If consider them obscure I think
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Like Tekken isn't obscure but it ain't a main fandom ya know
Nokri (Marisa): yee those are the only ones i can think of that are obscure
tekken i wouldn't consider obscure <:woah:543194447345876998> but it has a lot of characters right?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It does yeahhh..
Nokri (Marisa): Full tekken cosplay group when
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Woah
Bill: My fucking eye.
Nokri (Marisa): that looks fun
Nokri (Marisa): if i photoshop makeup on it will u enjoy it
Nokri (Marisa): Flawless. A true beauty.
Nokri (Marisa): you can wear an eyepatch
Nokri (Marisa): and be super anime
