El氣電e Faun (Tom): YE
Bill: https://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-news/2019/08/16/get-paid-to-write-about-anime <@!301927856240459777> <- You should do this.
Bill: No one knows anime better.
Nokri (Marisa): what's an anime
idk how to write
Bill: > paid
> anime knowledge is the prerequisite
> you have no reason not to try
Bill: https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/cruxzu/best_seat_in_the_car_cake_day_repost/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app I had a dream about having a dog and cat (and also sword fighting idk man) and now this doggo has my heart.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oops it appears I have slept til noon and still have a headache
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): How does one be unlucky enough to wake up with a headache
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Happens to me all the time.
Aldus Larian (Jess): tom gets a headache if he sleeps more that 8 hrs <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Whoa that窶冱 never happened to me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I slept like 10 hours tho ye
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Same Tom same
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think it窶冱 some dehydration
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hydrate or diedrate
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah I sometimes get headaches if I sleep too much. And if I go to sleep to try to get rid of a headache, I wake up with the same headache
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sometimes worse
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yep me too LMAO. Like its excedrin or migraine meds or bust
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My mom got migraines pretty bad where she had to sleep them off
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Surprised I haven窶冲 inherited them
Aldus Larian (Jess): might not get them till your a little older
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Must be that quarter life body breaking down thing
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Nice <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _fuck I only have 4 years til I start dying, what do I do_
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ignore it
Tikur (Kurtis): Brace for impact
El氣電e Faun (Tom): <:Shooketh_Honda_San:605590718026874901>
Nokri (Marisa): I wish we knew what was consciousness is and how it窶冱 formed. I want to talk to a rock for many years about various subjects and nurture it until it gains sentience and grows into another being and I die and it carries on my legacy to a plant.
Nokri (Marisa): Or maybe it窶冤l go through a rebellious stage and start a new civil war. That窶冱 life.
Andrew: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-QjRTz-TII
<@!350855105123319808>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah conciousness is wack
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Like what's holding my conciousness in my body
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Why am I not suddenly you one day?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): What makes you, you and me me
El氣電e Faun (Tom): **Mememe**
Nokri (Marisa): are plants conscious in the same way we are? cells? mushrooms? do tables have consciousness?
is personality part of your consciousness? if personality can change, does that mean our consciousness also changes in some way? if a person has dementia and believes their life is different, does that alter their actual consciousness or just their brain/personality?
Nokri (Marisa): *answer the questions tom*
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oo the big one so you control your decisions like, your instincts tell you to do one this but you have control over whether you do that thing
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Is that your conciousness controlling your brain?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Or two parts of your brain arguing
Nokri (Marisa): ooo like the fate vs autonomy debate?
or we control everything but is it really us or another side of us that we're unaware of?
Nokri (Marisa): wait i know this
Nokri (Marisa): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I mean more human programming versus youre controll over it
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Like decision making really separates us from animals
Nokri (Marisa): *or does it*
Bill: Everything is in my apartment and things are starting to go into places and it nice. Very nice.
Nokri (Marisa): t e t r i s
Bill: It feels like it should be 6pm tho.
Nokri (Marisa): it is!
Nokri (Marisa): my friend went to the best store ever and i'm a little jealous
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): dang it's in thailand
Nokri (Marisa): i thought it was in tokyo she must be travelling
Aldus Larian (Jess): We did yard work and now I am 50 % scratches and possibly poison ivy <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): But the front yard look .2% better
Nokri (Marisa): that name is already taken though so you're gonna need to pick another super villain/hero name
Aldus Larian (Jess): Na my villian name is 50% Scratches
El氣電e Faun (Tom): sorry i ran to sssist with poison
El氣電e Faun (Tom): what i was gonna follow up with was
El氣電e Faun (Tom): if we are truley just evolved animals and yet lots of people consider the animal kingdom more pure than ours, like a lion killing a zebra to eat, why is that any better than humans just doing what humans do?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): just thoguhts that have popped into my head at various times
El氣電e Faun (Tom): also woah daddy and muscle academy wack
Nokri (Marisa): very few other species farm animals for food like we do <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): lions and zebras are cool that's why they're better 沽
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Did you know one hamburger creates as much pollution as 1 car driving 55 miles
Nokri (Marisa): how that <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk my moms friend told her that
El氣電e Faun (Tom): meat is a huge pollutant
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo I think that's for fast food burgers? I feel like over read that before
El氣電e Faun (Tom): i dont remember the math tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whooo I don't this is poison just scratches! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna stream picture editing but honestly it'd just be me zooming uncomfortably close up on someone's face and then browsing invader zim memes for 6 minutes
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nice
Nokri (Marisa): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Are they from zim?
Nokri (Marisa): ye!
Nokri (Marisa): new movie
Nokri (Marisa): madoka finally paid me, which i'm pleased because her shoot was arguably the best of otakon and i wanted to use them for advertising, and also i used it to buy supplies so now i get to track 26 packages through the mail
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Wooo!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): GOOD
Nokri (Marisa): i need to come up with some kind of cat keychain design
because i absolutely needed these
Nokri (Marisa): i was thinkin' of making resin keychains with little clocks embedded in them but then when the battery ran out there'd be no way to replace it so that was a bust
Nokri (Marisa): OH NO I JUST FOUND THESE
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): *next time*
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): biru how many flower hair clips do you want as repayment for sakura sunday
i bought enough supplies to make.... roughly 20 maybe
Nokri (Marisa): OR a hat
Nokri (Marisa): or a mix idk i just know there are $30 of supplies on their way over from china right now and there will be a lot to make
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Marisa do you have your ears pierced? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I can't seem to remember
Nokri (Marisa): nooo
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I didn't think so <:thinku:543194478614413318> and Georgia doesn't either I think
Nokri (Marisa): pierceless party, pierced people need a special invite to attend
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I've been really thinking about getting my ears pierced lately
El氣電e Faun (Tom): But idk what I'd wear
Nokri (Marisa): i almost bought clip-on earring bases, i think i put them in my cart for next time i make an order since i wasn't sure what i'd make them into
Nokri (Marisa): also i already have some for cosplay somewhere
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Thre fact that John C. Reilly is in the MCU is such a trip
Bill: The come over meme but the reason is I live 3 minutes from a chili窶冱.
Bill: Things have mostly settled at the apartment. Looks great. Wondering if I should skip posting photos and let the anticipation build for whenever people come to see it.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'd totally go for the 7th
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It's heroes and villains weekend
Kaio Vermino (Lee): That means I could finally reuse Harley lmao
Kaio Vermino (Lee): .....how did this send on this channel
Tikur (Kurtis): Magic, just like this thunderstorm
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Omg it's so cool
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I was by Roxbury when it started
Bill: Had to run into the apartment.
Bill: First night to actually stay here.
Bill: Fucking optimum guy didn't leave my account number.
Bill: grr.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oof
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah we're rained into a panera
El氣電e Faun (Tom): But it okay
Bill: This kind of storm usually passes quick.
Bill: Since my apartment is in Building 42, the wifi (when I finally get access to it) will be "Oh no Not again"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Good I'm glad
Bill: My diskstation (when I actually copy everything off Dad's at home) is the Heart of Gold.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't get it 沽ｭ
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy reference
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oooo ok yea that makes sense
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Pretty much that.
Tikur (Kurtis): Me just existing
