デイブ: ~~those aren't gamer chairs~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Oh, you’re a gamer chair? Name 5 games you’ve games.
Bill: I have called out because I feel light headed and gross. Will I be better in the afternoon, maybe, but at this point it a mental health day too.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Treat yo self
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it's too quiet. we need some personality tests up in here.
Bill: Mood. Still early. And my head hurts.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): darn i found a good looking one but it's under construction
put head on pillow
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): put cold spoon on head
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): like a pillow-head-spoon snowman
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): https://www.41q.com/
Bill: You and spoons.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): have you ever used one? they're so helpgul
Bill: Only sporks for me.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): *not adam sandler*
デイブ: 🤔
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Honestly i woke up stressed today too cause I can hear my mom venting to her friends about not having enough time to prep the house to be sold, and Noah was talking to me last night about how he’s had a bout of depression
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So even tho I have a long to do list I’m gonna try to hang out with my baby cousin after work
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ✨ Mental Health Day ✨
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): feel better dudes 🌈
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Claire is a good baby so she will bring healing 🙌
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Not to mention I can hug and play with her, without worrying about college and real world problems for her
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Dave is your personality true? Is that your life
Healing baby
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): she like todoroki, she a good baby
デイブ: Uhhh sure, 👶
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): SHE DOES she kept grabbing his face on my shirt at NYE
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye she thinks Todoroki is cool so she must be a force of good
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): She also admires buttons cause she kept touching the buttons on Noah’s flannel
Bill: 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Such a shock we’re all judging introverts
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): eXtRoVeRt????
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): :3c
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): you're shining too brightly i can't look directly at you
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): my mom said that some people are intimidated by my  "shining light presence"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): she said it could scare people off
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): or they could be like moths and think im a cool kid
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it's like a superpower, you're like a nightlight
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): good for children bad for monsters
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _yes_
Dirty Lego (Tom): ☝ ☝ ☝ 🤘
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): waluigi
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): so many hyperrealistic drawings of wario but so little of waluigi. maybe that's why he wasn't included in smash.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Marisa I keep forgetting that your in our time zone jow
Dirty Lego (Tom): Freaky
Bill: oooh, now would be a great time to get BNE to back me on Marisa blocking that stalker.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Hewwo USA
<:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’ve been meaning to post in beef but I gotta prepare myself for him to message me again
Bill: I'mma ask BNE what they think. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~that not an objection~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Who is calling me when I’m strapped into a corset and 10,000 needles I am going to Murder
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): My cat is in my hoop skirt hehehe
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Take pic
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Skirt too long she can’t be seen that’s why it’s funny
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hehe
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): OH yeah like I’m wearing it and she’s in it
She’s not on top of it
Bill: Do I want to post the summer loving album of Erik and Lanie...
Bill: Seems weird timing.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): just do it
Bill: Eh. I have other things to post tho.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i feel like all of my content is from 50 billion years ago
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): weather needs to get warm so we can shoooooooooot
Bill: Has been awhile.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like i have maybe 50 unposted photos from previous shoots
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and when katsu comes i wanna start transitioning to new content
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but i feel like my old content is SO old
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I post stuff from 5 years ago I think ur fine posting old stuff
Bill: Make sure to schedule time for it then. You’re the busy one in spring.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BIRU can we do mononoke woods shoot when the weather gets gud?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Go into the woods
Frolic
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Touch a tree (with consent)
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): although going into the woods with me and tom ups your chance of seeing a bear like 50%
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Touch a bear (with consent)
Bill: I’ve seen so many in my backyard.
Bill: Also ye.
Bill: I need to do more shooting. Especially if I buy some stuff for lighting.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): whooo
Bill: Nier at buttermilk falls too.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YE
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): NIER AUTOMATOOT
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Don’t forget fishing poles and mackerel
Bill: *... she has a good point*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): who wants to be the mackeral
Bill: Speaking of, time to go shopping for lights and sell old camera gear Ron and Mr Braun have given me.
Bill: I thought about trying to do a kofi, but there’s no way anyone would give me money and light equipment too expensive for that. I’ll have to see what’s affordable.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cant u do kofi goals tho?
Bill: Ye. No one will do it, by my guess, and that’d be hella embarrassing, like that print shop ping to BNE.
Bill: Also we’re talking this stuff is like 500+ kofis.
Bill: 199 for two soft boxes that are smaller than the ones hunter used, but that’s still better than I thought it’d be.
Bill: There’s also umbrella lighting.... ~~And will I really use these or will they end up in the pile of stuff I buy when filled with hopes and dreams~~
Bill: Guy makes a good argument that I could do a flash setup with a bit more forward. Remote flashes, which are diffused, way more portable, useable on camera...
Bill: But again use.
