Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@245270932602486784>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I hope you guys can get a new door nob, they aren't bad to replace
Andrew: <@!301927856240459777>  its 4am but I did it. Am caught up.
Bill: Using a blow dryer again felt so good~
Tikur (Kurtis): Found more Mt.Dew frosting trapped in my glasses 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): how did this happen?
Tikur (Kurtis): I ate the frosting Eric didn't want and it got in my glasses somehow 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao why are you like this?
Tikur (Kurtis): I wish I knew fam 😅
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao
Bill: RIP canada office
Bill: ~~no wonder they have a cockroach problem~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://tenor.com/view/ants-archer-gif-5583077
Bill: YES
Bill: Hella Mega goes on sale in 15 minutes.
Bill: Was that a 'hotel block for a con selling out in minutes' kinda thing?
Aldus Larian (Jess): FUCK I totally forgot
Bill: https://www1.ticketmaster.com/event/02005726E7F8AD63?dma_id=345&irgwc=1&clickid=wn80VBVuUxyJWmTwUx0Mo38zUkn0nC0hwQCSyo0&camefrom=CFC_BUYAT_1387536&impradid=1387536&REFERRAL_ID=tmfeedbuyat1387536&wt.mc_id=aff_BUYAT_1387536&utm_source=1387536-Seated&impradname=Seated&utm_medium=affiliate
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea its prob gonna sell out fast
Aldus Larian (Jess): did someone preorder an album tho?
Bill: there's mailing list presales too
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thought that was 11?
also, you signed up for mailing list?
Bill: I just signed up for Weezer?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I signed up for mailing list
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): if you signed up for any of them you get access at 11
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo opps i didn not
Aldus Larian (Jess): are we going to purchase together?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think <@!334090409389195266> said they pre-ordered Green Day?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think it would make sense to order together
Bill: I'm on board with one person ordering for the group, but I can't volunteer to be the one to charge it. I've got all the CCE stuff on my card rn.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont have the pre order thingy
Bill: I don't have anything either. Maybe they'll be sending a code to the mailing list at 11?
Bill: I didn't even get an email saying "welcome to the mailing list" or anything :thinkl
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): should have gotten your code yesterdat
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I got one
Bill: rip I signed up 5 minutes ago so I might not get one
Aldus Larian (Jess): uhh i have the count down thing but idk if htat will work
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): although the tickmaster countdown says 4 minutes, but I didn't pre-order anything? so.... not sure if that'll go through? also says you can only make one purchase at a time
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats what i have too,,
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh so u can only but one at a time? D:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): wtf?
Aldus Larian (Jess): so that means no one can sit near each other? wtf
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok it took me to the pre-sale page but not letting me get tickets for another hour
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm ok mine just says 1414 people ahead of you
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): BRUH
Aldus Larian (Jess): WUT
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wat
Bill: That might be referring to American Express only?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i got here but i need a code and i sont have one lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah I redid it and it changed
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the code for 11am is *HELLAMEGA*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 10am pre-sale each got unique codes
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo gothca
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): seems like the opper seats are around 40?
Bill: I'm in as well
Aldus Larian (Jess): and 65
Aldus Larian (Jess): for a bit closer
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): GA is $30
Aldus Larian (Jess): i can see prices but they all for American express
Aldus Larian (Jess): is GA the pit?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no the field
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, that was AmEx pricing as well
Aldus Larian (Jess): OO FIELD ok sorry i am not versed in the concerts
Bill: I'm against the field personally
Bill: You can buy four tickets on a single account
Aldus Larian (Jess): im fine with it but if the far seats are only 10 bucks more thats fine too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I personally don't mind field but we'll see what we can get
Bill: and you can buy AMEX now
Aldus Larian (Jess): OO really?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): don't you need an AmEx card?
Bill: It let me click through further in the purchase screen
Bill: Nope has to be AMEX
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn
Aldus Larian (Jess): might have to just try for GA then?
Aldus Larian (Jess): someone could do 4 and someone else could do four?
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh wait is GA sold out now? shit
Aldus Larian (Jess): it keeps changing for me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's also like $20 in extra fees
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): per ticket
Aldus Larian (Jess): of course lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 4 GA tix at $29.50 each ends up being about $200
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but seeing as i was thinking anything was going to be 100+ id say not too bad?
Bill: if mailing list presale is 11am, that may open up new tickets
Aldus Larian (Jess): tru
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ye
Bill: yeeee that actually makes sense, I haven't seen anything other than AMEX and D2C, which are the only things open
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think our best bet to actually all be together is lawn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah because those won't be numbered
Bill: Might be able to get seats sequentially if we have two people pick from the same row back to back
Aldus Larian (Jess): *maybe* but it risky cuz theres like 100 other people
Aldus Larian (Jess): or more
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh, so parking is one of those additional fees so that's good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.crocs.com/c/sale
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Crocs are on sale btw
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh I'm definitely getting my whole family Crocs with this sale lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Christmas shall be entertaining
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!351471675843411978> <@!184437198865563648> y'all in queue at all?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i in queue
Aldus Larian (Jess): 393
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm at 341
Aldus Larian (Jess): we goin for GA?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I would say that's our safest bet. I know Bill doesn't really want to though
Bill: I don’t, but is okay. I’m not in queue though, I had to leave for an appointment
Aldus Larian (Jess): ya :/ i know it an be rough but i dont see us getting aligned with seats
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): want me to grab 4 GA seats?
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE 👍
Aldus Larian (Jess): 4 and 4 should cover me, tom, Erik, billy, my firend, lee, georgia and lees bro?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do we want physical tickets?
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah printable is fine
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it says mobile isn't available to print
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is odd
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo its on the app hmm
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have a ticketmaster account apparently
Aldus Larian (Jess): ill pay the 5 for mail i guess
Aldus Larian (Jess): what are doing? app?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just did app 😬
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok ill do that too then
Aldus Larian (Jess): GOT IT
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): SAME
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we can transfer tickets to people
Bill: I’ll pay someone whatever whenever
Bill: Gotta tell Katy oops
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok neat, we can transfer tickets to people via email 👍
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh wiat was the 8th for lee's bro or katy?
Bill: Lee’s bro.
Bill: Katy said she was down and was checking with her Erik.
Bill: I’d say we could pick them up but idk if she’s going to have her Erik or not
Aldus Larian (Jess): Cuz right now the 8 are: Jess, Tom Erik, Lee, Jenn, Lee's Bro and Georgia
Bill: I texted her with the presale code, hopefully she can book herself
Aldus Larian (Jess): oket dokey
Bill: That’s seven lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): and you!
Bill: And me!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mine says GA23 what wdoes your say <@!386874959009415170> ?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Same
Aldus Larian (Jess): coo coo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's just open field so sit/stand wherever
Aldus Larian (Jess): yupyup
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@351471675843411978> did you get ticket insurance as well?
Aldus Larian (Jess): no D:
Bill: She’s covered either way, I bought three from the app. Two for her and her Erik, and I got an extra. In case me (lol) or Erik wanna bring a date or some shit
Aldus Larian (Jess): i can still do it if people want its its $9 a ticket
Bill: Or more likely, Noah.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Why would Erik need a date if he's dating your sister?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh you meant me
Bill: Lol ye
Bill: That girl at the spa was def checkin you out after all XD
Bill: ~~I swear what were the odds of finding two Erik’s who spell their name with a K I didn’t even know that was a thing till I met you~~
Bill: Anyway we’re covered.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): She was? Lmao I didn't even notice
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh shit I just saw all this now :o
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yall got tickets already? I'll let my bro know
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEET
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Thank you guys for doing that! I was in an interview and couldnt have done it if I wanted to xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHOO!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): WOO HOW'D IT GO?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I mean.... they pay trash so I was like " mmmm ok nah fam" in my head
Bill: Where with tho?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But they want to hire me. But I'm gonna turn them down because 10 dollars an hour AND having to work every weekend is a trash deal
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I need to pay my bills
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And my mental health needs to have at least one weekend day to hang out with friends when everyone is on weekend
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeahh
Bill: Good call
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It was grooming apprentice for Petco. On the phone she said starting pay was 16hr. And then after training it goes up plus commission. But in the store during the interview they told me its 10.50hr and you get 50% of each dog you groom....which is honestly not a lot because when you start you only get like 3 dogs a day and the most expensive grooming usually goes to senior groomers
Kaio Vermino (Lee): So like lmao...  no
Bill: You said they really want to hire you?
Nokri (Marisa): Dog grooming is super tough and risky
Bill: If you’re going to turn it down anyway, why not be ballsy and call back saying you want 16 and weekends off/ one weekend off a month. If they say no, it’s literally no loss.
Nokri (Marisa): "and i want a sword!"
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I did lmao
Kaio Vermino (Lee): They were like " even our seniors get paid that much"
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And in that moment I was like
Kaio Vermino (Lee): " aight  ima head out"
Bill: 🤔 I’m wondering if that’s a negotiation tactic. Say about the seniors and the new hire won’t say “16 make or break”, which would force the business to decide
Bill: Just thinking tho, you know what you’re doing
Nokri (Marisa): $16 sounds like good pay to me, it doesn't sound unreasonable for the seniors to make that much money. but also dog grooming is terrifying
Nokri (Marisa): i would hope they have insurance
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I mean I've worked with aggressive dogs since I started working
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): isn't that what Jamie did for like, a day?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): So that's not really a problem for me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and then decided it was too stressful and quit
Nokri (Marisa): so brave
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But the pay and the schedule is shit
Nokri (Marisa): is that why you cosplayed clifford? to establish dominance
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Like my own dog is aggressive towards other dogs
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Also yes. Clifford to establish dominance
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I am alpha
Bill: is a bad day for spiders, got back to see one on my desk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My spider lost a lantern fly so yes, truly a bad day for spiders 😭
Nokri (Marisa): BUNNY GIRL MAKER
Nokri (Marisa): https://picrew.me/image_maker/52358
Dizzy: Hello! I made it a'okay!
Nokri (Marisa): subscribe to my patreon
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAAAS
Tikur (Kurtis): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yassss
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 
Tikur (Kurtis): Yassssss
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I rode that that’s the Orlando eye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Kayaking with bioluminescent jellyfish
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hiking through the SWAMP lookin for SHREK
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A Soccer Game™️
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Anyways so NASA has been good, this is week 4 out of 16 and I miss you all!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But in the meantime I’m making good use of my time here 💪
Aldus Larian (Jess): we miss you too! but im glad you're having fun and being awesome!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WHERE ARE THE JELLIES
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WE HAD TO PUT THE GLOW BOIS BACK IN THE WATER SO THEY DIDNT DROWN
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Here’s my friend holding one tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They glow when you poke them
El🆓de Faun (Tom): He look afraid of the water lightning bug
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He was like “it’s so squishy”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I poked it and it felt like actual jelly
Kaio Vermino (Lee): yo i just discovered if i get a hunterdon county libraru card i can get "museum passes" which are free passes that get in 4-6 people to certain museums for free. grounds for sculpture is one of them.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): also eastern state penitentiary
Bill: I need to go to grounds for sculpture 👀
Bill: I also no longer have weekend plans till ANYC
Bill: Cept Brandon and Lizi’s wedding.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ima try and get  library card then, it seems like a pain in the ass because its the county library and they want you to have proof of residence from your towns library first, but ive got time to kill so mind as well go deal with it xD
Kaio Vermino (Lee): i think its worth it to get into these places free
Bill: Lol what is with all the restrictions, it’s not a gun license
Kaio Vermino (Lee): its stupid ngl
Kaio Vermino (Lee): theyre treating it like some prestigious thing when in reality its quite literally a freaking library card <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ya boi is an insured renter <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): WOOOOOOOOOOO
