Bill: I still have to build my headboard but I’ll wait till tomorrow afternoon so I’m not banging shit all night.
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: This may seem simple to you crafty people but FUCK I’m proud of myself for getting those to fit.
Bill: ~~yes I did tech colors oops~~
Bill: Got every drawer! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: I actually needed one more sheet of green, but scraps were only a half inch off or so, that’ll do.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Just lining the drawers with foam?
Bill: Yeah, the wood’s unfinished in the drawers so it’s to protect whatever camera equipment ends up in each.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Gotcha
Bill: Gotta actually put everything in but I’m now hungry.
Bill: I feel like treating myself to pizza from the place in the plaza cause I not only made foam liners, I got the closet organized AND, the greatest of feelings, built furniture that sits level without my Dad’s help!
Bill: That last one is like.
Bill: So adult mood.
Bill: Mega printer finally isn’t on a floor!
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Woah they fit perfect
Nokri (Marisa): may i propose
<:ree:614992345104121856>
Nokri (Marisa): <:ree:614992345104121856>
Nokri (Marisa): what think?
Bill: So opinions.
Bill: Leave lens on desk like this (this desk is going to be just the light and mat, it’s for when I need a work space to clean camera or something without my computers in the way)
Bill: Or put them in drawers, keeping in mind Stalker lens only fits vertically in one of the bottom drawers, and it could theoretically tilt and “fall” in the drawer.
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): hide in drawer so if house gets broken into it's not in plain sight
Bill: I think all the macbooks are going to be more lucrative XD
Nokri (Marisa): they're also small and people will take everything, even that super fancy lamp
Bill: I’m mostly worried bumping the desk could shift the rack off the desk. That said, I absolute love the aesthetic.
Nokri (Marisa): found lee's bed
Aldus Larian (Jess): *all* the Macnooks? How many do you have?
Bill: Two. Ones from work. XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo
Nokri (Marisa): at least hide your work mac
Aldus Larian (Jess): they look neat on the desk
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Correct, beetlejuice is in my bed
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Also I like them on the desk too
Nokri (Marisa): i think i'm realizing it might not be 100% common practice to hide computers and cameras inside drawers and under clothes/in boxes when leaving the house
Nokri (Marisa): i used to hide my gameboy under a giant pile of garbage and it worked to keep it safe when we were robbed once <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): my psp wasn't so lucky
Nokri (Marisa): in a box in a drawer in the closet
Bill: It is not, but you are being smart about it.
Bill: One of my cousins had game boys and such stolen basically every year as a kid.
Bill: I dunno how.
Nokri (Marisa): ouch
Bill: IM CUTE AS SHIT
Nokri (Marisa): my cousin stole my psp because he couldn't pay his drug money
Nokri (Marisa): **SON**
Bill: I’ve saved a handful of cards I’ve gotten with nice messages and important memories and now I’ve got em on top of the cabinets it’s SUPER cute.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i do that too! i put them on my fridge and then they go in a box eventually
Bill: <@!351785752197201920> you member?
Nokri (Marisa): what security does your apartment have?
Bill: Deadbolt, door lock, and chain. Nothing Seven worthy.
Bill: I could see getting an alarm system if I can afford one. My parents have one...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Does the complex itself have cameras set up around?
Bill: I also have renters insurance which would cover loss.
Nokri (Marisa): omg yeah at least get a camera or security system
Bill: I don’t think so.
Bill: A lot of cops live in the complex tho.
Bill: And their families.
Nokri (Marisa): if you're gonna have mega expensive stuff out like that you gotta have some kind of security
Bill: I could look into that. Good idea Mawisa.
Bill: I was already considering getting a smart lock for the door.
Nokri (Marisa): i know that while we might not be able to pay the internet or electric bill from time to time, we always ensure the security system is working
Nokri (Marisa): and last month or so we were able to replace the decoy cameras with real cameras paid for by the office. we have some out in the parking lot and our car was still broken into recently.
my sister lives in our cousin's old house, who is a cop who always parked his car out front. she has cameras inside and out, and her car was also broken into recently
Nokri (Marisa): get a lock with a camera if you can afford it. any other lock can be broken into
Nokri (Marisa): or rather, any lock in general can be opened. and they might steal all your stuff but at least you'll have video evidence of it which can help with the search, or at the very least provide sufficient proof to your insurance company
Nokri (Marisa): no cameras or proof of the theft occurring = no reimbursement from the insurance company
Nokri (Marisa): sometimes the cameras don't work though (night vision is too hard to see, doesn't activate if motion sensor, doesn't record properly, gets obstructed by a person who sees it). you can try the hair/pencil lead/tape tricks to see if anyone ever enters your apartment, but if your door is exposed to the outside elements then it might not work properly, and also it would just be for you. can't actually prove to police or anyone else that someone else entered, but you can see it yourself.
Nokri (Marisa): sorry i'm ranting i just take security of possessions very seriously. the chain only works when you're actually in the house. you live on an upper floor which is a great advantage because no one can easily cut your window screens, but locks and deadbolts are *so* easy to break into. my sister taught me how when i was like 10 because she lived in an old house and the doors would get stuck easily. it took like 5 minutes to show me how to open a lock, and they sell those kits on amazon now so break-ins are very common
Nokri (Marisa): <:ree:614992345104121856>
Nokri (Marisa): biru get back here and beef up your defenses
do you even keep a bucket of crushed glass next to your front door?? smh
Nokri (Marisa): also make sure you have a fire extinguisher
Nokri (Marisa): this applies to everybody chop chop
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao home alone strats?
Nokri (Marisa): oo does he do that in the movie?
Nokri (Marisa): i was told the bucket thing by a professor in college
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oof your strats making my house look like. Theif's paradise
Nokri (Marisa): *beef up jess*
Aldus Larian (Jess): The screens already cut 🎉
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We leave the door unlocked sometimes
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oops
Aldus Larian (Jess): We left the windows open during all of otakon
Nokri (Marisa): WHAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): It was an accident
El🆓de Faun (Tom): To be fair we don't live in an apartment complex
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We were careful when we did
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I feel like it's far more likely
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ahh I went to go turn the pool filter off and the dog barked at something in the dark and so I got all freaked out
Nokri (Marisa): every house i've lived in has gotten robbed at one point
i was in a school play and my parents had to leave because the house was being robbed
Bill: Downstairs neighbors leave their door unlocked we think.
Bill: Sorry, was finishing up stuff.
Nokri (Marisa): absolutely crazy
Bill: I think I official feel "in" the apartment.
Nokri (Marisa): well i mean it's one thing if you don't have anything of value to lose. a robber would have a hard time finding anything in here and moving past the front door because of how crowded it is, somewhere more spacious with valuables just sitting out in the open is far easier
Aldus Larian (Jess): My brother's house has three security cameras but I broke in with a piece of plastic <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): story! story! story!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I locked myself out while chasing his dog that I was babysitting
Aldus Larian (Jess): So I broke in with the door to the cat litter box
Aldus Larian (Jess): And then I was like "you gotta fix your door"
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think he installed the cameras after that thoigh
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA he did otherwise he would have been watching me on his phone lol
Nokri (Marisa): wh
where was the cat litter box
Aldus Larian (Jess): Inside but they didn't use the door and it was outside for trash I think?
Nokri (Marisa): https://picrew.me/image_maker/85020
Nokri (Marisa): you know the deal
Aldus Larian (Jess): that looks kina like eriks boi already!
Nokri (Marisa): *it's anime me*
Nokri (Marisa): *it's the official anime me™*
Nokri (Marisa): *look*
Bill: This is a good one, I just wish it had more shirt options.
Bill: 
Bill: Mawisa is supa cute!
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Bill: no u
Nokri (Marisa): i know you are
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That art so good
El🆓de Faun (Tom): so accurate
El🆓de Faun (Tom): thats exactly how you look
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): so colorful
Bill: Hoooopefully the transition between my file syncs with Dad's server to mine go smoothly. 😬
Bill: You look cute too Jessu!
Aldus Larian (Jess): wow thank
Nokri (Marisa): your picture reminded me that freaking romance updated tonight :3c
Aldus Larian (Jess): yEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have so many webtoons to catch up on
Nokri (Marisa): me too aaaaaahhh i've let a lot of them slip through the cracks when they were updating irregularly
Aldus Larian (Jess): now they're like all back at once XD
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH COME ON WEBTOONS WHY YOU GOTTA BE THAT WAY
Nokri (Marisa): Biru you need this in your apartment
Nokri (Marisa): No house is complete without a Cory shrine in it
Aldus Larian (Jess): My parents water smallest like metal wack
Bill: is it well?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye
Bill: probably where they are, yeah.
Bill: That's why we get bottled water at my parents.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It the drinking water is filtered
Bill: The well water is untreated and gets stuff in it, so it's not always good for drinking.
Aldus Larian (Jess): The water at home smells/tastes like clorine <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): So that's filtered for drinking too
Bill: I made a fantastic complete in exactly a play through of American Pie!
Bill: That's the College Standard!
Bill: (when I cooked frequently)
Aldus Larian (Jess): What's a fantastic complete?
Bill: lol wut
Bill: What was I doing.
Bill: omelette.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ohhh I thought it was like some dish I didn't know about it something
Bill: lol yes me, the adventurous eater type
Aldus Larian (Jess): There's so many styles of eggs tho
Bill: true.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Actually at first I thought you were playing like guitar hero or something
Bill: I failed to make scrambled eggs once and was hella confused.
Bill: Oh shit that's right, I need to get the guitar hero guitars from the house.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I thought you did some playthrough of a game in exactly the time it takes to watch American Pie
Aldus Larian (Jess): opp its 9:30 time for my parents dog to torment chipmunks in the backyard
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Bruh the 80s are making such a comeback
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): First guardians got mad popular, then stranger things, now the next American horror story is in the 80s
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea for sure
Bill: Anna is not having a great time on NJT. 😅
Bill: Which is NJT’s fault.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oof whT happen
Bill: NJT just sucks.
Bill: She’s fine.
Bill: Just delayed.
Bill: They stopped her train before Newark for I guess 10-15 minutes total?
Bill: Her connecting train waited though, so she’ll be able to transfer till and get here.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Finally got one!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Chrom deserves it more than me
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I ate it all and now I have a tummy ache 😣
Nokri (Marisa): did chrom have any?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): No :c
El🆓de Faun (Tom): He said no
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): New painting for my living room Y or N
Nokri (Marisa): if it inexpensive, maybe <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Is it artful tho
Nokri (Marisa): it's got a certain 2005 hot topic stock image appeal to it
Nokri (Marisa): you could possibly make it at home with photoshop and a few google image searches
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OOF WHEN YA RUN INTO A NASA EMPLOYEE AT THE DOLLAR STORE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And you’re wearin a fuckin SEND NOODS T-SHIRT
El🆓de Faun (Tom): G O OD
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Good newds
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I saw the big nasa emblem on a lanyard
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And then the name tag
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And the _badge_
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I was like awww fuk
Nokri (Marisa): did you dive behind a greeting card display
Nokri (Marisa): *that was NASA himself*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Georgia goes in on her first day to meet her supervisor. They look at her and say "Were you at the dollar stor recently? You had a *very* interesting shirt on"
Bill: Fuuiucckkkkkkk
Bill: Stupid plex doesn’t work on my Synology.
Bill: EXCEPT WHEN IT DOES WHA
Bill: Can hear it but no video.
Bill: Ooookay I complained about it and it fixed itself.
Bill: I’m not upset by this.
Bill: Anime streaming online!
Bill: (In the apartment, not like. Online online)
Bill: And I grabbed the tv shows and movies Dad ripped too.
Bill: Since when could I use the tv remote on to control the PS4 holy shit
