Aldus Larian (Jess): *get to skating*
"Ladies only for this song!"
Me: "excuse me sir, thats my emotional support husband"
Bill: All the single ladies jealous af
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "let's go lesbians!"
Bill: Lesbean skate.
Bill: Ugu... I want to do something but also still hazy from allergies earlier.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Them allergies are killer
Aldus Larian (Jess): I survived
Aldus Larian (Jess): I lived bitch
Bill: I have Allegra again so I should be good but boi does the haze kill my mood.
Bill: Why are good moods so volatile?
Aldus Larian (Jess): What does that even mean
Bill: Good moods are easily lost. Be it something you read bothering you, a sour conversation or choice of words, even just having an allergy induced haze.
Bill: Is it weird I find the darkroom red lighting from those V photos relaxing?
Bill: The way this works is really neat actually... So usually when you have a tinted shade of the world around you, it’s sunglasses. You kinda expect everything to have that same tint to it. 

The led bulbs are the tinting source though. They can be overpowered by another light and that makes the other light normal. My phone and computer look the same, cause the screens emit enough light to “eliminate” the ambient red.
Bill: Even the light on a charger for my switch still shows screen, and the shelf the light is pointed at isn’t tinted red but a more normal color because the status light overpowers the red.
Bill: So something’s look perfectly normal, but everything else is tinted. It’s an odd feeling.
Bill: </rant>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): how much do i like qdoba?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I don't think I've ever been to one
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Huh
Bill: I conked out oops
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s the ethan itinerary
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk if we would even get to the mall but if dinner is awkwardly painfully short then that’s an option
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sounds good
N🆗ri (Marisa): Sounds good
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Sounds good
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Sounds good
Bill: Sounds terrible.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sounds moderately tolerable 👌🏻
Bill: I’m hype to, when me gut it at at point I’m happy with, go fucking pretty woman montage shopping and spend like 2k at once replacing my wardrobe.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jeez 2k seems like a lot on clothes O.o
Bill: I dunno man, I just wanna go *ham*.
Bill: Somehow. I've gotten really tired of my color palate.
Bill: My Dad listens to Fallout music unironically in his car.
Bill: ☺
Bill: Straight up cult of personality.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I just recalled a much faster way to sew and fold bows steynatwjqthrd why didn’t I remember this yesterday
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like the song cult of personality? Cuz that's def not fall out music
Bill: The one where he's talking about the tittys are personality.
Bill: I'm mucking up the title.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 🎶 BABY YOUVE GOT THE CUTEST....... PERSONALITY 🎶
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cult of personality is on guitarhero lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The fallout one is just personality
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's Joe I know Cult of Personality as well xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeaaaa me too 😂
Elfriede Faun (Tom): LOOK IN MY EYYYYYESSS WHAT DO YA SEEE🎵
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Fun fact: they re-recorded the song for the game because they couldn't find the original recordings
Elfriede Faun (Tom): A couple songs we actually rerecorded for the game
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Another fun fact
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Left zeppalin refused to put thier songs in cuz they thought the game was stupid
Bill: Need some cute personality rn <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Left zeppoli
Bill: as opposed to right zeppoli?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Only left
Bill: Spicy.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YEAH!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Zep is also very against their songs being used in media
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jack Black literally recorded a video begging them to use Immigrant Song in School of Rock
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Grumpy old men syndrome <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YET SOMEHOW IT'S IN SHREK
Aldus Larian (Jess): It was in the destiny trailer too
Aldus Larian (Jess): And thor
Bill: The answer is 💰
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's a cover in Shrek though isn't it?
Aldus Larian (Jess): the only song allowed to be in stuff  😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Basically
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'll tell ya what if Lord of the rings ever hit them up
Elfriede Faun (Tom): They'd be all over that shit
Bill: What a trip, not being the one driving 2 hours into PA.
Bill: Course the roads are so shitty I can barely use my trackpad on my laptop.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): New suit!
Bill: Classy as fuck.
Aldus Larian (Jess): FANCY
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Finally a suit that fits me well 😭
Bill: Tailored suits 👌
Bill: https://sdl-stickershop.line.naver.jp/stickershop/v1/sticker/13010896/android/sticker.png;compress=true
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): DAPPER AS FUCK
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Looks fantastic Erik!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): THANK
N🆗ri (Marisa): i love photoshopping myself beyong recognition
Bill: White port is a thing and pretty good.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So remydomino liked my Taiyang post yesterday and I got really excited
Bill: Sounds like my parents are going to put a gas fire pit with seating on the back deck and as soon as they do I want a standing invite for people to visit and drink at the fire.
Tikur (Kurtis): Oooooooo
Bill: Imma push em to do it cause it sounds SOOOO nice.
