Tikur (Kurtis): Woo!
Bill: Oh wow.
Bill: Dad turned on the game of thrones wrap up documentary.
Bill: They did a table read and wow.
Bill: It’s so cool to watch that.
Bill: It’s a lot like behind the scenes avengers stuff, where you see how much a part of the actors life the series is.
Bill: They’re practicing deaths and it’s hilarious.
Bill: Acting is awesome.
Andrew: I find out at work someone stole my debit info
Andrew: Made 2 $40 charges
Bill: Oof. Call the bank, they’ll usually forgive the charges. Or at least with credit.
Bill: Also get a new card.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ahhh! Oh no 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): I went shopping with my friends today and I tried in a dress that would have fit me if it wasn't for one like in lacy back part and my friend was like "got a friend who sews?"
And I'm like "ye. Me and like 10 more, but I ain't paying $70 for a dress that doesn't fit XD"
Nokri (Marisa): yeah omg you could make the dress for that price
Andrew: I called and I'm disputing them but I have to wait for them to process
Andrew: And they closed my card
Andrew: Now I gotta wait til tues to get a new one
Andrew: They said that someone reported my card lost
Nokri (Marisa): oof good luck
i still haven't gotten my new card yet
Nokri (Marisa): are they mailing it or are you picking it up
Andrew: Which is impossible cuz I have my card with me
Andrew: P9cking it ip
Andrew: Gotta wait til tues
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think someone In the neighborhood is having a party and people keep like taking walks? Cuz people keep passing the house talking loudly and that not normal
Aldus Larian (Jess): Also fire work many firework
Bill: Go to da party!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah that's ok I'm dead
Tikur (Kurtis): Muc firework
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wtf when did it become 1 am
Aldus Larian (Jess): 7 mins ago
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh my gOD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): there was a BIGASS ANT on the floor in the fmaily room so i scooped it up and put it in a cup
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): took it to the ktichen
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): NOW THERES A GIANT ASS BEE IN THE KITCHEN
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ITS BUZZING VERY ANGRY AND RAMMING ITSELF INTO THE CEILING LIGHT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I cant sleep in the same room as this very angry bee cries
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): update i lost the bee
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://pics.me.me/chill-blinton-guess-ill-die-16200603.png
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ahhh BEEEE
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The aggressive buzzing is so anxiety inducing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My mom killed it this morning apparently
Tikur (Kurtis): Unbeelievable
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Jess out here with Vhs Matilda
Tikur (Kurtis): YESSSSSSSSS VHS CREW
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have it on DVD too <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): Don’t forget to buy a digital copy
Nokri (Marisa): There’s something in my teeth
But I’ve brushed my teeth twice since eating last
So what’s in my teeth <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): Oh hey somethings on fire again
Tikur (Kurtis): Ouch oof ya gums
Nokri (Marisa): Oof ouch owie my gums
Nokri (Marisa): my sister said she'll beat us up if we serve turkey this weekend but *what if the turkey didn't look like turkey* like i hid it in some croquettes or somethin
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): What she got against turkey huh
Nokri (Marisa): she just knows we've been trying to use up all of this turkey for eternity <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Tikur (Kurtis): Ninja Turkey
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tell her it's chimken
Nokri (Marisa): if anyone tells my sister we might serve turkey then i'm gonna beat you up after she beats me up
Nokri (Marisa): she can tell the difference
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Understandable
Elfriede Faun (Tom): We will await our beatings
Nokri (Marisa): somehow, the japanese food we were planning got turned into a nacho station
Nokri (Marisa): same difference i guess
Nokri (Marisa): cheaper
Nokri (Marisa): does anyone have any special diet restrictions
Bill: I need 100% quality Marisa every day or I die.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): NACHO STATION ALSO GOOD
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nah, no diet restrictions, only friend that has a hardcore restriction is Monica
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But she's used to going places and just not eating
Nokri (Marisa): really? :0 i think she was eating sushi at zenkaikon so sushi is ok for her
Nokri (Marisa): no sushi at my party though rip. maybe candy sushi?
but we already have a lot of dessert options
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm not sure her restrictions, I think she's just hardcore naturalist
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like no.processed stuff
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I wouldn't worry about it
Aldus Larian (Jess): shes just into like organic
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Is she even invited?
Nokri (Marisa): ~~I don't think i invited her because i didn't think she would be interested in going but if she wants to come she totally can~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Who wouldn't be interested? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): inviting people was so much easier in high school
when i'd sell girl scout cookies out of my locker so people would flock there, and i could just be like "hey u know anna right? ur invited to my party"
and then i'd have to go find anna and be like "anna was that your boyfriend or did i invite some random dude to attend my party with you" and she'd be like "ya that's my bf" and i'd be like "great, disaster averted"
Nokri (Marisa): i've been getting the hiccups a lot am i dying
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Jess gets hiccups every time she breathes
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I sure hope not
Nokri (Marisa): JESS DONT DIE
Aldus Larian (Jess): ill try
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): TIL, chocowaffo cant drive
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): huh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): TIL ethan also has only 72 friends on FB
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): not surprising
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Got one of those bee bots because I trashed that post with #bees lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _well are you gonna get a shirt_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh are these the people that contacted leanna all that time ago
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think you're thinking of Anna
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh didnt some people contact leanna too>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But no, same concept, different brand
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh maybe?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Probably
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the shirts look similar is why i think so
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I remember Anna got one and she thought it was an actual person and they were going to like sponsor her or something
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And then it turned out to be a bot just trying to sell her merch
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): send a message, see what they say 👀
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if its spam itll be obvious but hey possible free tee?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Wow they make Rooster Teeth seem like a bargain
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dayum
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh, they follow me lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dayum i better start tagging my bees then lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Doubt it's free, but sent
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Probably going to send me a link to their store
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): we testin this
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): for SCIENCE
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *sounds fake, but okay*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 👀 🍿
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm bankin' on *maybe* some kind of minor discount
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ok, not bad... Shirt is still $26
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): not as much of a scam as previously thought
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the domain was registered april 5th
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats weird
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh I see
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Pfffft
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ooh the code is also free shipping
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): huh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that would almost maybe convince me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but that plethora of accounts makes me think otherwise
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): They all have the same pictures posted
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I want you all to know, while you wasted time talking to FEmales, I studied the Nerf™️
Bill: And.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): My friend Justin was like that too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Not that its a dick measuring contest but I may still have more 🤔
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): When I was in middle school I was OBSESSED and I organized a 40 person nerf war in romans back yard
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m so sly I even got my crush to come <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Almost all the 40 kids showed up too, it was great
Bill: Oh goodie, I wish I knew you a decade ago.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I was the ho with the shield and the big 64 bullet drum
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It was pretty lit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m probably gonna donate most of my stash because I doubt I’d use them and some 8 year old boy could have a blast with them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m gonna keep my two magnums and the one clear one (that was my MAIN SQUEEZE)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Moving really sucks but there’s something freeing about getting rid of the stuff you honestly don’t use
