El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh that doesn't sound too bad
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg I did the FaceApp thing where it makes you an old person
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Never have I feared getting old more than now
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I saw a picture of someone who processed a picture of themselves through that like 14 times and it is horrifying
El🆓de Faun (Tom): So many folds
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nightmare fuel
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So apparently I woke up last night with a nosebleed and managed to take care of it without getting blood on anything 1) while half asleep and 2) blind without my glasses
Aldus Larian (Jess): do you have superpowers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): After I woke up I thought I dreamed it until I saw the bloody tissues in the bathroom trash can (which, mind you, is on the 1st floor and my room is on the 2nd, so I also had to navigate 12 steps to get down, half asleep, blind, and bleeding)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Idk man
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think it's all just muscle memory from how often I get nosebleeds lol
Nokri (Marisa): A-are you dying
Nokri (Marisa): A bunch of tree cutting trucks just pulled up outside nooo what’s happening
Oh and now BoJo is confronting them that’s even worse
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh nooo
Nokri (Marisa): They’re just trimming the trees yay
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): getting those fresh summer cuts 😎
Nokri (Marisa): what color is this
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jumin Han purple™
Aldus Larian (Jess): lilac?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lilac or lavender
Aldus Larian (Jess): #9e94d9?
Nokri (Marisa): ye it looks like a lilac/pastel violet to me but some people see blue i think? maybe
Nokri (Marisa): jess do you have every color's hex code memorized
Aldus Larian (Jess): yes <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): if i typed some random stuff on the keyboard could you tell me what color that is <:woah:543194447345876998> that'd be so cool
Aldus Larian (Jess): no i wish
Aldus Larian (Jess): that would be so useless but really impressiv
Aldus Larian (Jess): it look purple to me but its like right inbetween
Aldus Larian (Jess): upper right looks blue-y
Nokri (Marisa): !!!!!!! :0
Nokri (Marisa): o dang we're being science-d
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:itisamystery:601092590368063523>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~you said "itisamystery.png" in another channel and it made me realize we need that as an emoji so I spent like 20 minutes recreating a scaled up, not pixelated version in MS Paint~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoa dedication
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): i love him
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fj7Vklv5nDk&t=70s
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yee it look like purple to me too
Nokri (Marisa): When someone says they’re available in the evening, what time would you guys say they’re available? Like a time range
Aldus Larian (Jess): 4-7? maybe?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 5:37pm
Nokri (Marisa): I always figured evening started at like 5-6 or when the sun starts going down in winter. 
A girl inquired about my evening shoots so I told her any time after 5:30 but she said she wanted something before 5 <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): Vindication
Aldus Larian (Jess): well she wrong
Nokri (Marisa): Am I wrong
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah that girl wrong
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like 8-11 is morning, 11-1 is midday, 1-5 is afternoon, 5 to 7 is evening, 7 onwards is night
Nokri (Marisa): I can’t believe I’m wrong
Aldus Larian (Jess): U NOT WRONG
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That Thot is wrong!
Nokri (Marisa): Yee, id consider 8:00 night so I figured I’d offer shoots from 5:30-8 so I put evening
She specifically said “I’d like one of your evening shoots” and then was like “gotta be before 5pm”
Nokri (Marisa): Can’t believe everything I know is incorrect and I’m wrong
Nokri (Marisa): Petition to officially define hours for evening and create a global standard
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 5am-8am I would consider "early morning"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): irrelevant, but adding onto Georgia's time scale (which I otherwise agree with)
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah in the sims GBA you woke up at 5am and that was considered morning
Nokri (Marisa): *the sims bustin out*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 1-3 am is the wee hours
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 4 am no one should ever be awake
Aldus Larian (Jess): time is crazy
Nokri (Marisa): 12am to 3am don’t enter the bathroom because that’s Bloody Mary ghost time
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 4am is when you wake up with a random nose bleed you thought was a fever dream
Aldus Larian (Jess): my coworker is wearing a dinosaur print dress and i love it
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres an entire package of oreos on my office send me all your combined self control i need it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <@245270932602486784> you already know it's not called wee hours
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's Mac and cheese hour bruh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): o fuck u right
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'mma Jess that coworker is Jess? <@351471675843411978>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao sorry I had a seizure
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE
Aldus Larian (Jess): she looks so cute
Tikur (Kurtis): Y'all got any bops to listen to? Need to get some energy to go food shopping
Aldus Larian (Jess): i feel like u know every bop i could give u lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): fresh outa bops
Tikur (Kurtis): Rip lol
Nokri (Marisa): Yes
Many bops
Nokri (Marisa): What kind of bops
Tikur (Kurtis): They some quality bops tho, I've had m morning in America stuck in my head all day.
Tikur (Kurtis): And dealers choice
Nokri (Marisa): Try the Kaguya-Sama theme song and the opening of Wotaku ni Koi wa Muzukashii
Nokri (Marisa): That second one a bop
Nokri (Marisa): There was a store in japan I’d often go to that just played Renai Circulation and the One Punch Man theme song on repeat. Literally nothing else ever.
Tikur (Kurtis): Well hot dang, also I only found piano versions on Spotify.  But they do bop, in like a cheery spring morning kinda way.  Will def listen to the actual ones later
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@350855105123319808> don't you know by James young
Bill: I listened to spotify standup grocery shopping. It's fun weirding out old ladies laughing at 'nothing'.
Tikur (Kurtis): Slap city 👌👌 <@351471675843411978>
Tikur (Kurtis): And I'll check that out Billiam
Bill: Chad Daniels is very funny.
Tikur (Kurtis): Unrelated but almost just yoted a kid with my car door
Bill: *good*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nice
Tikur (Kurtis): It would've a quality yeet too cause he was right at the end of the door and would've flew
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): What's the latest Kids Bop?
Bill: a mistake.
Tikur (Kurtis): <@351471675843411978> Here's a bop right back at ya: Kerosene by Armors
Tikur (Kurtis): Also I made a Spotify radio of the song and so many songs I already like played 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nice! Alot of James young's songs are good
Tikur (Kurtis): Oooh nice I'll definitely paruse through his songs then
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So on my caughman I collected glassware and even though I don't drink Jack Daniels, I needed this glass
Aldus Larian (Jess): ohh thats so cool
Tikur (Kurtis): Oooooh that's pretty
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Tikur (Kurtis): Oh you got a whole array of dope glasses
Aldus Larian (Jess): niiiceee i  love glassware
Tikur (Kurtis): That is a THICC JD rocks glass
Tikur (Kurtis): Hnnnnnng I'm loving this storm
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Same except that I had to drive through it to delivery a cat poop sample to the vet
Tikur (Kurtis): Oof, that's pretty shitty
Bill: I’m planning fanfic in chili’s, waiting for my parents to finish at church and meet me.
Bill: Good time.
Bill: Lol the cable died.
Bill: THEEEEE POWER WENT OUT LOL
Bill: Might not be eating here XD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): maaaaan i want storm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres nothin in carlisle
Bill: It back.
Bill: That was fun.
