Nokri (Marisa): How do you guys pronounce Yosemite 
Is it like Yosemite or is it Yosemite
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yo-sem-itty
Bill: You-Semi-Titty.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah I just realized it’s like the looney toons character and not how it’s spelled <:woah:543194447345876998>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YE
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YOSE EM MITE SAM
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): realizes i havent had enough water today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YEET 5 WATERBOTTLES TIME 4 HYDRATION
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I dont believe thats how to do a hydrate at a normal rate
Nokri (Marisa): What an active night. There are so many sirens that keep driving by, and even some birds are chirping.
Bill: Oof these boots not comfy for walking. Hopefully they break in.
Bill: Damned flat feet.
Tikur (Kurtis): I believe in yo feet
Bill: Lolol that makes one of us.
Bill: 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "phase" <:ishetho:573830887485997097>
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: Excuse, I didn't say it was over.
Bill: :3c
Bill: ~~Though if we're comparing to the 2000's, I'm definitely not the same level of weeb.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Rawr is the single most cringiest word in the history of the 2000s
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): .....good, then im adding that to my daily vocabulary to go with "yeet, lit, yikes, and oof"
Bill: "Yeet: Rawr of the 2010's"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): basically
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Idk man, hags exists
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh shit
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh *no*
Bill: Maybe *you all* were the cringey ones, and *I* was ahead of my time.
Bill: Muhahaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i didnt use "rawr"
Bill: *This is a safe place we won't judge you*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ....i used "roar" because i was a rebel
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I used rawr
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I thought it was cute
Bill: a Roarbel?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yes
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): the so random XD culture of the 2000s was wild
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Remember folks, rawr means I love you in dinosaur
Bill: Sidenote, discord is ruining every other chat service cause I need custom emoji to express my responses to things.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 🍪
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): emo memes <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Was going to say Cookie isn't a special emote lol
Bill: 🍪
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I remember this one
Bill: big Ray energy.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Oh that's not how it works.
Bill: We have almost the whole office in the office today.
Bill: Vincent the only one missing.
Bill: Nevermind, we have EVERYONE.
Bill: What a rarity.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I matched with someone on Bumble yesterday. This has been the extent of our conversation so far
Aldus Larian (Jess): going well then
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): why do people...... start conversations by sending a gif
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I guess when you use an app that forces you to make the first move, saying "hello" can get old?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That, or social anxiety
Bill: I mean yeah.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i mean yea, but just like have a one liner question ready
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): or "he likes cats, maybe a cat gif will win him over"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "what are your thoughts on ______?🤔 "
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): my go-to was asking about aliens
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its weird
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but they dont expect it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and it starts a conversation that can lead to silliness or philosphy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): weird questions like that are great for starting a convo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I hope to receive one one day <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YEAH ALIENS
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Good question starter
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/mrw-visit-rhighqualitygifs-4kfM94y7OvOuI
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): damn I have 17 in my match queue
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I like a good the office gif as well
Bill: That's what, people who swiped on you?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): probably swiped left on them tho lol
Bill: That makes sense, you Banging <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): RIP them
Bill: Is your profile still Jumin and Doctor Who?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I moved the picture of my playing bass to the top
Aldus Larian (Jess): GOOD MOVE
Bill: Ye checks dig muscians.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but Jumin, James Potter, Doctor Who, and Taiyang are still in there lol
Bill: lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~especially bass players~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because bass players are usually the mellow ones in the band
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Bill: In the hour of swiping yesterday I saw someone write "I missed the memo about being friends with a professional photographer" and I really wish I coulda been like <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo they have to talk first like?
Bill: For bumble.
Aldus Larian (Jess): are u on anything else?
Bill: Gave up on coffee meets bagel, cause you basically get one match a day ~~and I got nothing for months so~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~ya'll keep saying bumble and i see it in the message preview and im like "why is bill talking about my dog?"~~
Bill: *I would rather have your dog*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): *he's a good boi, understandable*
Bill: Lol I turned around to stand up and Jing stopped talk to Vincent in Chinese.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he is a good boi
Bill: I have NO IDEA what you were saying Jing. Trust me I wasn’t looking at st you.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: That’s one of the generic things everyone says ye!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): F is for friends who do stuff together, U is for u left swiping me, N is for never matching with anyone at all right here in the Bumble sea
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): FUCK I WISH I WROTE THAT
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Except that one was Hinge
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh sorry U is for u Xing me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): *
Bill: ~~I must have swiped dozens yesterday and around 5 o’clock it’ll be 24 hours, confirming this is in fact pointless for me~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Hinge sea*
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh, except she was actually cute which is why I commented on it lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): shit I'm listening to my playlist of the songs we're playing tomorrow and it's getting me fucking pumped
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): pumped for playing guitar which is decreaasing motivation to work
Bill: Fuck right. What’s happening with that I don’t even know.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 15 minutes late with Starbucks but yeah chicks dig b_ass_ pics <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: <@!351471675843411978> <@!351785752197201920> <@!350855105123319808> <@!334090409389195266> There is a *significant* price hike from 2 doubles from a king in the marriott by Erik. I need to know what people are doing. It's two hours out to his area, but his show ain't till 9:30 so we'll easily be there on time leaving after work. I'm going to Nezumicon from there Saturday, not home tho.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i can't go unfortonately
Bill: I thought so but I'm just checking all the boxes. 👍
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i told chris i'd help him do open mic night tomorrow, way before i knew erik was doing a show, i wish i could split in two and go to both
Aldus Larian (Jess): I depend on weather or not tom is willing D:
Bill: I'm saying I can't wait any longer on Tom to decide.
Bill: https://tenor.com/view/mystic-messenger-jaehee-gif-7985245
Nokri (Marisa): I think you’ve got the wrong emoji there <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): well im not not with him rn so gotta wait for him to at least look here
Bill: mhmm. He'll see tag.
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats all i meant
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~was that emoji meant to be passive aggressive or...~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/ZfsBPWTqvJBqo
Aldus Larian (Jess): wait does it have to be a marriot?
Bill: I mean, I want the night added to my rewards account.
Bill: So no but yes, since I'm footing bill.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ah, i was not aware of that
Bill: ye.
Bill: I might be raking up more nights next week, Boss may let me get a room near armonk for the workshop.
Bill: So I'll of course do marriott. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's kinda far, only reason I'm iffy on going for one night
Nokri (Marisa): Are the points that worth it? :0 
Marriott is like 2-3x the price of a regular hotel, what benefit does racking up points get?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Marriott is quite the rich bitch hotel
Aldus Larian (Jess): but suporting fwiends ❤
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My dad paid for a Marriott room in DC for me once, they treated me like da qween
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Valet <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> gift basket <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> free food
Aldus Larian (Jess): daaamnn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I would support fwends but I gots work the next day
Nokri (Marisa): There was one hotel we stayed at when we were homeless that let us stay a week for the cost of a night at a mariott and they allowed Sylvia to stay also <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): Shout out to red roof inn
Aldus Larian (Jess): awww ❤
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YO red roof is nice except in Texas our toilet got clogged and they didn’t have a plunger on site??
Nokri (Marisa): Of course not why would they need one of the most important household items
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So they were gonna just give us a new room but all our shit was spread out so we just told them to find a plunger lol
Bill: It's not points it's nights.
Bill: You need 25 nights in a year to get gold status.
Bill: It's far and late but Erik's come out so much for us lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whats gold status 😮
Bill: I'm also using chase rewards points, which are 1.5x when I book through chase, and when I book through chase and chase gets discounts in their booking portal due to deals with hotels. Perks of the travel rewards card.
Bill: I... don't know if I get marriott points when I book this way, I know I don't get chase points for points spent.
Bill: I should have enough marriott points to book a night there as well, but their portal wasn't working before.
Bill: Ye marriott is down.
Bill: Is iffy "no" then Tom?
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I guess so, I can't give you an answer so just mark.me as no
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😦
Bill: Hold on, why "can't" you? Are you waiting on something?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I just don't wanna be rushed to make a decision rn
Bill: Mmkay... I'm sorry to make you feel rush, but we've known about this for weeks and it's a difference of 70 bucks, non refundable to get the 2 bed room. There's limited rooms left (5 iirc) and the rate will probably jump tomorrow cause it's same day.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Not your fault, I just can't focus rn to decide
Bill: I'm not booking RIGHT_NOW.exe, (wanna wait till Marriott's site is up again to compare marriott point rate versus chase) so if you get some time to focus, let me know.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Kkwill do
Aldus Larian (Jess): just so im clear you are paying for the room? like no strings attached? ~~i dont want to sound selfish I just want to get my story straight
Bill: Yes...
Bill: Do I... usually attach strong or something?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its just peculiar to offer to pay for the whole room at a _marriott_ of all places
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dats pretty expense
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but if you got the money to drop ay power to you
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i get where jess is coming from, id question it too
Bill: It’s 130. For the king.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): are you just getting a king if its you and jess tho
Bill: Obviously not.
Bill: Kurtis wants to go last I checked and like. Why would I bait anyone into...
Aldus Larian (Jess): well we ussually do cons which is a split so
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Bait?
Aldus Larian (Jess): and tom wanted clarification
Bill: I ALWAYS stay at marriotts, because I’m a upper middle class brat.
Bill: I don’t like cheap hotels.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): jar
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Bill: For what?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): jar
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): agreed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dont call yourself an upper middle class brat bill
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: What.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm so lost in this conversation somehow
Bill: I’m getting annoyed.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "i dont stay in cheap hotels" makes you sound snobby
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): that was so schmidt
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i know because i used to say the same thing when my dad paid for marriotts for my family, then i had to pay for hotels myself, and now i dont "exclusively stay marriott"
Dizzy: The douchebag-jar count is now 2!
Bill: !counter add douchebag-jar 1
Bill: Now I’m really annoyed cause I thought I was being nice.
Bill: And Jess didn’t mean to make me feel that way at all.
Bill: I’m going to go cool off.
Bill: ~~why am I always pissed by lunch time~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you were being nice offering to pay for a hotel, yes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you were sounding snobbish  saying "i dont stay in cheap hotels"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): as i know our families are in the same socioeconomic bracket, i was raised with the same mentality
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but im warning you now, girls arent gonna like you saying that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): sorry if it sounds mean but
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): id rather tell you now than you get zinged by some girl you really like later
Aldus Larian (Jess): I did not mean to cause problem
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im sorry that jess feels she caused problems, and and im sorry erik probably feels bad that this drama is happening
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): for when bill comes back, because i dont want my opinion misconstrued and im going to do moving things nw
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it was very kind and thoughtful to offer to pay for a room
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that is not tied to any of the calling of the "jar"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): we called "jar" because saying "i dont want to stay in cheap hotels" can come off as very privileged
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): seeing you type that gave me a bad taste
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i know girls hearing that would consider if a turn off
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^ i second all of that, i said "jar" because saying "i only stay in marriots and i dont like cheap hotels" was LITERALLY something schmidt would say in new girl
Aldus Larian (Jess): I also agree
Aldus Larian (Jess): I was trying to get clarification just to make sure becuase if repayment was expected (as per our usual agreement when rooming together) I would have suggested a holiday inn or something. and tom asked me for clarification and i didnt want to give false info
Aldus Larian (Jess): the thought is very much appreciated
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i came back because im tangentially angry that this could have been resolved faster had you not logged off at the first sign of trouble
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok NOW i go back to packing boxes and doing physics
Tikur (Kurtis): Me catching up on all this
https://media.tenor.com/images/25444e0cb52b552c80f1eb9d4b3e80d0/tenor.gif
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 😂
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): pretty much lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): soo kurto!
Aldus Larian (Jess): u wanna go to eriks show XD
Tikur (Kurtis): Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Tikur (Kurtis): Tbh I'm on the fence.
Tikur (Kurtis): So
https://media.tenor.com/images/0eef9db0c50de0b039ad8435abbe909a/tenor.gif
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): kurtis if you came in with pizza wheres the pizza
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yo good point
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im hungry
Tikur (Kurtis): In my belly cause I ate it already cause 'za
Bill: I removed myself from the conversation 1. cause I had to get to lunch at work and 2. cause I didn't want to say anything I didn't hurtful because I was angry.

I said I don't like cheap hotels cause you started questioning my actions *of being nice and buying a hotel* because it's expensive, on top of Jess saying so. What I choose to do book is my business if I'm paying for it. This isn't the first time I've *done* this, unless everyone forgets I paid for Geekdom entirely. I don't go running around saying "Oh fuck so and so brand, I only stay here cause it's *ritzy*" either, if you're worried about that. I *don't* like to stay in cheaper motels, cause I was raised to fear bed bugs and once had to leave one cause there was a nest of spiders on the ceiling. 50 bucks is worth not sleeping *under spiders* to my family, and me. I'm a bit OCD about places I consider "unclean" so I won't be happy in a place that's not well maintained, and *as it happens* Marriotts maintain well, it's why I choose them. Not for the cost. 

And saying that was an after thought to me insulting myself as a 'middle class brat' because again, you were questioning my actions of *paying for a room* so my friends can do something exciting and different on a friday night in support of their friend. I'll admit it's a douche statement, but do me a favor and don't nitpick the actions cause I have the ability to do something like this. I have rewards programs and travel credit cards *entirely* to give myself access to these things. What Jess asked is fine, even if I was bothered by the choice of words "No strings attached". I didn't need the further rundown on how I'm peculiar in the way I do something for my friends. If you don't like it, I won't do anything for you.
Bill: Think that basically covers it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no one was criticizing you paying for the room fam
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): just saying "i dont book cheap hotels", in a bubble, with no contet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): makes you sound needlessly high brow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): now that we have acquired the spider story, that makes sense
Bill: Are we taking every statement out of context now...?
Bill: There are plenty of things that don't sound good out of context.
Nokri (Marisa): i was just curious if there was a perk to staying at the mariott so often
price vs reward kind of deal, i wasn't criticizing the choice
Aldus Larian (Jess): It was just that one isolated statement, and georgia only said it to make you aware of how it could come across to others.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah
Aldus Larian (Jess): like for future reference
Bill: Lol Mawisa you weren't even a part of it were you?
Nokri (Marisa): i chimed in here and there ;u;
Bill: Oh earlier.
Bill: Yeah!
Bill: I see now.
Bill: So yes, there is a perk.
Bill: I'm silver elite now, which means I had 10+ nights in a marriott (nights, not rooms per night, which BLOWS) last year.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so do you see what i was saying also or
Bill: Yes, out of context it was a douchey thing. Point's in the jar. In context, I felt you were jumping on judging my choices in how I do a kindness to others, and that upset me.
Bill: Technically silver gives me late checkout (cons that doesn't work all the time, cause so many people), a private reservation line, speedy check in line, and free wifi for the room.
Bill: Gold gives you an even later checkout and some other perks I don't remember.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): okay, sorry my words were misconstrued, glad to be heard
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): also i get that you log off because you dont wanna say mean things
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok idk how to phrase this better
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): maybe consider that we ALL are not wanting to say mean things
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and that, in staying, there would have been a chance to talk through the miscommunication
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): instead of everyone stirring here in awkwardness and anger
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i get the whole going to lunch thing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres just a reoccuring "oh look we said something bill doesnt like so he logs off"
Nokri (Marisa): ye, for ~2 hours now the general chat has kind of been at an awkward halt because of a tiny mix-up
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😦 yea
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and not even for this specific incident, cause i get it, its lunch, youre at work
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but for future reference, "im angry, im logging off now" is kinda meh cause we all sit here like "well were angry and were still here!"
Bill: Which seems to be a common time for me get annoyed, weirdly enough.
Nokri (Marisa): hungry?
Bill: nah?
Bill: I dunno.
Bill: There is a difference between being able to discuss something, and being angry enough to do *nothing* but throw shade.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but do you notice how none of us ever have the "im angry im logging off" reaction?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its very frustrating
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): now, in this particular incident, i was sitting here being angry because i KNOW you misinterpretted me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and you left so i couldnt FIX it
Bill: I admittedly got heated pretty quick, but boy was I and I'd rather listen to your commentary than throw it in your face.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): maybe thats something you should work on then
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): maybe you have an anger issue then
Bill: I don't usually get so heated.
Nokri (Marisa): sit here and roast us instead of going away and leaving us in confused silence
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): because that way disagreements are handled in here with you is very immature
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and we all get really annoyed with you because we're all trying to fix things and make everything ok. But, them you'll log off, or just disappear like an actual 12 year old who cant handle conflict like an adult.

You may think youre doing whats best, but in actuality it just makes things worse. by allowing everyone to stew on it and get more annoyed and angry at you for just leaving the conversation
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): or when you change subjects
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its just like
Bill: It's probably the context of being judged for being nice, or being judged for what I have. Those topics may have just hit home.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeahhh but you frequently log off, wait like an hour, and we come back to a huge paragraph
Bill: So... I do discuss when I'm angry. Maybe that doesn't translate well?
Nokri (Marisa): we don't judge you for being nice or for what you have :0
just maybe sometimes when you talk about have you have, it comes across as flaunting
people are very proud and touchy when it comes to money and don't like hearing about how someone can easily afford something that would ordinarily take months to save up for, and it can lead to envy, so usually money isn't broached often in conversation
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i'll be frank with you then. Yes, i do judge you for bragging about being privileged all the time... even if you don't mean to do it, you still do. It comes off in a negative light, which is why i said "jar" at the hotel statement.

it comes off very much as "i grew up this way and thus that makes me better, i have more power over you because i have the money"

And talking about having disposable income all the time is quite frankly not attractive and not something to humbly brag about, especially when a lot of your friends arent that well off, and are struggling constantly.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): however, it's VERY nice and accomodating of you to offer to foot the bill for hotels and stuff, not judging you for that AT ALL
Bill: I leave when I know all I'm going to do is say things to hurt someone, or accuse them of things baselessly. I see no benefit in ignoring Georgia trying to clarify herself and me venting raw anger at her. I'll stick around if you want, but I don't want to act in a rude way if I don't have to you know?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but like
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats a skill people learn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): not to say things they regret
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i used to do the same thing you do,  go "IM LOGGING OFF" but like
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): noooot reallllyyyy anymoreeee
Bill: A skill I have, and use frequently. At some point I'd rather get space from the thing that upsets me than keep trying to hold my tongue.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:hmm:543194383885926403> but this is negatively impacting your friendships
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you dont need to hold your tongue, you need to learn to articulate what you want to convey without the anger
Nokri (Marisa): then don't hold your tongue. we're all very good friends here.
Bill: Like I said, I'll stick around.
Bill: Bar the lunch thing.
Bill: This seems to happen frequently around lunch.
Bill: I dunno why.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i also, just want to say that i dont think you have the "skills" you seem to think you do in this context...... having an ego is good, but not when it hinders your own growth as a person
Bill: Alright, noted.
Bill: @frank I'm sorry you feel that way Leanna, I don't mean to make you feel that way. I'm always suggesting things and wanting to do things not because I can, but because I want to do them with everyone. If I can provide the gap to make it possible, I want to fill the gap because I'd rather not do things than do them alone, and want to share experiences with people that matter to me. If I have means to provide, it's nice to make it happen.
Bill: But I'll watch for things that could be seen that way.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the "jar" correction comes from a place of caring
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its not like were like "hue hue how many times can we make bill call himself a douche"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its legitimately, "that made me uncomfortable to hear"
Bill: Yes, on that, can we not phrase things in terms of "girls won't like" or "isn't attractive". I can tell that'll grate on me. Tell me whatever the advice is for my own benefit, not in context of other people's.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): duly noted
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i didnt mean it in the context of just paying for hotels, i mean it in the  "disposable income squad"  context, and also the  "haha im glad i can drop 800$ on an impulse" context
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i figured "girls wouldnt like" was better than more aggressive sounding "You" statements
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my b
Bill: I understand Leanna.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im also not just speaking for myself...this isnt a just me problem
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its just a generalization
Bill: I wasn't pissed at the jar, it was the no strings attached line (just a poor choice of words I felt sensitive about, it made me feel like I'm someone who frequently manipulates people or takes money from people underhandedly) and then immediately followed up by more commentary on my choices being peculiar, like I'm *up* to something.
Bill: Okay. I won't say that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeaaah no that wasnt our train of thought at all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i could see how you think that way
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that seems a wee bit paranoid
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but yeah that conversation became a clusterfuck real fast
Aldus Larian (Jess): Esspecialy when you can read someone tone body language over the internet
Aldus Larian (Jess): Cuz I definitely didn't mean that at all I just didn't want to say "so you don't need no money form me?" Cuz that sounded more selfish to me
Bill: And I know it was overly sensitive.
Bill: It why I commented it felt weird to me to get that heated over it.
Bill: I'm going to say though... Sometimes, *sometimes, not always*, I'm just proud of what I've achieved when I say something or other. I don't mean for that to be flaunting, but I have worked hard to get to where I am and I just want to share that with my friends. I've never cared about the monetary status of a friend and don't intend to start. I'll still refrain, but it kinda sucks to not share good things with the people your closest to.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye but there diff between sharing good things and humble brag
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): granted its nuanced
Bill: Hence the sometimes.
Bill: I'm not saying Leanna is wrong, just that there's an angle on it I want to share that sometimes applies.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea, but like georgia said, theres a difference. I'm not saying you shouldnt be proud. you 100% should be proud, you worked hard.
Nokri (Marisa): how does everyone feel about fortune cookies
it seems lately fortune cookies are getting really generic. they even have websites of the cookie maker printed on one side.
Bill: Love you Mawisa!
Nokri (Marisa): i like fortune cookies that aren't a capitalist money grab
Nokri (Marisa): *where's the spirit of fake china*
Bill: In a beyblade.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Does anyone actually eat the fortune cookies tho?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like 1 in 10 people
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I do
Bill: Ye.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I do! When youre not arround to stop me 😈
Nokri (Marisa): monch
Aldus Larian (Jess): Cuz it's not worth the 41 carbs but
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the best fortune I ever got was *"Actions speak louder than talks"*
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): really hit me deep
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Nokri (Marisa): that's deep
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): my favorite was "Good timber does not grow with ease: The stronger wind, the stronger trees"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i saved that one
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in the interest of lightening the mood, did anyone see Scott's multi-story story posts about a brand of soap and asking them to sponsor him?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): what lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): We have two sitting in the office but they're both relationship based
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh wait I found the best one we have
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nothing beats this one
Nokri (Marisa): woah laminated
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmaooo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's shit SLAPS
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): palms fucking SLAP
Elfriede Faun (Tom): HELL YE
Nokri (Marisa): i thought i was organized but trying to find something on my desktop is like trying to find a needle in a haystack oops
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my desktop (both work and home) are so cluttered. I save everything to the desktop and oft forget to delete or sort
Nokri (Marisa): some of these i don't need anymore, like tinytake which was for school, *but i can't bring myself to delete it*
and if i delete deltarune it might permanently mess up my computer lol
Nokri (Marisa): do i still need my japanese resume on the desktop <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
maybe
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow so clean 😮
Nokri (Marisa): yet i still can't find stuff help
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): SO MANY
Nokri (Marisa): How is it even that big omg
Nokri (Marisa): also scary lightning aaa
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's a desktop so bigger screen
Nokri (Marisa): So many icons
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): a lot are zip files and the corresponding unzipped folders of CAD parts I've downloaded
Nokri (Marisa): I miss CAD it was fun in high school
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and the file names all start with ```ENG_CVM_CVM```
Nokri (Marisa): Our autocad teacher was so chill yet we still stressed him out so much oops
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My CAD professor in college was an ass. Like, he was nice, but an ass. We'd be doing our in-class work which was all step-by-step following the instructions in the book and required a lot of concentration so you wouldn't lose your place
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and while we were doing it he'd announce what the homework was and then if you didn't hear him or were busy concentrating on your work he'd be like "I'm not repeating it. You should have been paying attention"
Nokri (Marisa): Wow what a meanie pants
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and we'd be like
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, we were required to buy the textbook because he and the other professor who ran the other section "wrote it" and by "wrote it" they "arranged chapters from a couple different textbooks into one smaller paperback textbook"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): still cost like $60
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im a neat freak hello
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh same xD i dont save anything to desktop
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): even this many is too many
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I love that picture of Bumble
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): my laptop at home has like 4 icons
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): RIGHT? ISNT HE CUTE?
Aldus Larian (Jess): My desktop has like maaaybe 15 icons?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he looks so concerned
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but it's so cute
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): he was up to no good
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): chewing on something he shouldnt have had in his mouth
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ah, so it's a look of *guilt*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and i caught him
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and he was like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "OH SHIT"
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Tikur (Kurtis): Got this today, is my response too much?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): is that a good or a bad thing
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 🤔
Tikur (Kurtis): https://media.tenor.com/images/45e680ca35573863f65939fd85f36528/tenor.gif
Bill: My desktops are usually empty cept for temporary files.
Bill: Don’t want to hide the art.
Bill: Course I never look at the desktop anyway.
Nokri (Marisa): wow trump asked you personally, that's amazing
Nokri (Marisa): the lady outside screaming "i'm goin' to bed" is such a mood
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:mood:543191222127296522>
