Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://instagram.com/pinsent_tailoring?igshid=pbsb576qhz6p
Andrew: Sooooo at work a minor cashier threatened to shoot a customer
Andrew: Yeaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh
Andrew: I love the tandem response XD
Andrew: Dont know how exactly it started but the cashier and customer got really heated and  the dialogue culminated in a threat to shoot the guy.
Andrew: The manager had to restraint he guy as he went after the cashier who was being pulled away.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh god <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Andrew: The customer was takeen outside and cooled down, and for some reason the manager let him back in the store (still trying to figure out why he thought that would be a good idea,) he for some reason grapped his toddler son and walked back inside.
Andrew: And supposedly tried to say sorry as he went straight to the cashier but they got heated again and got a hairs breath away from getting violent.
Andrew: The cops were called and the cashier was sent home, thank god it didnt escalate.
Andrew: I hate this store.
Andrew: Our one manager is a bully who conspired to get my coworker kicked out (and is being accused of sexual harassment,) and the other is a rreally nice guy but has mentally checked out of caring about the store (he asked for a transfer.) The stoore director is nice but a pushover so nothing gets corrected.
Andrew: Marisa, you and Bojo continue avoiding this place like the plague.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tfw your boss emails the whole staff "hydrate or die-drate"
Aldus Larian (Jess): It tru tho
Dizzy: You should choose my job
Bill: !choose fanfic, my job
Bill: booo
Aldus Larian (Jess): What a mood
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow Dizzy wants you to take her job
Bill: I read fanfic anyway
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~also mood~~
Bill: giphy's options for embracing chaos are disappointing.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://tenor.com/view/madman-drink-chaos-gif-13973427
Bill: Oh hey it's woody
Bill: I was expecting something like this but less moitviational.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ialqays feel so awkward when I get to the park and there's people making out I'm like "you guys need anything some snacks? A condom?"
Nokri (Marisa): walk in between them
Nokri (Marisa): they're playing red rover
Aldus Larian (Jess): They disappeared lmao
Bill: ~~into the bushes?~~
Nokri (Marisa): because they saw you coming like
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk hopefully they found somewhere more private cuz they was getting spicy
Nokri (Marisa): do you think anyone in the world can draw hands
Bill: Not I
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sound fake
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao whoops
Bill: I have completely given up on work today.
Nokri (Marisa): have you tried blowing in the cartridge
Bill: ~~I'm okay with it tho~~
Nokri (Marisa): that's not very obedient capitalist prole of you
Nokri (Marisa): how to draw birds
Aldus Larian (Jess): Zig zag in the sky
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): m
Nokri (Marisa): o
Aldus Larian (Jess): P
Bill: Donkey!
Nokri (Marisa): qi dont think it work
Nokri (Marisa): im also out of hotel transylvania iii fruit snacks
Bill: <:dominos:564959311155953684> ?
Nokri (Marisa): no they were fruit snacks from the store
Aldus Larian (Jess): Have you ever considered
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like
Aldus Larian (Jess): Food food
Bill: like.
Nokri (Marisa): food food
food in food
like a tofurkey?
Bill: <:dominos:564959311155953684>
Nokri (Marisa): i think dominos is bad cholesterol and i'm supposed to watch that now
Nokri (Marisa): i did eat today
Nokri (Marisa): that's why i'm out of fruit snacks
Aldus Larian (Jess): No as in like meat, fruit, vegetable, uhhh something that doesn't go in top of the food pyramid?
Nokri (Marisa): fruit............snack
Bill: That true, I need new thing to order you so you can eat.
Nokri (Marisa): i had meat, we have this bag of shredded pre-cooked chicken for dinner eventually and i stole a shred earlier
Nokri (Marisa): don't tell
Bill: Eat MORE chicken.
Nokri (Marisa): pack of fruit snacks, gummy vitamin, five different pills, shred of chicken is a healthy daily diet
Nokri (Marisa): this isn't chick fil a
Bill: No it's not...
Bill: Where can I order food for you.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 沽ｭ mawisa you need to eat real foods
Nokri (Marisa): i gotta draw bird
Nokri (Marisa): i think it was real!
Nokri (Marisa): i've been seeing this grey rope moving in my peripheral vision though so i might be seeing things
Nokri (Marisa): why summer
Nokri (Marisa): so hot
Nokri (Marisa): my bird looks like the kotoricon mascot, do you think they'll finally hire me after all these years
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *B O R D*
Bill: https://www.grubhub.com/restaurant/hewa-906-n-white-horse-pike-stratford/270430?utm_source=eat24hours.com&utm_medium=grubhub-owned-delivery-properties&utm_campaign=growth_redirect-eat24-legacy_201811&utm_content=nopromo_

Asian food. They delivery to you.
Nokri (Marisa): i already ate i don't need food
Nokri (Marisa): are u calling me a weeb
Bill: *Your a weeb and you need to eat a proper meal*
Nokri (Marisa): what a gorgeous picture
Bill: 沽ｭ
Nokri (Marisa): it brought biru to tears wow you should submit it to natgeo
Bill: please eat enough...
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Bill: I do.
Nokri (Marisa): are you sure
Bill: very.
Nokri (Marisa): very.
Bill: sure you aren't eating enough, yes.
Nokri (Marisa): i ate and i'll eat again when bojo gets home
Nokri (Marisa): what's on the other side of a fence
Nokri (Marisa): another fence, perhaps. but made of shrubs.
Nokri (Marisa): what's behind that fence
Nokri (Marisa): birds
Nokri (Marisa): wow
Nokri (Marisa): the jonas brothers are answering questions on tumblr
Nokri (Marisa): this place deader than finals week
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ue
Nokri (Marisa): idea: foot violin. violin for feet
Andrew: Yo patent that
Nokri (Marisa): the bow is an ice skate
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I'm so tired 沽ｴ
Nokri (Marisa): Don窶冲 be. Easy.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Easy!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Maybe sleep
Nokri (Marisa): maybe
Nokri (Marisa): How big would a king cake need to be to use a life size baby
Aldus Larian (Jess): What is a king cake? <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): Cake with a baby in it
Nokri (Marisa): For Mardi Gras
Nokri (Marisa): Big choke hazard
Nokri (Marisa): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh shit I forgot about that
Nokri (Marisa): Big cake for lifesize baby
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mardi gras is wild
Nokri (Marisa): How big of a cake is needed to put Him in the cake
El氣電e Faun (Tom): B I G
Nokri (Marisa): Ask a scientist
Aldus Larian (Jess): He must have told a really funny joke
Nokri (Marisa): She窶冱 laughing for her life
Nokri (Marisa): put the tiny cake in the baby
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Will it ever be found?
Nokri (Marisa): I guess you gotta cut it up to find out
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): How big is a normal king cake for a tiny baby
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I am scientist and I can calculate the cake needed for mega baby
Nokri (Marisa): Regular cake size I think
Nokri (Marisa): Pls mister science
Nokri (Marisa): Calc
Nokri (Marisa): i think at least one thing in this pertains to everybody's interests here
Tikur (Kurtis): Neato
Nokri (Marisa): why does everyone seem to be talking about tmnt
