Bill: I have no meetings tomorrow. Clearly a good reason to not go in.
Tikur (Kurtis): You do you
Andrew: Aaaand I'm officially on vacation
Andrew: Woohoo
Tikur (Kurtis): Woohoo!!
Tikur (Kurtis): Congrats!
Andrew: ty ty it was a real effort
Andrew: almost didnt make it
Bill: I got a show recommended to me via netflix, In The Dark. It's snarky drunk bitch solves crime, but she's blind.
Bill: It's pretty great.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~is that homestuck~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Meg voted in my story poll huh that’s new
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woahhhh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WHOEVER GOOD AT ONLINE SHOPPING I NEED SOME HELP
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.amazon.com/Galaxy-Printed-Reversible-Waisted-Junior/dp/B01COVQNSA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_product_top?ie=UTF8
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00VUT6LO4/ref=twister_B07BWD3P85?_encoding=UTF8&th=1
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): are these two links probably for the same exact product
Aldus Larian (Jess): sure looks like it
Aldus Larian (Jess): one's juniors and one's womens maybe?
Nokri (Marisa): Looks like the same thing but from different sellers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, no size selection?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): take the reviews into account as well
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the first one says "junior's" and the second says "women's"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): is that a real differentiation between the two
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): some of the measurements of the skirt are different too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): first says 15.8" long and the second says 16.14"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd say go for the cheaper one? Amazon can be tricky because a lot of times different sellers use the same photos for the same product
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Looks like it's not a weird item that's going to take 5 weeks to arrive and worst case scenario you can return it /shrug
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hella
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thank you amazon gurus
Bill: https://secretnyc.co/theres-a-massive-ball-pit-party-coming-to-nyc-and-it-looks-epic/
Nokri (Marisa): Dashcon II looks great
Bill: https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&source=web&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwjelb-D-8jjAhWOg-AKHagyCvIQzPwBegQIARAC&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.theverge.com%2F2019%2F7%2F22%2F20699316%2Finstagram-like-hiding-update-feedback-data-countries&psig=AOvVaw1AAjpIDa5URchAneRaUR9c&ust=1563899837505631
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 😲
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Interesting developments today
Aldus Larian (Jess): does she usually not like your stuff?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Usually doesn’t like my stuff or look at my story
Aldus Larian (Jess): OwO
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmmm interesting
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Maybe she's getting over whatever beef was between you two? Honestly I thought I remembered her saying once she didn't have any issue with you. Might have been one of those situations where you both avoid the other because you both think the other doesn't like you?
Bill: Basically.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And now that neither of you are dating Hal, maybe that awkward tension will ease more
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo they broke up?
Nokri (Marisa): Recently or a while ago?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ages ago
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hue
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): they were together like two months
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but yeah maybe!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i felt like she was kinda hostile in BNE for a bit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but that was during Hal time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so i imagine Hal had some choice biased words to say about me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Possibly
Bill: I still don't know if the one instance in BNE I recall was that hostile. Much more likely you both thought you hated the other and then never spoke.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:ishetho:573830887485997097>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Erik I want you to know besides the witty retort, when I first saw this, my reaction was “wtf I didn’t send this”
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Lol xD
Bill: Oh no this scene is too sweet one of them is going to die.
Bill: I've spent most of today making flowcharts.
Nokri (Marisa): Omg that guy who took pictures of my feet at zenkai a few years back is posting nude models on Instagram and the one girl is entirely naked except for the exact sock and shoe combo I was wearing back then
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~what his name~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i just wanna talk~~
Nokri (Marisa): Posting in nsfw
Nokri (Marisa): He goes to a lot of local cons and konkon
Bill: The crook, the boyfriend, and the best friend in car to rescue MC
Crook: "Whose she again?"
She: "I'm Jess, I'm Murphy's best friend"
Jess: "And who the hell are you?"
Crook: "I'm Darnell, I'm Murphy's."
Crook: "I'm Darnell."
Nokri (Marisa): Wot
Bill: Show I'm watching.
Nokri (Marisa): O?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i just deleted all the emails in my college email cause i have automatic forwardng
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 3000 emails
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats like 1000 emails per year
Nokri (Marisa): The power is flickering and the roof is making big scary noises ahhhhh
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t know whether to prepare to evacuate or to prepare to hunker down if the worst happens
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t really have anywhere to evacuate to
Tikur (Kurtis): This Thunder and Lightning is thicc and it's ass cheeks be clapping
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mom's out?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah ordinarily the car is my go-to spot because at least it’s covered
Nokri (Marisa): no car, office is closed and locked and I don’t know the code for the lock box, I don’t know any neighbors
Nokri (Marisa): There’s a park next to the office we might be able to hide under something there if we have to
Aldus Larian (Jess): Do you think your roof is gonna fall?
Andrew: RIP my sisters call
Andrew: 
Nokri (Marisa): It might. It’s botched and has leaked for ages and it’s making some freaky sounds right now. It also looks a little different like water damage maybe
Nokri (Marisa): Ahhhhhh oh no
Andrew: Stay safe marisa
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no! Ughh that sucks, she has insurance tho right?
Nokri (Marisa): insurance for what lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh Andrews sister, for the car
Nokri (Marisa): OooOH
Andrew: Yea
Nokri (Marisa): my bad I’m a jerk wh IS PANICING
Andrew: Shes hood
Nokri (Marisa): Flickering power ahhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): If something happens can you guys go to your sisters?
Andrew: Lucky no glass broke or engine damage
Aldus Larian (Jess): Coo coo insurance should cover
Nokri (Marisa): aaAAA
Nokri (Marisa): I’m gonna die of a heart attack before crushed by the roof at this rate
Aldus Larian (Jess): You on ground floor?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah but it’s a small house
Aldus Larian (Jess): But you have 3 floors total right? So like you have the attic and second floor above you?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah the third floor is more like a loft, it only covers half of the second floor and the roof is tilted. That’s what I went up to to see the discoloration and figure out what the noises were (that it was the roof and not something on top of the roof)
Nokri (Marisa): nails have been falling out of the roof for months I think I posted a picture of one that almost hit me a while back
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ugh that's so terrible
Nokri (Marisa): If the roof collapses, the weight might bring down the third and second floors maybe. I dunno I’m not an architect but it’s a possibility
Nokri (Marisa): The ceiling of the first floor is already unstable and falling apart because leaky bathroom
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Nokri (Marisa): Oh BoJo is home now!! She says a tree fell down on the road in front of her
Aldus Larian (Jess): ahhhhhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ommgg
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.readingeagle.com/news/article/cat-that-crashed-reading-wedding-reception-later-adopted-by-parents-of-the-bride
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Our cat adoption story made the local paper
Bill: You famoose.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yay!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ERIKS IN DA PAPARS
Andrew: nice
