N🆗ri (Marisa): imagine not knowing about seasons.
"dang! that tree is dying! guess we're gonna die too!!"
then like 6 months later "YOOO IT'S COMIN BACK"
Elfriede Faun (Tom): You cosplayed Fuuko huh <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): As in dead starfish gurl?
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah!! i met the person who runs the biggest "clannad" facebook fan page and she posted my pic there and people said i looked scary ;u;
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'm also in a news article somewhere as fuuko
N🆗ri (Marisa): i've got like 3 wooden starfish i made in shop class during highschool
Bill: I have done taxes!
N🆗ri (Marisa): how do you feel
Bill: I'm getting less than last year rip
N🆗ri (Marisa): revolution
Tikur (Kurtis): Rise up against the proletariat
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh boy now were talking about Donald Trump's space force
N🆗ri (Marisa): I. I think you’re a little confused there friend. Unless you did mean proletariat then come fight me in the pit
N🆗ri (Marisa): Woooooooo space force
What ever happened to that
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have no idea but something about building a space station on the moon
N🆗ri (Marisa): Can’t believe 707 is in charge of the space force
Aldus Larian (Jess): omgggg if only 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~donald trump would never let a korean run the space force~~ XD
N🆗ri (Marisa): Why are you dropping truth bombs like this
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Seven could convince Trump he was the special Korean liaison between the North and South and America
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Uniting all three countries for space station on the moon
Aldus Larian (Jess): Now you're thinking
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tom's mom is sleeping
N🆗ri (Marisa): Wake her up (wake her up inside)
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah
N🆗ri (Marisa): Can’t wake up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): (Wake her up inside)
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ahhhh I wanna work on cosplay stuff but I need supplies and I on parents are here but I'm just sitting here <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
N🆗ri (Marisa): reach across them
"excuse me i need that sword"
N🆗ri (Marisa): "gotta sand this clay, you see."
Aldus Larian (Jess): I need to go but clay 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wanna eat my ice cream but I don't wanna share so I gotta wait till they leave
N🆗ri (Marisa): kick them out so you can ice cream omg
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): I got the ice cream
N🆗ri (Marisa): what ur flavor
Aldus Larian (Jess): Chocochip mint
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *yeet(
N🆗ri (Marisa): **G o o d F l a v o r**
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Best flavor
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE it's one of my favs for sure
N🆗ri (Marisa): saeran's too i'm sure
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): If Ray did a hip hop album would it be "Saeran Rap"?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes
Aldus Larian (Jess): "spent my whole childhood chained up in a shack.
Momma beat me and my brother ain't commin back"
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'll... I'll leave now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof I need to read their backstory
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHOOPS spoiler alert
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really don't care lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lol I figured
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): If it's in Ray's route, I wouldn't have gotten to it anyway lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no you learn about in sevens after ending, Ray's route just expands on it
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well the "secret ending"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ooooh gotcha
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ye most of it is from seven’s backstory right? By ray’s route they just expect you to know it
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeaaaaa pretty much
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's why you go with the boi you must save him from himself 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Someone halp him
Aldus Larian (Jess): The other day I went to Google "how soon can a baby be delivered" but Google suggested "how soon can a baby fly"  <:minathink:544567715931750405>
N🆗ri (Marisa): what was the answer
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Immediately after birth if you throw them hard enough
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Bill: Well Netcong was a parking lot so I missed my train.
Bill: Weee imma drive into hoboken for the lulz.
Bill: Been meaning to try it, I’m already late so.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Godspeed
Bill: Noooot a good day for a light jacket. Since I have to walk extra distance.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah it cold
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what happened to that warmish weather
Bill: Two block wall from a garage with plenty of open spaces tho. Took about 2 hours door to door, and I had unusual traffic in my area.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): scrolling through my archived posts and I came across White Fang Cosplay's 500 Follower giveaway where he was trying to get to 500 followers. The prize was a $35 Arda giftcard lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that was in October 2017 lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and now he's got over 1300
Aldus Larian (Jess): Goals
N🆗ri (Marisa): the cat outside today is an absolute unit she's massively furry
N🆗ri (Marisa): [customer walks in right as one of the workers is shouting "you can kiss my [redacted] [redacted]" on the phone]
hi welcome how can i help u
Bill: I like how my getting to the office late is everyone else just getting.
N🆗ri (Marisa): are you guys familiar with ukiyo-e and the name hokusai
are those common knowledge or do they need explaning
Bill: Sounds very familiar but me and japanese history don't miss.
Aldus Larian (Jess): not one bit
N🆗ri (Marisa): thank u for ur input you may have saved my panel
i thought it was stuff everyone knew but. i forget many people are not massive weebs. 😿
N🆗ri (Marisa): miss hokusai is a movie on netflix. it's not bad but it's very forgettable haha oops.
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's about his daughter or somethin
N🆗ri (Marisa): i have about 10 pages of notes so far and i haven't officially started the textbook. can i fill this 70 page notebook <:thinku:543194478614413318>
N🆗ri (Marisa): i cursed myself now it's too loud and i can't focus <:rip:369476083248267274>
N🆗ri (Marisa): there's a cat coming up the walkway!!! welcome good sir
Bill: oh they showed the Frozen trailer for captain marvel?
Bill: My *Mom* was like "I guess I should watch the first one".
N🆗ri (Marisa): I WAS SWINGING MY LEGS AND I KICKED THE LEVER THAT CONTROLS THE CHAIR'S HEIGHT AND I SUNK LIKE AN ANVIL
Bill: I DO THAT AT ARMONK
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Hahahaa
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's amazing
N🆗ri (Marisa): kick lever. get hurt on the job. sue.
Bill: The only thing on my todo list is to join the Archery range I found. I'm pushing that till after Zenkai too so...
Bill: My running todos since January is almost clear.
Bill: oh wait, I need to make that list of shoot spots.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.fun.com/fun-suits.html?a=2&g=1&lt=883&fbclid=IwAR3OSM2KtT7xFfN08ZSdrzIxkScz6HAL41lEYzpJIeEW0F8_ccTkyHoRwV0
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm trying to find the catch
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Full suit for under $30
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That has Doctor Who lining
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and only $6 shipping for end of March delivery?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): this is so cute
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): wtf
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm trying to find a reason not to buy it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I can't...
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ngl, can't find one
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i was like "oh maybe its bad quality"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): nah it looks p good
N🆗ri (Marisa): Is it a legit site? Has it been around for years and has reviews or was it made last night
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I mean, for $33 total it's worth at least trying out
N🆗ri (Marisa): I mean sometimes the site will steal the money and not send the item because it doesn’t exist
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): welp, we'll see next Friday (hopefully)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.fun.com/marvel-vintage-print-womens-trousers.html
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!334090409389195266>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~the matching blazer is sold out unfortunately~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): DAMNIT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): that wouldve bee a Look™
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.fun.com/womens-marvel-vintage-print-one-button-blazer.html
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i am sad
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you can get notified when it comes back in
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but that would be a very you look
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): catch me waiting to buy a power suit
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): get me on that notification list fam
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they have a DC one if you're into that but I know you like MArvel stuff
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea i def wanna wait for the marvel one
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it also just ... is nicer
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): more colorful
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.fun.com/marvel-womens-cargo-fashion-jacket.html
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.fun.com/womens-classic-marvel-wool-coat.html
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Just call this the Leanna fashion line
Bill: lol dc.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.fun.com/marvel-spider-gwen-blanket-scarf.html
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.fun.com/funwear/marvel-comic-print-snow-pants.html
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *hell yeah*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): holy fuck
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im about to throw out my entire wardrobe again
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): if this site is legit and follows through, they've got some GOOD SHIT
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): at GOOD PRICES
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im like shaking
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i want it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i want that coat
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): fhlashfklhlk
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ITS ALMOST SUMMER
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): AND I WANT THAT COAT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): FUcK
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): https://www.fun.com/funwear/iron-man-casual-jacket-secret-identity.html
Bill: Ethan used to live in westfield?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): right across from the train
Bill: mmkay, couldn't remember which town the cute little park we shot in was.
Bill: I'm thinning my location idea map out.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Must be difficult being a professional cosplayer and posting the same 10 story posts advertising your Patreon sets *every day*
Bill: Yo I’m almost home. Driving back from the city of choice.
