Nokri (Marisa): why am i being subpoena'd in neopets aaaaaaaaaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): ummmmmmmmm excuse me what exactly are you selling here
Andrew: Spent the day in Lancaster shopping and a smorgasbord. Well spent
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Tongue ... Shrinker?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Every dog in town is barking
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well, not town. Neighborhood
Elfriede Faun (Tom): In other news just hit the bed and instantly melted
Bill: Sound nice.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEAH IMMMM STILL NOT TIRED
Elfriede Faun (Tom): bruh i went OUT at 1:30AM TO GET DIESEL
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WHY AM I NOT TIRED
Tikur (Kurtis): Oof why
Elfriede Faun (Tom): furnace ran dry, then died
Tikur (Kurtis): RIPPERONII
Elfriede Faun (Tom): had to call a repair get guy and take a half day
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :///
Tikur (Kurtis): Oh noooo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): is okay, it work now
Tikur (Kurtis): That good!
Nokri (Marisa): So great when the temperature in the house is less than 60 degrees
Bill: oof
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeee....
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I know that feel 😭 😢
Nokri (Marisa): The heat’s not on but the TV is? <:pew:543202259085950996> Not playin anything, the cable box is turned off, just a black empty screen <:pew:543202259085950996>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's my favorite channel
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): cleaned my room <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> emailed another professor about research <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> now i have 20 minutes to derp around til i have to study
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): power nap
Bill: what's it like to be so motivated to study you have dedicated time frames for it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:rise:557579163511554050> impromptu dance party <:rise:557579163511554050>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im not motivated just anxious
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i convert my anxiety to energy to get rid of it
Bill: I would avoid the thing that gives me anxiety rather than do more of it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my anxiety is failure
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so i could hide in my convenient nest of pillows and make the failure a reality
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): or i can do my best to study and at least ill leave the exam tomorrow knowing i did all that i can
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): http://i.imgur.com/McFn2bf.gif
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _current mood tho im a fake that havent watched this anime__
Bill: I won't explain a different angle of stress so you don't have a risk of finding new ways to be stressed.
Bill: ~~neither has marisa~~
Nokri (Marisa): GEORGIA HASNT SEEN K ON
Nokri (Marisa): I HAVE
Nokri (Marisa): SEASON ONE AND MOVIE
Nokri (Marisa): Can you study with candy on your book so it’s semi rewarding
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i shant be stressed because all i can do is my best and thats good enough <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): o i have m&ms
Bill: correct but you can't escape your brain on fear.
Bill: Also K-on is cute but not. Worth the time.
Nokri (Marisa): K on ushered in a new era of anime its famous
Nokri (Marisa): Culturally and historically significant
Bill: It invovled cute, ditzy girls playing music and eating snacks for 48 episodes.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah im scared to fail but if i fail irregardless of studying really well, then it was out of my hands anyways
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~sounds boring oof~~
Bill: Music was good.
Bill: But.
Bill: It's literally defined the genre of 'cute girls doing cute things' for anime.
Bill: That's a very wise outlook. You are ready for grad school.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): those are the worst animes, if i wanted to call cute girls to do cute things i woud hang with marisa and jess <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): college has taught me healthy stress management <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _im like an onion, the exterior is stressed but the interior is okay!_
Bill: ~~but sometimes the real cute girls are too busy to play with~~
Bill: Great flirt tho. I can hear Mawisa swooning.
Bill: Well, I don't remembering you being quite so good at stress management last year. So the compliment is also marked improvement.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if i have nothing, i have marisas and our mutual love of interesting niche topics
Bill: In what world do you have nothing...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you know the expression <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: I don't actually. Not one I hear often.
Bill: I get the gist.
Nokri (Marisa): [movie announcer voice] IN A WORLD WITH NOTHING
Bill: The K-on movie is pretty cool though. They go to London and they can't speak english, and everyone else speaks english so it's funny.
Bill: They don't just magically run into foreigners who speak a completely different language for plot convienence.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): is that an old phrase
Bill: Just not a commonly used one.
Nokri (Marisa): I hear it a lot
Nokri (Marisa): I also like “everything but the kitchen sink”
Bill: LOL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i like that one too
Bill: Who was fucking torrenting in the Canada office.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL
Nokri (Marisa): Omg see that’s what happens when you illegal
Bill: * on your company network.
Nokri (Marisa): Anywhere
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): now im looking up origins of some idioms
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "Chip on your shoulder..." In the 19th century, someone looking for a fight would walk around with a chip of wood on their shoulder. Someone could take them up on the challenge to fight by knocking the wood off their shoulder.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _new aurii lore when_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "Drop of a hat..." During the American frontier days, the dropping of a hat was used to signify the start of something, often a fight.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~drops hat~*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://media1.tenor.com/images/373f283d805e8cd818e7fd75cac5ff78/tenor.gif?itemid=4475879
Nokri (Marisa): They did the hat thing in shield hero so I’m ready to throw down at AnimeNEXT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "You're fired..." This is most employees worst fear, and the roots can be traced to the early 1900s at National Cash Register. Legend has it founder John Patterson sent an employee out on a business call and when he was gone put his desk outside and set it on fire to signify that he no longer had a job when he returned.
Nokri (Marisa): Wait no that was a glove 
But same idea
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn
Nokri (Marisa): Subtle
Tikur (Kurtis): Just found my favorite 2 panels of a manga
Bill: I am getting the hairs cut and hopefully aiming to keep it like this goin forward, no more short cause oof. Just. Take away the rugged good looking guy.
Nokri (Marisa): Draw on angry eyebrows
Bill: I doubt I need to draw those on. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Andrew: If i see a spear hero Marisa do i challenge him to a duel first
Andrew: to get the drop on him
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof an artist I really like has a show in Philly in July but its on a Tuesday...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and each ticket gets you a signed print
Aldus Larian (Jess): sounds like youll be sick on wednesday
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and it's at the Fillmore so tickets are bound to be like $20
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea def sick
Bill: I put contacts in to see as she cuts and styles my hair but my eyes are so dry from all day in front of a computer.😭
Bill: Oh this is a mistakeeeeee my face looks so ugly while she’s cutting my haiiiit
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i did that once and then decided to not ever do that again and just be blind for 4 hours
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the only bad part to me is when you get hair in your eye as it falls
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): then its like
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://giphy.com/gifs/derp-eyelash-iqYimmSNizGVy
Bill: The way I have to sit to make my head in arms reach for her, it has me at a angle up at my chiny chin chin.
Bill: Which is oof.
Bill: Basically same cut, minus rugged good looks.
Bill: It’ll work.
Bill: *yeets contacts somewhere into car cause eyes are so dry*
Bill: Every time I go to a random Starbucks in jersey the staff seem so happy. Something must be in the beans.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Looks good!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm seeing Endgame again because I'm bored
Bill: Lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And it's $5 Tuesday so why not
Bill: Detective Pikachu when tho frens.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Was thinking if seeing it but no good seats still
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Fuck it is 5 dollar Tuesday damnit
Bill: And thank Erik.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Good seat this time lol
Bill: ~~was the radio silence on the haircut bad, cause Mom keeps saying how she wants to see it styled by me and not the hairdresser~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): imma be honest it just doesnt look that much different to me?
Bill: that’s fine then.
Bill: She’s just making me paranoid.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): It's not bad at all, but I do think you will style it better yourself. It looks like a good length. But, yes not too much different than before xD
Bill: Kk. I swear I was just going to take no comment as good, but like I said one too many comments about how it’ll look without her styling it.
Bill: Freaking nervous energy man.
Bill: I should go to bed early.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Sorry dude, I hope the nervous energy goes the hell away soon
Bill: Tis usually a passing thing.
Bill: Trick is just not doing something stupid while it’s a thing lol
Bill: Better than angstlord of late.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yeah i usually like how i style it better than them as well
Bill: Ye.
