Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): http://vm.tiktok.com/8DVkoQ/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@245270932602486784>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): IT ME
Nokri (Marisa): you tiktok? 💃
Nokri (Marisa): MAFUMAFU WHY
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Owo
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's true
Nokri (Marisa): He can’t speak any English. Someone asked him “who’s birthday is it?” and he said “yay thank you” and walked away. Someone taking a picture of him said “don’t move” and he changed poses. *who wrote pwease in his video description or taught him that word*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh noo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Y E E T*
My sister and brother-in-law were out checking out yard sales today and saw someone selling a 3 piece furniture set (sofa, love seat, and recliner) for $100 and I just bought them <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): now your living space won't be empty!! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo that's a good ass deal
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was only going to have my sister's old shitty futon until I got a couch but now I don't even need that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): They all recline too
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yoooo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Those look comf
Tikur (Kurtis): They look like the type of couch you sit in and then never get up again
Kaio Vermino (Lee): "Does this couch make me look dead"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): He said the only thing wrong is that the recliner chair has like a broken spring that makes closing it a little difficult, but like, if that's it, I'm totally cool with that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I saw the recliner (bottom pic) and thought it was the love seat from how wide it is
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA I'm totally sitting sideways in that if I am ever invited over
Nokri (Marisa): solution: never close the recliner
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Lowkey on my way home my thinking was "Tom and Jess could both sit on that and there'd still be room"
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woah I<:woah:543194447345876998> <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA you're right!
Bill: Jen and Jeremy offered to come up Labor Day weekend to help with any remaining boxes since they had something come up this weekend...

I told them I can’t imagine I’ll be still in boxes then. I sure can now. I sure can now.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lol o still have things in boxes
Nokri (Marisa): Moved like 7 years ago and half of our stuff is still boxed up
Nokri (Marisa): Does anybody ever really fully unpack ever
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.reddit.com/r/reallifedoodles/comments/cro45b/ducky_mcducky_the_dog_conquerer/
Nokri (Marisa): My sister is such a mood
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *she's how old again?*
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm pretty sure your sister could kick my ass
Aldus Larian (Jess): But spider are terrifying
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@386874959009415170>  the blue one tastes like pure alcohol and nothing else
Nokri (Marisa): ooo yeah my sister is 36
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YEAH!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 128 proof wooooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): I hate it 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's awful
Nokri (Marisa): 128 cops appear in front of you if you even glance at that stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Use it as rubbing alcohol instead
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): What's the orange?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~and where did you get these bonus flavors~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): It says "orange"
Nokri (Marisa): ~~jail~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I'm at a friend's
Aldus Larian (Jess): I had the blue and the cinnamon so far cinnamon is good
Aldus Larian (Jess): The Harley one just tastes like whiskey
Nokri (Marisa): imagine a squid but with a beak like a pelican's
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Big gulp squid
Nokri (Marisa): I wonder how expensive clothes would be today if people manufactured them out of human skin
Nokri (Marisa): omg do you think
hold on how do I put this thought into words
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😟
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Probably not very much because theres so many humans in this world..... like if aliens came to harvest us I'm pretty sure that would be sustainable for them for awhile. 


I should stop this thought immediately
Nokri (Marisa): ok so you know how like when people see gore, it's kind of gross. some people get sick at seeing someone's head bashed in or get squicked out by raw meat and stuff. I pass out when I see skeletons in a museum and some people can't watch surgery/medical shows where they're doing operations
if people had never seen meat before, and didn't know what was inside our bodies except maybe blood, had no idea what meat or muscles or bone looked like. would they still be grossed out by it? would they instinctually get an uncomfortable feeling or would they be like "lol what's that"?
Nokri (Marisa): tru there's a lot of humans, but given current laws people might need to give their consent to be made into clothes? or it'd be done through illegal means like murder or grave robbing, driving up the price
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Do aliens follow human law
Nokri (Marisa): i've heard there was a ritual in ancient central america where they'd wear flayed human flesh until it rotted to represent a corn husk to get a good corn harvest
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:shrek:554719881216524310>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:Shooketh_Honda_San:605590718026874901>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:wot:604744067883991082>
Nokri (Marisa): would aliens like that it's biodegradable
would it be biodegradable on their planet
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:minathink:544567715931750405>  we will have to ask
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Nokri (Marisa): what if the aliens are really tiny little things and one human could clothe a hundred of them
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Aw, wow they could just slowly kill us off and be all set for generations
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Are there vegan aliens
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Would they make vegan human leather
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Is pleather people leather
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I have a lot of questions
Nokri (Marisa): What do aliens define as vegan
Would human vegans eat alien products equivalent to eggs and honey
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Woah good questions. I'm writing these all down just in case I ever meet one
Nokri (Marisa): Yes please
Just don’t get turned into fashionable street wear
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'll try not to, but if it happens then so be it
Nokri (Marisa): i posed the meat question to amelio and he told me that he once saw a really messed up gory image and he didn't know what he was looking at for a while so the answer to "would we be scared of our own insides if we didn't know what they looked like?" seems to be no for now
Nokri (Marisa): kirby with legs is a lot like human flesh
Nokri (Marisa): OH NO there's a drop of sweat on this person's nose in a picture from otakon
i didn't realize they were so hot i feel so bad now
Nokri (Marisa): u know what song is a jam?
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-w2rz873Zk
Nokri (Marisa): NOW THERE'S TWO DROPS OF SWEAT ON HER FACE i am so so sorru aaaaaa
