El🆓de Faun (Tom): I think it caNt kill you tho right?
Nokri (Marisa): YOURE RIGHJT THEY DJD IT
Nokri (Marisa): Only took five hours good for them
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WOOOO YEAAHHHHH
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I DID T EVEN WATCH AND IM HYPE
El🆓de Faun (Tom): ALSO IM WATCHING THE LAST EP OF ONE PUNCH SEASON 2 SO THAT MIGHT BE PART OF IT
Nokri (Marisa): <:pew:543202259085950996> ✊
El🆓de Faun (Tom): DAMN SEASON 2 WAS NOT AS GOOD
El🆓de Faun (Tom): But t at least the last two episodes were hype
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Y’all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): **Y’all**
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If you’re tryna meet cute college girls holy shit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Swing classes???? 75% cute college girls
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I went to one and that was literally the gender break down
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And they’re all so down to earth and chill
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And any guy that was moderately good, automatic cool kid
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m not sayin we should all go to one sometime but I went to a class that was SIX DOLLARS and then they had a free dance session afterwards with a couple ice breakers
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s the clutch move y’all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This one guy was pretty good and I swear one of the TAs I went with was fucking him with her EYES
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This has been a PSA
Aldus Larian (Jess): Haha nice 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sounds fun!
Bill: You're on a college campus, so. Expect college kids.
Bill: I wanted to do swing classes a year or two ago after Otakon had the jazz club. But awkward as hell to go to a partner dancing thing with no partner. So I never looked into it.
Bill: Also if the trends follow any post college class will be people in their 50s and 60s cause you apparently have to be that old to have money to burn on doing things.
Bill: Still wanna learn it though.
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill: It is a good thought, sorry to jump to pessimism. It's just less depressing to not think about it as a potential solution (that could 'fail') for my problems so I beat it down a bit to just a thing (which *could* be a solution but with no expectation to be disappointed by).
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i wasnt on college campus tho i went into town fam
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and it was literally 90% 20 year olds
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and the point is supposed to be that you dont have a partner
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): plus dancing requires you to get very comfortable with people very fast
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): icebreaking without dumb icebreakers
Bill: Where ever you are is a college town tho right? Well, either way, you find one in north jersey, I'd go. I could visit you theoretically, but would have to be a weekend.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aight nobody at college in the summer <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i talked to the people (i mean i danced with all 25 other people there lol) and they were from different parts of the area
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Me: Whoa, this $300 prop replica of Tony Stark's arc reactor looks really neat <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971> 
Also me: But you just had $500 worth of work done on your car ☝ 
Also also me: *And* you still owe Joey $150 for vacation expenses ☝ 
Also also also me: *Plus*, you still have food, beverage, gas, and toll costs to factor into your vacation ☝ 
Me: *~puts credit card away~* *Fine....* 😔
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Progressive: Hey, this might be bad timing, but your auto insurance is also ready to renew <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Wow. I can put the sun position on the watch face.
Bill: That's so useful.
Nokri (Marisa): sun dial
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Same dude <@386874959009415170>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): All the bills hit us at the same time
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It's been oof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): luckily auto insurance doesn't expire for another month so I scheduled my payment for a couple days before.... on pay day... lol
Bill: Unlike carplay apps, apple watch stuff is pretty polished. Like I can check messenger rather than just messages.
Bill: So how'd you go about looking at apartments Erik?
Bill: Katy's friends moved into a place a town or two over (Flanders) and it's apparently very affordable (for Jersey), so... Don't want to just look at that but also going to look at that saturday.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Aren't those caterpillars that turn into snakes the coolest shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just looked up places on apartments.com
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): looked for ones in my price range and that didn't look too dumpy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): shot an email over to the ones I liked (but you would probably rather call)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): set up a time to come look at them in person and they'll show you around, tell you about their facilites and what all is included
Bill: I'll email too, occasionally. I'm just not patient. :3c
Bill: Jersey's freaking ridiculous with rent... Not much in a range I wanna look at.
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve found something more uncomfortable than putting a hot plate on your lap. 
Putting a plate that you thought was hot but is actually cool on your lap.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): This popped up on my Facebook. Seems fitting as per our conversation earlier
Glonk: Flip a coin like I would for life decisions
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lmaoooooo mood
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean I can make memes about it now but it’s sadly a very real possibility later
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ll have to talk when I visit this weekend
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lowkey vent but i feel like its kinda unfair too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): cause i didnt dump him for purdue
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but he made it a very real possibility that he would leave if i got a nasa internship
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ahangst
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's sad 🙁
Tikur (Kurtis): That really is fam *giant bear hug*
Nokri (Marisa): This internship would make you more valuable in the eyes of society, if he gives you up because you want to follow your dream then he’s a big neener.
Tikur (Kurtis): If he's really meant for you he would stay no matter what.
Tikur (Kurtis): This is an opportunity of a lifetime, don't let someone that will let distance stand in the way to keep you from it
Tikur (Kurtis): Plus it something you obviously REALLY want to do
Bill: ,... Basically what Kurtis said. If it’s really a relationship where both parties care about each other, they support one another even when it’s hard. You compromise and you make the best of the situation so you’re together in heart. It shouldn’t even be a question to support you following your dreams, and vice versa. It should be a discussion on how does it work for both of you. That’s what I think.

If he actually like, said that verbatim... You deserve to have someone who really supports you. I’m sorry that’s even a scenario you have to deal with. It is really sad.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And there’s very few opportunities offered to intern for the place I want to work
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s a billion eligible bachelors in the world lol
Tikur (Kurtis): Exactly lol, plus you never know where you'll go from there.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tinder has shockingly good pickings
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I helped my friend Megan swipe through the other day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Pleasantly surprised
Tikur (Kurtis): https://media.tenor.com/images/27426af55d0e09ae5f3d2f36bae52690/tenor.gif
Tikur (Kurtis): Get them bois
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ANYWAYS Noah might have changed his mind too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He said this like back in March
Tikur (Kurtis): Also true
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So maybe my attitude towards him while he’s at Purdue... may have changed his mind?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I can’t be TOTALLY pessimistic
Bill: Pessimism is my thing. 

Still that he said that in the first place... it comes off as a flag to me but I don’t know the whole story and we’re different people.
Tikur (Kurtis): Yeah but people change so
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah it came in the context of "is long distance on the table"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean we've survived the past two months so hey?
Bill: I guess “absence can make the heart grow stronger” is a saying for a reason. That true.
Bill: It seems like you’ve already accepted the “outcome” of him leaving though, at least via text format... (Though I could very well be wrong!) Which is the opposite of heart grows stronger.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i meannn idk if hes changed his mind
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and its easier to prepare for the worse option and be pleasantly surprised!
Bill: I say that all the time!
Bill: I say it as food for thought. That’s all.
Bill: ...Welp. *This is all kinds of weird for me rn* so imma go do... *something* else. Always a message away if you need anything. Proud of you. 
<:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
