Bill: https://patch.com/new-jersey/pointpleasant/final-deal-nj-marijuana-legalization-heres-when-it-will-come?utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=blasts&utm_content=newjersey&utm_medium=social&fbclid=IwAR2P3SzWTXRMq5M7zuVtYomG1qwjkHiPNK3YnLj-PbpMPM-6cYnikqGXBRI weeeee
Elfriede Faun (Tom): There it is
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Jared suddenly announces his move to back NJ
Bill: only good to come of the change.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I mean decriminalization I think is a good idea
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Putting people in jail over weed is silly
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that I agree with
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): honestly, the only reason being around weed makes me uncomfortable is *because* it's illegal so if it gets decriminalized then it basically becomes my same issues with regular smoking which are just that I find it gross
Elfriede Faun (Tom): From a position that I stand (not consuming any regulated substances) alcohol tobacco and weed are the same to me
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah exactly
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Same
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Weed is more uncomfortable cuz it illegal
Bill: mm. Weed also just makes you dumb, flat out... Alcohol can be done in moderation, and... I don't even know what the psychological effect of smoking is.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really don't know all of the hazards of smoking it, but like, if it just makes you dopey or mellowed out then what's really the difference than getting buzzed or drunk?
Bill: Was talking about it yesterday, you can have one beer and be mostly unaffected. You can't have 1 weed and not feel the effect.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): true
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But you can have 1 shot
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Same same
Bill: I'm not really affected by one shot, but for some people yeah.
Bill: The point is alcohol is a sliding scale, weed is more of a switch.
Bill: That's a very different sliding scale for different people, but I'm not giggling at the thought of the Dexter's Lab logo for an hour after a beer at lunch.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But you also can't get weed posoining and die in one go
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Maybe we should just ban everything to be sure <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Snow had me try weed once, I didnt feel anything. Just super tired? But I'm pretty sure that also because it was 2am
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): So idk. I dont really get weed
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I don't get the appeal. It smells awful
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have never had a weed
Bill: mhmm. I just can't get over how stupid it made people in freshman year of college.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea it does smell awful
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And yes people do tend to just get really stupid
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Not really sure why it's so popular
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): On the other hand CBD is calming without the stupidity
Bill: My brain may constantly drive me insane, but I'd rather be intelligent and in control than not.
Bill: > Me: Tom and Jess didn't go away to school, I wonder how much experience they had with people smoking (it's a dorm life ritual)
> Me: *Facepalm*
> *Jared*
Bill: I'm dumb.
Aldus Larian (Jess): jared doesnt smoke around us
Aldus Larian (Jess): the only experience i really have is hanging out with my friend brother, his friends and they all smoked
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah that
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Also Jared is easier to beat in fighting games drunk then high <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~more experience in one than the other~~
Bill: Though, I see that. Alcohol does hit motor skills after a point.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): He had more exp drinking actually
Bill: ~~is you kicking his ass when drunk why he switched to weed primarily~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nah he says drinking makes him feel less in control of himself
Bill: I'm trying out rearranging my desk a bit...
Bill: I hate this desk sometimes.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I see a lot of people our age making a lifestyle out of weed over alcohol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hence why it makes them dumb
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~or both~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tru tho the alcohol peeps usually make a lifestyle of partying
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which tends to include both
N🆗ri (Marisa): How about neither
N🆗ri (Marisa): THERES A CAT WIMMING IN THE PIKL
N🆗ri (Marisa): wait nvm it’s a duck
N🆗ri (Marisa): False alarm
That pool is gross
Aldus Larian (Jess): yime for a swim
N🆗ri (Marisa): He’s diving what is he diving for
N🆗ri (Marisa): What are you doing
N🆗ri (Marisa): I think he’s done
Aldus Larian (Jess): he is done with bog bath
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): *get out of my swamp*
N🆗ri (Marisa): Now he stands at its edge staring at his reflection and pondering life
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Understandable
N🆗ri (Marisa): he's gone.................
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): we barely knew him
N🆗ri (Marisa): YOU GUYS
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): BACK WITH FRIEND
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WOAH
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHOA
N🆗ri (Marisa): WHOA
N🆗ri (Marisa): they're still playing but there's a cat on the opposite side of the fence :0
N🆗ri (Marisa): two cats now :0
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 2 cat vs 2 duk
N🆗ri (Marisa): THREE CAT?
something went into or stuck its hand out of the shed there
N🆗ri (Marisa): THREE CAT IT'S A KITTEN
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): cats are waiting for ducks to get out so they can eat their lunch
N🆗ri (Marisa): noooooooooooooooooo
N🆗ri (Marisa): **they're getting out**
N🆗ri (Marisa): one of the cats started stalking something in the other direction and ran off screen
N🆗ri (Marisa): THE CAT IS BACK
N🆗ri (Marisa): the ducks flew away!! they're safe!!!!
N🆗ri (Marisa): update
two cats left, one is napping on a bin, and the ducks are back <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
N🆗ri (Marisa): they're playing it's very cute
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's adorable
N🆗ri (Marisa): i can only access nsfw on my phone right now because work computer and my phone is at 1% <:lenny:395307171539189760>
but the top is like a black mesh over the shoulders and then from the chest down it's a very bright galaxy print. sleeveless.
the skirt has a sparkly black waistband and i think a layer of sparkly black tulle over the galaxy print
N🆗ri (Marisa): i find and take pictures later
N🆗ri (Marisa): now the ducks are laying down next to the pool and there are two cats napping on a bin
N🆗ri (Marisa): nap time for everyone
Aldus Larian (Jess): NAP TIME
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): can that apply to hoomans as well plz?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yes
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oo neeto
Elfriede Faun (Tom): !
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh i hear an ice cream truck
Aldus Larian (Jess): GO GO GO
N🆗ri (Marisa): given how cold it is they are probably not focusing on selling their ice cream 😱
N🆗ri (Marisa): ???
Aldus Larian (Jess): ICE CREAM?
N🆗ri (Marisa): BoJo just sprinted out the door so maybe???
N🆗ri (Marisa): Usually they pedal drugs though and the ice cream is bad and they don’t know how to scoop it
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT NO
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg your neighbor is scary
N🆗ri (Marisa): Omg yeah $8 ice cream no way
Bill: I got the notification about a tracking number this morning but. I still don’t know what it’s for.
Bill: I assume V wog.
N🆗ri (Marisa): m y s t e r y p a c k a g e
N🆗ri (Marisa): how exciting
Bill: Obligatory new glasses selfie.
Aldus Larian (Jess): OO those are really nice!
Aldus Larian (Jess): they look nice
Bill: Ye. I wish the other pair had come in too.
Bill: Definitely done with the smol ones for awhile.
Aldus Larian (Jess): big bois are in
Aldus Larian (Jess): i need new glasses so bad
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just keep putting it off
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Where did yours say it was coming from (location wise)?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The tracking
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Mine says Jamaica, NY
Bill: Ye same.
Bill: The only other option was the costumes from ezcosplay, and those are in china, not done, and china is outside of USPS's coverage lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): i guess jamaica is in new york now. huh.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sweet so then probably wogs
Aldus Larian (Jess): dang dat was fast
N🆗ri (Marisa): "hey do you wanna check out my wog collection
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I bought a different shirt for Jumin at the same time as the wig so wasn't sure if it was that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Or if My Hero movie shipped. I know that's due this month
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok new glasses ordered hopefully they look ok on me
Bill: yay!
Bill: someone motivate me to go to shoprite.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Go to ShopRite!
Bill: eh.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:5142_then_perish:554720548274569246>
Bill: weird flex.
N🆗ri (Marisa): go visit andru!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > watching relatively popular cosplayers doing unboxing posts in their stories 
> Me: Boy, it must be nice to just... *get things*
Andrew: Nono dont go there
Andrew: See me but dont go there well meet up somewhere else
N🆗ri (Marisa): is it because you hid all the good snacks and don't want anyone else to find them among the shelves
Andrew: I've been found out
Andrew: Oh no
Bill: I did it.
Bill: Hahaha.
Bill: Adulting.
