Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hello friends
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I have learned that beer is just bad pee pee water
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That is all, thank u
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not entirely wrong
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): What are you drinking
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Heineken and Nat Light
Nokri (Marisa): not beer that’s for sure *right*
Nokri (Marisa): **Georgia**
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah those are literally just piss
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not beer <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): She's good <@301927856240459777>
Nokri (Marisa): *is she though*
Tikur (Kurtis): Hey y'all instagram literate people, how do I tag someone in the description?
Tikur (Kurtis): of a post
Bill: Called piss beer for a reason.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s just dirty water and now I gotta pee ya know
Nokri (Marisa): i think you can just @username someone in the description? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): and it should be automatic maybe
Tikur (Kurtis): oh neato
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): First thing I'm looking for now that I'm moving out is a new bed
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *do I want to splurge on a frame that has drawers?*
Bill: Relevant
Bill: Was just looking at furniture myself.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh I need a new desk too
Nokri (Marisa): which of you is getting the giant framed picture of sasuke in the living room and which of you is lining the entryway with wall scrolls
Nokri (Marisa): how do i steal emoji from other servers
Nokri (Marisa): o found it
Nokri (Marisa): im gonna replace <:huh:555585958146473984> if that's ok with everyone
Nokri (Marisa): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): An acceptable substitution
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I started getting mattress ads
Nokri (Marisa): omg lee can I steal your cosplay fact story idea
it’s really neat
if not tho that ok 💯
Bill: Like three people have done that Mawisa.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh yea it's a meme that's going around insta!
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Go for it
Nokri (Marisa): oh who are the other two? I should get their permission too
Nokri (Marisa): Bless <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I saw Mark do it so I did it
Nokri (Marisa): ewik do I have your permission
I’ll send mark a message too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Of course lol
Nokri (Marisa): I’ll ask thousands of people for permission if I must
Bill: That’s not how this works.
Bill: That’s not how any of this works.
Nokri (Marisa): oh do i have to wait my turn?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): o
one of the people i shot at otakon is asking me if i can shoot them and a group on the 5th
i uh. don't live in DC like she does
and uh
she hasn't paid me for her first shoot either, she said she was going to paypal me that
Nokri (Marisa): this is so awkward how do i even respond to that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "I'm not local and am unable to travel at the moment"
Aldus Larian (Jess): 👆
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "I am also still waiting on payment for the last shoot. If you could please send that at your earliest convenience, it would be greatly appreciated"
Nokri (Marisa): she said she couldn't afford it and would pay me when she got paid, so i presume today or this weekend
Nokri (Marisa): oh it's saturday not friday
so then soon, i guess?
Nokri (Marisa): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's so wholesome
Bill: YES YES YES
Aldus Larian (Jess): I am FOOL I painted my nails before taking a bath and now all my nail polish is chipped 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ooooh the Adventure Zone guys are trying Fate
Nokri (Marisa): Regular mail man came but we just got some flyers
Nokri (Marisa): What address was used?
Nokri (Marisa): It could still come through ups or another mailman! Sometimes they come multiple times per day
But I wanna make sure we don’t have to knock on someone else’s door
Aldus Larian (Jess): Biru prob driving rn 😭
Nokri (Marisa): A McDonald’s worker in Florida was fired because he refused to serve paramedics who came into the store. He told them “we don’t serve your kind here,” thinking they were police officers even after they said they weren’t police. 

Now I don’t like to use the word idiot for other people, but.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Bruhhh
Bill: 321.
Nokri (Marisa): aaaaa yeah that's the wrong address uhhh lemme see
Bill: I apparently had it wrong sorry.
Nokri (Marisa): ahh i'm sorry
Bill: Err 234. I did double check.
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH THAT'S IT!
Nokri (Marisa): YOU GOT IT RIGHT
Nokri (Marisa): WEW THAT WAS A ROLLER COASTER
Nokri (Marisa): sorry to freak you out
Bill: You didn’t. Just distracted.
Nokri (Marisa): oo delivery monday
time to start sewing the costume

do you accept payment in uhhhhh cheese game pieces from mouse trap
Nokri (Marisa): i legit was going to draw your ocs today but then my tablet stopped working rip
Bill: I accept payments in form of you cosplaying it with me and Andrew. If you like a character.
Bill: Tom/Jess where do you go to the Ren fair?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Uhh NY
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tuxedo park
Bill: Huh. Sam and Ryan invited me to that one sept 7th.
