N汨渓ri (Marisa): 96neko has such a good voice. i didn't even realize she was a girl until i met her and listening to her songs is insane. how does she have such range
N汨渓ri (Marisa): she sounds like a guy one moment and then BAM girl vocals
N汨渓ri (Marisa): astounding
Bill: I窶冦 a selfie stick.
Bill: That me.
Bill: Is jacket shorter than shirt fashionable or not fashionable. No right? Or yes when open?
Aldus Larian (Jess): When open I'd say ya
Bill: 
Bill: I窶冦 getting that weird lonely mood I get where I all annoying and stressed. Sorry in advance.
Tikur (Kurtis): *Hugs*
N汨渓ri (Marisa): why the homestuck epilogue so horrible
N汨渓ri (Marisa): people are so angry at it they made their own website and epilogue instead. good.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh boy
N汨渓ri (Marisa): the series itself was so good. and the epilogue just. destroys it all <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N汨渓ri (Marisa): ||one character, dirk, commits suicide. another character, jake, was in love with him and after dirk's death he gets raped and married to Jane against his will? and there's an image of jake with his unwanted child sobbing at dirk's grave? it's so messed up||
Aldus Larian (Jess): W T F
N汨渓ri (Marisa): character development ---> 泅ｽ
N汨渓ri (Marisa): but the weird thing is that homestuck was so GOOD at handling those elements before. like, ||a big part of dirk's growth was that he didn't want to grow up into a big jerk like his alternative universe self, which is apparently the reason he kills himself? it portrayed characters very realistically like roxie and her alcohol issue and the whole "children with unbearable responsibility thrust upon them".|| then the ending was way rushed and now we have this heaping pile of garbage <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wtf. Why eish it when no one was expecting it anyway
N汨渓ri (Marisa): there was a really, really big pause during homestuck, the gigapause, which lasted over a year i think and during which a looot of fans moved on to other things because of the lack of content. there was something called paradox space which was like unofficial-official one-shots by fanartists endorsed by the author but it slowed down after a few months.

the homestuck kickstarter was the most successful kickstarter in history when it ended and raised like 2 million dollars i think? lemme double check that
N汨渓ri (Marisa): yeah almost $2.5 million
N汨渓ri (Marisa): and most of that money got stolen and put towards another game, which is why we still don't have the full game ~5 years later. the gigapause was spent trying to recoup the lost kickstarter money and work on a new game studio
N汨渓ri (Marisa): i think maybe hussie was just tired at this point. he didn't think homestuck would ever get as popular as it did and i don't think he intended it to go on for so *long*
N汨渓ri (Marisa): so people had been waiting like a year for the ending of homestuck and we got the homestuck anime we always desired but at what cost? at what cost.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn Homestuck be wack
N汨渓ri (Marisa): omg i'm sewing this wig and just the smell of being near synthetic hair sent me into convention shock. it's like being smacked with a yaoi paddle out of nowhere. i feel like i'm late for 3 different panels.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It must mean that you are
El氣電e Faun (Tom): do you own a yoai paddle from the old days?
N汨渓ri (Marisa): i don't own a yaoi paddle but as of today i own *an actual katana*
Tikur (Kurtis): You studied the blade
N汨渓ri (Marisa): given the time of day and the position of the stars i'd say the 3 panels i'm late for are
-the 18+ dating game i help host
-con horror stories
-a game of werewolf OR guests against humanity
N汨渓ri (Marisa): i feel like just by being within a certain radius of the sword, police are gonna catch m e
El氣電e Faun (Tom): did you say it was sharpened? o.o
N汨渓ri (Marisa): it's a 100% legit sword i'm scared to touch it but it can definitely draw blood
N汨渓ri (Marisa): 汨
El氣電e Faun (Tom): 汨
El氣電e Faun (Tom): i have one but it doesnt have a blade O.o
N汨渓ri (Marisa): where did it go
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It was never there to begin with <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: That was the most adult breakdown of homestuck I ever heard. Props.
Bill: 
Bill: I wonder where you can buy worry stones. I like the one on my fidget cube, I窶况e gotten used to using it during the workshop. Fidget cube is just bulky for my pocket.
Bill: Feels like an east meets west kind of thing. Between incense and eagle sculptures.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah it does lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): owo u can look up old black and whicte aerial photos of places on this site as its neat
https://vintageaerial.com/
Aldus Larian (Jess): das my parents house when it was built in 1986
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Woahhhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): is neat they just happened to get the pic while it was being built, theres no front steps yet
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah that's awesome
N汨渓ri (Marisa): how do they get into the house without steps
N汨渓ri (Marisa): jump?
N汨渓ri (Marisa): i was worried i've forgotten how to read japanese but luckily a photographer i know posted a picture of a menu and i was still able to decipher how to get free chicken
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres steps on the side too!
Bill: Chad Daniels is going to be in NYC in October!
Bill: Sweet!
Bill: Oh and with a saturday show!
Bill: Could make a day of being in NYC and going to the show.
Bill: I'll have to look into it later.
N汨渓ri (Marisa): omg i just almost inhaled a sewing needle lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT
N汨渓ri (Marisa): don't sing and hold thread in your teeth if the thread is connected to a tiny needle <:pew:543202259085950996>
N汨渓ri (Marisa): when you inhale, you will also inhale the needle <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): are u ok?!
N汨渓ri (Marisa): yeah <:pew:543202259085950996>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): THATS SO SCARY
El氣電e Faun (Tom): AHHH
N汨渓ri (Marisa): i n h a l e
N汨渓ri (Marisa): so metal
El氣電e Faun (Tom): DO NOT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I drove lily to tutoring and it takes too long to go home then pick her up again so I窶冦 at the dollar store
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Time to find some sweet stuff for Anext
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh ye me and tom doin that after work
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My babysitter took me to dollar stores as a kid
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That was my THING
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA ME TOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): sept it was my mom but YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): shed be like "heres 10 dollars" and be like "SWEET!"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): GOT GLO STICKS FOR DA RAVE
Aldus Larian (Jess): HELL YE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They sell pregnancy tests for a dollar?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Damn
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i mean i wouldnt trust that but ya know
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I got new bottles for toga (Mountain Dew ones didn窶冲 work) for 3 dolla for all 6
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH NICE
Aldus Larian (Jess): did u drinbk all that MT dew?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): No lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like half til I got sick of it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): MAN I love dollar stores, I got my toga bottles, a Father窶冱 Day card, a birthday card, glo sticks, a package of cereal for Anext, and a box of nerds
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _7 dolla_
Kaio Vermino (Lee): woah.
Aldus Larian (Jess): aww ye
Kaio Vermino (Lee): you bought us at the dollar store?
N汨渓ri (Marisa): good for fake bouquets too <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~do they have heart shaped glasss bottles?~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Uhmmmm maybe
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They had a lot of fake bottles and BBQ stuff for summer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ya they had a wall of fake bouquets!
Aldus Larian (Jess): did u leave already?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye I sorry
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Didn't you buy one babe?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye but its supposed to come friday 沽ｭ
