Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:rise:582318089228648456>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 泗 Floridians 泗
El氣電e Faun (Tom): why is this on my clipboard rn "i know nothing "
Nokri (Marisa): he watches
Nokri (Marisa): wackily
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And so the void stares back
Nokri (Marisa): hey guys if i die somebody please erase my amazon search history thanks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you can turn off search history 汨
Nokri (Marisa): that's revolutionary
Nokri (Marisa): and also
so is this
https://picrew.me/image_maker/45671
Nokri (Marisa): TROLL MAKER TROLL MAKER
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think this was the one I said made a good Chengu but there were no cat ears
Nokri (Marisa): oooooo i do remember that now
Aldus Larian (Jess): These never work on my phone 沽ｭ
Nokri (Marisa): homestuck should work on mobile tho if u wanna read that
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah that's ok
Nokri (Marisa): hi this is my trollsona, her name is MARISA ANIMES and she's a mudblooded weeb
Aldus Larian (Jess): What a queen
Nokri (Marisa): Georgia hurry back from your party if you don窶冲 plan on staying all night, you窶决e under a state of emergency and shouldn窶冲 legally be on the road
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): O tru
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I didn窶冲 even think of that back then
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): YESSS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I look good as a Homestuck 泗
El氣電e Faun (Tom): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Wasn't sure if blonde or white but I went with white
El氣電e Faun (Tom): My Homestuck Sona is tomkunkunkun and he's a devious prankster and has no redeeming qualities
Nokri (Marisa): TOMKUN KUNKUN
Bill: I look like the kind of devil that swindles people out of homes. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): what blood color are y'all?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Green
Nokri (Marisa): ~~except erik who's human~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): red
Nokri (Marisa): which shade of green? owo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): O+
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Light green
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): dive deep into the lore now children
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Jade virgo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Me, seeing all my friends as Homestucks
Nokri (Marisa): SURE IS
https://media1.tenor.com/images/1417b59f2faf6b2a0af70140ba999527/tenor.gif?itemid=14064848
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yessir
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Prospit
Nokri (Marisa): tom homestuck
El氣電e Faun (Tom): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): That's what I got when I did the quiz a million years ago
Bill: *I don't have black hair*
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I remember!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Jade virgo prospit
Nokri (Marisa): your trollsona has black hair
Bill: 
Bill: I'm not resetting everything to the troll one.
Bill: This is probably the most complete piccrew we've done, and of course it's from homestuck.
Nokri (Marisa): i like the horn choices
El氣電e Faun (Tom): THANK I picked that cuz I like fauns alot
Bill: *IN THAT CASE, can I recommend to you joining a particular house at the Garreg Mach Monastery*  <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Pure chaos.
Aldus Larian (Jess): *goes downstairs*
*Panic at the Disco is playing*
Must. Resist. Urge. To. Dance. And. Sing. Dramatically.
Pawlitics: 
Pawlitics: wow what's this
Pawlitics: hi strangers
Bill: Not allowed.
Pawlitics: oh i'm not allowed here?
Pawlitics: guess i'll leave
Bill: I'm not joking around anymore.
Bill: You leaving is not a joke worthy topic in my book.
Pawlitics: my free will was taken away
Bill: Joke's over.
Pawlitics: i couldn't post images
Bill: However, you've just discovered a security failure in Discord.
Pawlitics: how can i post self indulgent invader zim fanart
Pawlitics: if i can't post pics
Bill: User specific permissions on a channel, such as preventing image embeds, are deleted when that user leaves the channel.
Pawlitics: yeah i left because i couldn't post
Aldus Larian (Jess): She obviously didn't think the joke was funny. Taking away her privledges is an abuse of power
Pawlitics: it's pretty obvious discord would delete the permission when i left
Bill: It would make far more sense to keep it there. On a server with open invite links, someone whose being a shit could have the permissions removed and rejoin easily.
Pawlitics: then that person should be banned
Aldus Larian (Jess): Can we make a new rule not to delete other peoples posts from now on?
Pawlitics: ye if i'm not allowed to delete my own posts can other people not delete mine
Bill: I only delete no u, so. No u is unbanned then.
Bill: Fine.
Pawlitics: 沁 a great day for democracy 沁
Aldus Larian (Jess): Cuz it's really not fair and I don't think you'd appreciate it if someone did that to you
Pawlitics: the original post wasn't even self depreciating
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what was the original post? was it the "no u" Uno card?
Pawlitics: yeah, i saw jess had posted it on tumblr so it was something along the lines of "thanks jess for this great image"
Tikur (Kurtis): Quality song for y'all https://open.spotify.com/track/4ICV8cfYzmaLHnUx02QxL7?si=CF9rrv83SK2la57HCrXRJg
Bill: Woo!
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): I didn't get a chance to open it yet
Aldus Larian (Jess): Got the shower invite too
Bill: I don窶冲 think guys get those but ye.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Not for this one no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Bridal showers are typically for the ladies
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye recently more couples are starting to do both
