Bill: I’m jealous of your having friends in middle school and actually getting to do something with nerf guns.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~I'm jealous of y'all having money in middle school ~~
Bill: Well. Technically most of those guns I got going to college. Freshman year thing that never happened.
Aldus Larian (Jess): My point still stands
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oo the neighbors are doing fireworks and I wanna watch but I don't want them to see me being creepy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I didn’t have that many friends I just told everyone to bring people that I knew they knew
Bill: Do it Jesssss
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah they are legit right outside window i will be obvious af
Nokri (Marisa): Turn the lights off inside and let the fireworks illuminate you staring through the window
Aldus Larian (Jess): At first I though tom was in the other room just dumping hard candies everywhere
Nokri (Marisa): As he does
Nokri (Marisa): Often
Aldus Larian (Jess): He is unpredictable
Elfriede Faun (Tom): O F T E N
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): someone managed to flip their car in a walmart parking lot near me today
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): a *parking lot*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *how?*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): some of these comments are gold
Nokri (Marisa): oh yeah!! i saw an article about that and asked the same thing
Nokri (Marisa): that's just the power of walmart maybe
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow you saw an article of where I'm from 😮
Nokri (Marisa): how does it feel to live somewhere famous
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg “you were born out of the wrong hole” is gonna be my new favorite insult
Bill: Tis workshop week for my project so Armonk all week! 😭
Bill: That said company bought a.room in town for the duration so I’m going to have some peaceful nights ~~of walking to nearby bars~~ to work on photos and Aurii. Erik is the last question mark to starting I believe. Need to work out that Drecian spy angle.
Bill: Jen and Jeremy got engaged!!!!
Glonk: Congrats to them
Bill: I’ll tell them in person this weekend, I’m supposed to see them Saturday.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I saw that! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Tikur (Kurtis): Oh yay!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmfao
I took my cardigan out of the clean laundry basket this morning and took it to work and i just went to go put it on and a pair of my underwear are wrapped up in  XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): thank god it didnt fall out
Bill: Alright Jing is wearing a tanktop (a nice one but) and jeans at IBM.
Bill: Our dress code HAS to be bullshit.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao my coworker just asked someone for a "CVS file"
Aldus Larian (Jess): he means csv but its just funny cuz he always acts like he knows everything
Bill: Funny story, I named a piece of code CSVReader for a good 6 months before anyone caught it. Myself included.
Bill: This was code for my internship too.
Bill: Lol I forgot the typo that’s the point of the joke.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao i kinda figured but i was like :o?
Bill: Yeeeelol
Bill: I thought it was great. Biweekly code reviews and no one caught it. The name was in multiple places too like.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Bill: There’s a guy with “I know <HTML> how to meet ladies” on his shirt.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): O feel like I still smell smoke
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Maybe it's ma boots
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _why ya boots smokin_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *because them toe socks be **HOT AF***
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://giphy.com/gifs/hero0fwar-the-office-michael-scott-dwight-schrute-ToMjGpOjkiEjzJ1ZaJG
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/classichorrorblog-6viOUpkOEMhDa
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Maybe it's just ingrained in my sinuses
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://giphy.com/gifs/the-office-no-steve-carell-12XMGIWtrHBl5e
Tikur (Kurtis): <@351785752197201920> Ditto, I was telling a coworker what I did this weekend and just described I felt like I was back in it xD
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah it's def still in my sinuses lmao
Bill: Aaaaah it’s nice when the company pays for the room, yet I still get nights and points for it.
Bill: ~~I think this suite is the same size as my sisters apartment~~
Bill: And cheaper than every con but Zenkai.
Bill: And. Too much space. Traveling alone is weird.
Bill: Granted I’m not traveling to do stuff in the evenings so having sitting space is probably going to be nice, but. Weird.
Bill: I feel like I need to take advantage of booze being in walking distance but it’s *tuesday* and nah.
Bill: And I have no motivation to go walk to get dinner.
Bill: White plains is an odd town.
Bill: It’s like. Morris town but more spacious but more empty.
Bill: Waitaminute.
Bill: I was going to go buy some beers and go back to my room.
Bill: Err. Never mind.
Bill: All the traffic lights in this town chirp like birds.
Bill: At different speeds and pitches.
Bill: It’s a trip.
Bill: You know those small midwestern towns someone gets murdered in that have deep running secrets? That’s the vibe.
Bill: I’m almost back from dinner and I’ll shut up promise.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh good those make great crime dramas
Tikur (Kurtis): Small town murder vines are the good shit
Bill: So the wine and spirit store down the block for BWW (where I had dinner) actually only had wine and spirits. Good thing this suite has a set of wine glasses.
Bill: Why?
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
