Andrew: watching info streams in japanese
Andrew: for cardfight vanguard
Andrew: and all theyre doing is cracking yaoi jokes
Andrew: too much kanji hurts
Bill: Oop I feel rain I should have taken the underground walk.
Bill: Today on New York, I definitely just pasted the protagonist of Persona 6.
Bill: I have doubts Starbucks used the right cream. She thought the heavy cream was kept out and it not.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): PMS is strong today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Saw a cute dog walking to class and I wanted to cry it was so cute
Aldus Larian (Jess): awww what a mood
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Aww omggg
Aldus Larian (Jess): i will posses your heart is a great song but that intro is such a tease and so long
N🆗ri (Marisa): saeran's new theme
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My allergies acting up like crazy today damn
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'm kind of hungry but also don't want to eat because we're eating dinner at five <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): snak
N🆗ri (Marisa): i don't think we have any
N🆗ri (Marisa): aside from those spicy fruit roll ups but do i really want to do that to myself <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 5 is so far away
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): eat something small at least plz
N🆗ri (Marisa): naw it's already after noon
N🆗ri (Marisa): only ~4.5 hours
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): a fruit!
N🆗ri (Marisa): a............. what
N🆗ri (Marisa): OH like a fruit roll up yeah, we only have the spicy ones from katsucon
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no like, an apple
N🆗ri (Marisa): they have apple flavored fruit roll ups???
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh i've seen that in minecraft
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they're actual real things :3
N🆗ri (Marisa): they're an expensive luxury how am i even supposed to get an apple. go outside??? ? i'd die
N🆗ri (Marisa): there's 2 week old fried rice in the fridge
N🆗ri (Marisa): it very dry
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Apples are def cheaper than fruit roll ups yo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Most fresh stuff is cheap
N🆗ri (Marisa): are u sure because most fruit roll up boxes are like $1-2 whereas 6 apples is like $5-6
Aldus Larian (Jess): apples are like 49 cents a piece
N🆗ri (Marisa): WHAT
WHERE
N🆗ri (Marisa): even at the local farmers market they're like $1 apiece
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe 99?
Aldus Larian (Jess): theyre ussually priced per pound
Aldus Larian (Jess): but on apple is like a fraction of a pound
N🆗ri (Marisa): you can get them cheaper by the bag but those ones are going bad and are meant for pies and stuff, they're too mushy for eating
N🆗ri (Marisa): w h a t
Aldus Larian (Jess): theyre like 1.99 a pound ish?
N🆗ri (Marisa): naw that's the price per apple
Bill: Dominos?
N🆗ri (Marisa): no we're talking apples
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://grocery.walmart.com/ip/Gala-Apples-each/44390953
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah see those are $1.47 each
Aldus Larian (Jess): no thats per pound cuz price is based per pound
N🆗ri (Marisa): but it has a different pound price on the apples below it
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): why buy apple when i can obtain more fruit roll ups and chocolate for the same price <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Also I think other fruit is cheaper per
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Onion
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Buy onion
N🆗ri (Marisa): good
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Eat whole
Aldus Larian (Jess): onions arent fruit babe
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
N🆗ri (Marisa): we have onion flakes i can pour those on my tongue
Elfriede Faun (Tom): MONCH ONION
N🆗ri (Marisa): onion flakes in water
N🆗ri (Marisa): new cereal
Aldus Larian (Jess): i def get apples on sale for cheap af tho
Elfriede Faun (Tom): There was that one guy trying to live off 20 a week in food
N🆗ri (Marisa): healthy jess show me the cheap apples
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But also eat a daily diet that could sustain him
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So he settled on rice tuna and spinach
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But he ended up throwing it up after a week of eating the same thing for every meal
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ew
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeahh. the hard thing is you need to invest in some spices to vary it up, but getting the spices first is the hurdle
Aldus Larian (Jess): spices are expensive
N🆗ri (Marisa): we eat the same thing every day usually but cook it different ways
N🆗ri (Marisa): by spices i mean like, salt and pepper and some sauces <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh well ok salt and pepper ire pretty cheap but like cloves and shit are like 5.99 a jor
N🆗ri (Marisa): omg yeah no cloves are insane
Aldus Larian (Jess): 3.19 for cinnamon
N🆗ri (Marisa): we have salt, pepper, cinnamon, paprika, onion flakes, garlic flakes, parsley, basil leaves, soy sauce, gyoza sauce, and ketchup
really? i've seen it for $1
Aldus Larian (Jess): the smol one is cheaper
Aldus Larian (Jess): but the average one not on sale or clearence is 3.ooish
N🆗ri (Marisa): there are different sizes?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): dis the smol one
N🆗ri (Marisa): wot
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's expensive type
Aldus Larian (Jess): dis average one
N🆗ri (Marisa): is it like 3 feet tall
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye but generic is the same sizes
N🆗ri (Marisa): we have this
N🆗ri (Marisa): why don't i just pour cinnamon on my tongue. cinnamon challenge for nutrients it's genius
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my current spice obsession is smoked paprika
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my mom got some at the farmer's market and I put it in almost everything I cook lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): Paprika shouldn’t smoke that’s unhealthy and causes lung cancer according to the surgeon general
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea that stuff really good
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The lady at the café walked away without handing me my bagel...
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Jess's dad was all about that smoked paprika for a time
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like several months he put it in everything
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like me when I first tried Sriracha
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OMG i brought my bike to campus
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what a game changer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): made a 10 minute walk into a 2 minute bike ride
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the wind feels good, and its a small work out
Bill: The office is doing happy hour but I wanna go home.
Bill: and play minecraft.
Bill: So I'm. going to.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Good for you resisting the demon drink
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): They should add alcohol to the ~~children's~~ game and then when you consume it your screen gets all warpy like in GTA
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh like in skyrim when u take the skooma
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THAT WOULD BE SO COOL
Aldus Larian (Jess): or the sleeping tree sap
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Or that virus shit in nier
