Tikur (Kurtis): Y'all this thunder and lightning is fire
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hasn't reached us yet
Tikur (Kurtis): It quality 👌
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ALL DIS FOR DONATE WOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pwease:555585508819075112>  bless
Nokri (Marisa): How did you take this picture from so high up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s in the stairs to mah house
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg yeah Marisa’s never been here!
Nokri (Marisa): i like to think you climbed the wall to take a picture
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s so much junk leaving our house it’s crazy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We could be on Marie Kondos show
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So in addition to all that stuff we’re donating, a lot got taken to the curb for trash
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ye storm's been crazy. Tornado warning here <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): we had like one thunder and a power blip and that was it?
Aldus Larian (Jess): so far at least
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nothing here .-. Not even rain
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Woken up by the fire alarm the fuck is this college?
Bill: (Battery dying caused it to go off)
Nokri (Marisa): omg that happened to our carbon monoxide detector the other day i thought we were dying
Andrew: Did you survive????
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My dad put my AC in my window this weekend and I plugged it into my Smart plug so now I can remotely turn it on and off so it can be running by the time I come home
Bill: <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The future is now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): No more coming home to a hot boiling room
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woooo!
Tikur (Kurtis): Technology is amazing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): hrng with my show coming up on Friday I'm in like full musician mode now. I went to Guitar Center yesterday to pick up new strings and walked out with an 8-channel mixer as well
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And my band mate just tagged me in a Facebook market post of someone selling their bass amp for $300 and I'm strongly considering buying it
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): tbh I was looking at bass amps at GC yesterday as well lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the amp this guy's selling is $400 new and he sayshe's only had it for like 2 years
Bill: uh oh, I guess I need to make some impulse purchases to catch up.
Aldus Larian (Jess): its not an impulse if he been considering it tho
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I need to seriously clear out space in my room (which I started doing last night but didn't get very far
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): If I can make good progress and find a space to put the amp I might contact him about it
Bill: Just playing on the bit of me and Erik buy shit alot.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the mixer was 100% impulse lol but amp is something I've been thinking about
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because right now I just use one of my bandmate's
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I'm also using a borrowed bass
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so not entirely sure how long this band thing will continue which is why I wasn't sure if I wanted to actually make the investment
Bill: I'm sure you'll find more people to play with if you're interested.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): plus would just be cool to have a collection of guitars lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in case I ever wanted to do more home recording stuff
Bill: I'm going to have to find a cold no carb drink at starbucks soon.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): bass is good to have
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): water <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): black coffee <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: *cold*.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): iced black coffee <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): 👆
Bill: I never liked dunkin's iced coffee, but starbucks is just better coffee.
Bill: Have to try it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh i thought we were talking about starbucks
Bill: We are lol.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: The only ice coffee I ever tried was from dunkin, and I didn't like it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): At dunkin i like the sugar free toasted almond and coconut syrups together with almond milk
Aldus Larian (Jess): ohhhh ok gotcha
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Toasted almond iced coffee from DD is my shit
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA good shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'll admit Dunkin's coffee isn't always great, but I still drink it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really have no loyalties in the "coffee wars"
Aldus Larian (Jess): dunkin is either good or dab i find is very acidic alot of the time
Aldus Larian (Jess): dunkin coffee black is no good for me
Aldus Larian (Jess): starbucks is good black 
~~and when u get down to it black is the *actual* taste of just the coffee~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): If I'm feeling like donuts or one of their BEC sandwiches, I'll get Dunkin
If I'm feeling like a frapp and the bacon, *gouda*, egg sandwich, I'll get Bucks
If I'm feeling cheap coffee or I'm getting gas, I'll get Wawa
Aldus Larian (Jess): i perfer starbucks for sure over the two, but tom and i make coffee at home everyday, i prob but coffee out maybe twice a week?
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea im just talking coffee
Bill: lol I make no claims I drink 'real' coffee, I have more sweeteners than Ruby.
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres also 2 independent places in town that have really good coffee so i go there alot too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think someone I follow revamped their entire account. Like, deleted/archived all posts, renamed, and started over
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.instagram.com/p/Bxr7NmRDEzf/?igshid=1pgrww8315wn3
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Because I don't remember following this account lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But I appreciated the caption to go with this post
Glonk: The "come at me bro" -Randy Marsh
Bill: Two people in my office are skipping lunch cause they drank too much this weekend.
Bill: Damn.
Bill: That sounds nice.
Nokri (Marisa): Please discuss
Which is grosser
Having gunk on your hands that smears itself on everything you touch, or using saliva to clean your hands?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Is it your own saliva?
Nokri (Marisa): Ya
Or someone you know, like a parent cleaning their kid with spit
Aldus Larian (Jess): Gunk is grosser
Aldus Larian (Jess): More gross?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah that’s what I was thinking but <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah spit is invisible
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Technically less sanitary but noone will know
Nokri (Marisa): Yee!! Plus saliva is better than water at getting blood and stuff gone
Although in this case I got marker all over my hands and couldn’t get to a sink oops <:lenny:395307171539189760> there was a towel I could use tho
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): The trailer for Godzilla king of monsters is so good. That’s my big aesthetic.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ISN'T IT?
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH!!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~it makes me wanna do a mothra cosplay~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, really not sure if I have any interest in the actual movie, but I kind of want to see it just for the visuals because they're stunning
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i wanna see it so bad
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~please do!~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like i dont care about monster movies susually
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): usually*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but, it just LOOKs good
Nokri (Marisa): *do mothra*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like visually
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah I’m not particularly fond of kaijuu movies but the music and the monsters and how they’re portrayed together is fantastic
Nokri (Marisa): The website is pretty cool too, there are kaijuu all over the world but the ones in North America haven’t been unlocked/revealed yet
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.monarchsciences.com
Nokri (Marisa): O sweet we’re relatively close to Ghidorah
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): o lawd he coming
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok that website piqued my interest even more
Nokri (Marisa): Give him to us
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I didn't realize this movie was a sequel to the 2014 Godzilla movie I forgot existed
Nokri (Marisa): Orly? Godzilla movies are usually of questionable quality at best I think
I don’t think the movie’s gonna be great but the trailer is spectacular
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea the movie prob wont be good, but i hope they deliver us another great trailer xD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ```Godzilla: King of the Monsters (marketed as Godzilla II: King of the Monsters in some territories)[3][4] is a 2019 American monster film directed and co-written by Michael Dougherty. A sequel to Godzilla (2014), it is the 35th film in the Godzilla franchise, the third film in Legendary's MonsterVerse, and the third Godzilla film to be completely produced by a Hollywood studio.```
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's a Godzilla vs King Kong movie scheduled for next year as well
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Forgot they also rebooted King Kong in 2017 lmso
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and forgot about the MonsterVerse
Nokri (Marisa): Does anyone remember those cryptid commercials on Cartoon Network that looked so cool and promising 
And it turns out they were advertising a cartoon that totally bombed it was so bad
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): mayb eif I saw it?
Nokri (Marisa): https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=d84CVRXTTQQ
Nokri (Marisa): I thought the whole show was gonna be clips and investigations like that
And it wasn’t so it SUCKED
Nokri (Marisa): I only wanted to see live action aladdin for this scene and now that they posted it online I am content
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ceSt3bYwP0A
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres a breeze??
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): coming from inside my desk drawer?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao what
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): did you find narnia?
Bill: I got ice coffee with cinnamon dolche and heavy cream. It... doesn't really work. Just tastes... watery.
Bill: I liked cold brew more from Dunkin so I should try that.
Bill: Rip.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm late but yeah the Godzilla movie look good
Glonk: ゴジラ
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The gas man put the nozzle in my tank but then walked away before starting it 🙃
