Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sooooo remember that "contest" I was entered in? I guess they did 4 fandoms and each one had a winner. I won for RWBY. Three other 3 winners are all like 17 y/o girls and the "prize" was an edited photo lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not gonna post it because 1) it's low res as shit and 2) doubt they got the photog's permission lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo thats neat that you won tho!
Bill: Ye!
Bill: *Not surprised tho you DA BOI*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *One of these things is not like the other...*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lmao how awkward
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So this is where my sister is having her reception and where I will be sleeping the next two nights
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g53518-d666259-Reviews-Stirling_Guest_Hotel-Reading_Pennsylvania.html
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yooooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo das nice
Bill: There’s a church up in Sparta with multiple pride flags flying. That’s nice right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Bill: Right next to dentist.
Aldus Larian (Jess): they also started selling pride theme stuff at the card store/ gift shop in town
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i know which one theyve had them for a few months now
Bill: This is too progressive considering this is also the town I get stuck behind tractors on back roads in. XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH and the sparta historical society has a flag outside too
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea the sparta historical society is right down the road from a house that has about 10 trump signs on their lawn
Bill: Love it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you could literally have a neighbor on one side with a confederate flag and one on the other side with a pride flag
Bill: Better than just the confederate flags.
Bill: Slong as no one shoots at the other what the hell. It’s more fun with more opinions.
Bill: Weirdest fucking cleaning in my life.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea my last one was weird af too
Bill: They like dry your mouth out the whole time?
Aldus Larian (Jess): with the suction thing?
Bill: And like cotton pads and stuff.
Aldus Larian (Jess): mine was weird cuz the guy who owns the place is getting old and loopy and tried talking to be about some wierd stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no
Bill: I wanna guess she’s new outta dental school and is doing a bunch of stuff most people skip cause it pointless.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That crazy guy was the one that clean my teeth
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Grocery shopping when
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _oh fuck yeah_
Bill: Huh. Instagram doesn’t show you who viewed your story past 24 hours.
Bill: Anymore.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mine does
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Maybe i need to update
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nope I’m up to date
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Bill: that's from today isn't it?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OH past 24 hours
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah you’re right
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What makes this different from a normal desk??
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It has gamer colors
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tru all the gamer chairs were red or black too
Aldus Larian (Jess): Gaming desk. Fit. Many monitors. Black. IE the gamers favorite color.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): black, like the opposite of sunlight
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The gamer chairs tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Actually comfy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lots of back support
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like _i understand that one now_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Some child read my shirt and started yelling “Weezer Weezer Weezer!” at his mom
Aldus Larian (Jess): Awww
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I can’t wait to go home and eat my cereal and get me a spooderman from the cereal
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m a simple woman
Aldus Larian (Jess): There was a spooderman on the soda I had for lunch!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Far from home promo stuff babyyyyy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lmao this is pretty witty
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I think it's going over my head 🤔
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because Jesus, who is God, is omnipresent and there are just an overabundance of germs in the world
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YOOOO MY MALL GOT A COMIC BOOKS STORE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I went inside, it was half multi-hundred dollar collectibles, half comics
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ood
Dizzy: Hello! I made it a'okay!
Bill: Oh.
Bill: Dizzy crashed?
Bill: That’s odd.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Glad she made it a'okay 😭👌🏻
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So one of my brother-in-law's groomsmen dropped so I get to walk two of my sister's bridesmaids down like a pimp lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): NICE
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn why did he drop?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I forget but I think he just forgot to say he couldn't in the first place or something lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yo this place is so cool
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 🙏 🙏 🙏
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): THE FISH IN THE POND DIED LMAO
