Andrew: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Bx7CFiWfU0 this was well done
Nokri (Marisa): What a Kawaii morning
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yo I had another weird dream again
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I dreamed I was a girl in high school and I was cleaning out the janitor closet and found this cool demonic book
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I was like fuck it lets try this out and started going through all the “trials” to summon them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It was a very cool and vivid dream and it consisted of a lot of things like climbing into the sewers and boating across swamps
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I got more companions as more tasks were done, first was this goth girl that was super in love with the demon, another was two brothers where one was like a wimpy nerd that insisted that he got “messages from the demon”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But as the storyline progresses you find out it’s actually the other brother, who’s like the popular football player in school
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Sounds like a good video game concept tbh
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woahhhh
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I only got pulled over and got a ticket in my dream
Bill: ~~Nope shuffle on spotify, I don't think I'm ready for this one~~
Bill: ~~what are the statistics that all 6 of the original avengers didn't get snapped?~~
Nokri (Marisa): i've had a bunch of dreams recently but they're always melancholy and i know i'm dreaming and want to wake up but can't <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
like there was one about two cats in a big mansion, and one about planting tiny dog-shaped plastic toys to grow money trees in someone's backyard
Bill: Finished Sher is good!
Nokri (Marisa): oo cool outline
Bill: I am in *love* with the Sona drawings like they are my lifeblood
Nokri (Marisa): nya
Nokri (Marisa): left one is new weiss's outfit hehe
Bill: has a little bit of that in doesn't it.
Bill: ~~RT copied my OC what~~
Nokri (Marisa): sue them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What federal holidays do y’all normally get off from work
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m trying to see what would be a good theoretical weekend if y’all wanted to visit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean with free lodging and pool how could you not 👀👀👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): Only Labor day, Thanksgiving 😔
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Well that’s fucked
Nokri (Marisa): lol, getting federal holidays off work
Bill: Same. It's also an expensive trip down there.
Bill: I wouldn't bother with driving, I'd jump straight to a flight.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah flight rates seem to be pretty okay in October and early/ mid November cause that’s post vacation crowd but pre holiday crowd
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tho idk if it’s worth using a vacation day
Nokri (Marisa): wouldn't driving be way cheaper than a flight though?
Bill: Depends, but you'd have to want to drive that. I don't.
Nokri (Marisa): ooo
Bill: Theoretically, I could fly down one weekend, work remotely for the work while I'm down there, hang out after work/the following weekend then fly home.
Bill: I'm sure I'd get the okay to do that from Gord.
Nokri (Marisa): What about a bus
Bill: Bus rental from jersey to florida?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah
Nokri (Marisa): Might need a transfer or two but they exist
Bill: Oh you mean take a bus, not rent a bus.
Bill: You could.
Bill: It would take you at least a day I'm sure.
Nokri (Marisa): Omg no I’m looking for cheaper options not more expensive fidndhisbs
I was talking about instead of your flight
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve driven to Florida, it takes less than a day
Nokri (Marisa): Not me driving personally but I was in the car
Bill: Public transit is slower than driving yourself.
Bill: Cause of stops and routes.
Nokri (Marisa): But way cheaper than a flight
Nokri (Marisa): They don’t stop on every corner, buses like that stop maybe once every hour or two
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve been on buses that don’t have a single stop in 6-8 hours
Bill: 
Bill: It takes a day.
Nokri (Marisa): Oh on a bus, there you go that’s not bad
Nokri (Marisa): You can sleep on the bus
Tikur (Kurtis): And for driving you can switch off
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah! That’s what we did
Nokri (Marisa): It took like 13 hours but we were going to a northern part of Florida so it might take a bit longer
Bill: 250 for a flight isn't bad, when you consider saying over somewhere on the 17 hour drive to Florida, that's at least a 100, two tanks of gas going down and then two going up is 30~35 a pop... Bout the same. I also get sick on buses so I wouldn't do that.
Bill: Lord knows how much all the bus tickets would cost.
Nokri (Marisa): Don’t need to stay anywhere overnight, just switch drivers <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Greyhound bus from NY to Orlando is 130~150. oof.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah see that saves so much money
Bill: And you'd HAVE to take time off work, cause needing a day+ to go down one way means that kills saturday and sunday.
Bill: So you lose money.
Nokri (Marisa): Greyhound has WiFi on their buses
Bill: I get car sick so I couldn't work on a bus.
Nokri (Marisa): Says the person who texts while driving ;3c
Bill: It's cheapest to drive if you have multiple people, cause any additional people are at no cost. It's fastest to fly. A bus is slowest, least comfortable imo, and cheapest for a one person trip.
Nokri (Marisa): Let’s all walk
Tikur (Kurtis): Time to Forrest Gump it up
Nokri (Marisa): Google says it’ll only take 15 days
Nokri (Marisa): Road trip
Bill: Oops Adsouto's patreon tier for all variants is only 2 bucks so I have 30gb of high res art now.
Bill: Time to go see about expanding the wardrobe.
Bill: Not sure what my look is to expand into tho. I know I like the marisacon look of blazer t shirt and jean but.
Nokri (Marisa): oh gosh. i went into an email i rarely ever use and it's full of penpal requests.
i kinda wanna log onto the site and see them 👀
Nokri (Marisa): typical gaijin hunters rip
Tikur (Kurtis): They're what now?
Nokri (Marisa): gaijin hunters 🏹
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oof
Nokri (Marisa): japanese people who have a fetish for foreigners and try to get close to them, show them off as a status symbol and whatnot
Nokri (Marisa): i think my friend ayana is one. she's a great person and absolutely lovely and smart, but we have nothing in common and it's always really weird hanging out. it was very stressful last time.
Nokri (Marisa): but she invites her foreign friends to hang out more than her japanese friends and posts lots of pictures of them together
Nokri (Marisa): it was sweltering in here and we found a tiny water-powered air conditioner in a box so i turned it on and plugged it into my computer and it does make things cooler (it's kinda like a fan but computer and water powered?), but Sylvia loves it so much. she came up and stared at it for a long time, sniffing it, rubbing her head against it, before finally plopping down in front of it. ❤ 😻
Nokri (Marisa): now she's hogging all the air conditioning :3c
Tikur (Kurtis): Oof, but also you get that ac Sylvia
Nokri (Marisa): scoots next to her
Bill: I dragged my parents into the hot topic outlet entirely for kicks.
Nokri (Marisa): why did you kick your parents
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Happy national nude day y’all
Bill: Successful trip.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Just got home
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Driving 9 hours is rough
Nokri (Marisa): Vroom vroom
How was the drive
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Long
Aldus Larian (Jess): How was vacay?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hopped on I-81 and rode it all the way home
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It was awesome! Got to do so much stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Glad to be home though
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not looking forward to going back to work tomorrow
