Aldus Larian (Jess): I survived family time and now I am an immobile boob on the couch.
N🆗ri (Marisa): begin launch sequence
Andrew: 45 min until freedom
Tikur (Kurtis): Woo!
Andrew: A guy just broke through a locked door to get 1 thing
Andrew: I dont understand
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ugh I’m gonna be eating candy for months
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Not only did all my family get me some but NOAH TOO
Bill: <:5142_then_perish:554720548274569246>
Bill: Imma loving this military jacket again.
Bill: Everyone one else wake uppppp I’ve been awake since four and it’s lonellyyyyyy
Tikur (Kurtis): No you can't make me
Bill: *i have an air horn that says differently*
Tikur (Kurtis): Nooooooooi
Aldus Larian (Jess): 4?! That's what happens when you pass out in a drunken stupor at 8:30
Bill: Drunken stupor is a little harsh.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I jk
Bill: Not far from the mark.
Bill: I’m still a little woozy tho, and I got on the ferry.
Bill: That. May not have been smart.
Aldus Larian (Jess): That Sunday night drinkin'll getcha
Bill: I blame Kurtis. =T
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I didn't drink at all this weekend 😦
Bill: Yeaaaah you did?
Bill: You said you got a drink at round one.
Bill: The ferry has been the shittier kind with a smaller upper deck the last week or so and I’m sad.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh yeah that's right
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I had an alcohol and a half
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but nothing yesterday
Tikur (Kurtis): <@184437198865563648>  driving while still whoozy was a fuckin trip.
Bill: Don’t die.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Y'all are cray
Bill: I’m just fine. =T
Bill: Now for coffee and I can get my day started.
Bill: Cosplay shopping apparently.
Tikur (Kurtis): Oh yeah, luckily/unluckily the day is gonna be real slow so death won't come for me yet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): rooster teeth really needs to yeet their retired merch off their site
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > front page of the store: *RWBY Sketchbook Colelction*
> clicks
> 8 items
> all but 3 are retired
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): make that 2 because the Yang t-shirt is already sold out
Bill: I like my hair longer again so I guess me and Erik really have swapped hair styles.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _time to adult and make a dentist appointment myself_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh ok the dentist is closed today what
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): is today a holiday besides earth day?
Bill: Ibm has a flex day today because of Easter, I guess some companies give off Monday.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Dentists are close Monday alot of the time <@245270932602486784>
Aldus Larian (Jess): canada gets off i know
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _why_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Cuz they open on weekends
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And they are non essential
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh my dentist said theyre open 8-5 monday through friday on the answering machien
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): must be rollover from easter
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): might just be an extra day off after Easter
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do you ever just think about an injury you could possibly get and it makes you cringe but you can't stop thinking about it?
Bill: Yuuuup
N🆗ri (Marisa): 24/7
Bill: I hate rap. Used a different floors bathroom and the speakers are playing the doucheist rap music.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we just got one of these to cut some really heavy cable and I keep thinking about how easy it would be to cut your finger off
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I can't stop cringing
Aldus Larian (Jess): D:
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh damn
Bill: Both facebook and the app for it have told me to 'find my friends' and answer requests I've been ignoring.
Bill: *I have friends fuck off facebook*
Bill: Ah there's the exhaustion I should be feeling.
Andrew: But Facebook friends are official
Andrew: <@184437198865563648> so uh this is a thing
Andrew: https://littleakiba.com/product/19246
Bill: Can’t believe that game still exists.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I got this portable laptop desk thing
Andrew: It has 29 sets <@184437198865563648>
Andrew: And counting
Bill: Entirely so you could play minecraft in bed?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yes lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it has a mouse pad thing too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so less crampy hands
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but the stoppers that you put on the bottom don't fit lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Technology has come so far
Bill: My headphones kill my hair. It sad.
Tikur (Kurtis): F
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Just dropped 60 bucks on more guitar stuff
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): /dabs while crying
Bill: riiip
Glonk: Music is expensive
