Afina Tyndall (Georgia): After a day with children I窶冦 so socially starved
Aldus Larian (Jess): How old are the children
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 14-16
Nokri (Marisa): Aren窶冲 they darling
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The one little girl is like a mini Georgia
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She follows me like a duck and just sits down and reads
Nokri (Marisa): Can a person be allergic to another person
Not people in general but just one specific person
Nokri (Marisa): the answer is apparently yes, people can be allergic to a specific person's body fluids but not a handshake
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ew
Nokri (Marisa): what if one person hates another person, and the person they hate is allergic to them. so they like, spit at them and it hurts them. like something from an alien movie.
Nokri (Marisa): omg a woman can be allergic to their own unborn child and get skin blisters from it
Nokri (Marisa): i have learned many new things on this subject but they are gross so instead check out this stellated dodecahedron
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): one of my friends is allergic to water
Nokri (Marisa): oooo!! medical rarity!! there's supposedly less than 100 documented cases of that
Nokri (Marisa): poor peeps can't cry
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's not like, serious or anything, it just irritates his skin
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we ask "how do you shower?" and he says "quickly"
Nokri (Marisa): does he melt in the rain
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tom used to be alergic to his brother
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like they'd wrestle and he's break out from his sweat
Nokri (Marisa): that's crazy
was it always like that or did it develop over time
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think it developed? I'm not sure if it's still like that
Nokri (Marisa): time for a family reunion that involves wrestling
Nokri (Marisa): bring water guy i wanna know if sweat is included in his water allergy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I always thought it was interesting cuz they are full brothers. Idk maybe it was something his bro was eating at the time
El氣電e Faun (Tom): YES <@!301927856240459777>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): im allergic to my brothers sweat
Tikur (Kurtis): So my phone made a gif...
El氣電e Faun (Tom): beautiful
Glonk: he moves like a villager
Bill: I said powerpoint slide animation but villager ALSO valid.
Nokri (Marisa): oh my god the actor they chose to play butler in the artemis fowl movie is dead
Andrew: nooo
Nokri (Marisa): wait. no it's another actor from the movie. which is still really messed up.
Andrew: Either way thats bad.
Nokri (Marisa): wait. the artemis fowl server is all sorts of confusing and he might have nothing to do with the movie, i'm looking up the real story.
Andrew: Ok then
Nokri (Marisa): https://nypost.com/2019/06/25/body-pulled-from-east-river-amid-search-for-missing-youtube-star-etika/
Andrew: Ohhh my FB was getting blown up about him
Nokri (Marisa): jumped off the Manhattan bridge
Andrew: He was a smash streamer i believe, one of the Smash communities was following it for a while. Its horrible what happened.
Aldus Larian (Jess): omgggg 沽ｭ
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats so sad 沽ｭ
Nokri (Marisa): the suicide rate's been rising 2% a year in the US. what a country
Nokri (Marisa): youtuber culture is interesting
Nokri (Marisa): it can be very fleeting
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea its so high pressure
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeaaa I read about that too
El氣電e Faun (Tom): People thought it was a fake stunt
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!334090409389195266> more firefly tattoos from that thread
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm in love with the hot air balloon one
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I was going to get a hot air balloon tattoo a few months ago but had to cancel my appointment. Now I wanna reschedule
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I feel like I would have to go to Firefly several more years or have some kind of life-changing memory happen one year for it to be significant enough to get one, but these are so cool
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I like the first one because of how minimalist it is
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but the hot air balloon one is really cool. I love the fading of the trees in the background
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea that first one is super cool. I love the colors
Kaio Vermino (Lee): For these people it must be like a tradition to go to firefly ... I assume
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Cause that's kinda a big commitment to get a tattoo about the event xD
Kaio Vermino (Lee): They're really awesome though
Andrew: Rip me was ina  fender bender
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no! You ok?
Andrew: Yea, no injuries, just minor damage
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Awwwman..
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Did it go okay after?
Andrew: Yea so far, i reported it to my insurasnce im waiting for them to call me back
Glonk: Oof
Tikur (Kurtis): Wack my dude glad you okay though
Bill: oof
Bill: It'll be okay Andoru.
Nokri (Marisa): Was it a hit and run or did they stop?
Nokri (Marisa): yooooooo
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Wooooahh
Tikur (Kurtis): That's dooooooope
