Nokri (Marisa): why
Bill: Wait is that to you
Nokri (Marisa): Ya
Nokri (Marisa): ~~I hope I get paid for this~~
Bill: you better.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I had 2 glasses of wine at dinner and came home fell asleep <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Am old lady
Nokri (Marisa): enjoy your life sentence in jail
Bill: lol
Bill: nice piece.
Bill: It's got a bar rail on the other side though, so it'd be a bad fit where I wanna put the bar.
Nokri (Marisa): ~~fire emblem~~ magic academy maker
https://picrew.me/image_maker/22819
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): I had a dream that <@!351785752197201920> and I were doing some competition thing? and it involved picking teams. He was a team leader and he didn't pick me at all so i ended up getting picked last on some other team and i was really upset about it so i was like "why didn't you pick me to be on your team?" and he was like "because i actually want to win" and i was the big sad
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ouch
Aldus Larian (Jess): toms a jerk half the time in my dreams its terrible
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OMG 😂 NOOOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): you were so mean 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): and then every time i tried to talk to you you would ignore me and say "idk why this is such a big deal to you"
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao omgggg
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's awfullo
Bill: Built my headboard over my lunch break.
Bill: Almost, *almost* did it completely right.
Bill: The actual mounts to the bed don't line up correctly.
Bill: on one of four.
Bill: I gave up and don't care though.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): did you get a new bed?
Bill: Nah, just a headboard for the queen I got end of last year.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ah
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've been looking for a new frame and potentially headboard on Wayfair and I've been reading reviews because a few people have mentioned some of the frames don't line up with standard headboards/vice versa
Aldus Larian (Jess): I almost died y'all. A wasp just smakved me int he face and then crawled into my hair
Nokri (Marisa): it was good knowing you
El🆓de Faun (Tom): AHHHH
El🆓de Faun (Tom): NOOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): I swatted it twice to get it out an somehoelw didn't get stung
El🆓de Faun (Tom): What color?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yellow and black
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh yellow jacket? Shittt
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I saw a big bois butt today
Aldus Larian (Jess): NICE
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Nice butt
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *she saw the butt*
Bill: https://lifehacker.com/how-to-be-a-good-friend-to-someone-struggling-with-depr-1837621710 I saw the reddit post this is referring to the other day. Internet is such a small world.
Nokri (Marisa): like 90% of news outlets get stuff from reddit. buzzfeed and lifehacker are basically all reddit and tumblr
Nokri (Marisa): reddit's one of the biggest websites on the internet it's not really obscure
Nokri (Marisa): 19th most popular website on the entire internet this month <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Nokri (Marisa): omg is that you
Nokri (Marisa): bojo came in to the office between her jobs and was telling me about another worker my age who's going on long term medical leave for their depression and anxiety, she's like "what's up with you mid-20-somethings? what's going on with you young guys that you're so sad and anxious all the time?"
<:mood:543191222127296522>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:Shooketh_Honda_San:605590718026874901>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's just how it be
Aldus Larian (Jess): We were born in a financially tumoultous time plus every two years someone was screaming "the workds gonna end". We were told to go to college but now the markets over fled, so now most of us are in debt with no jobs or underpaid 🎉
Aldus Larian (Jess): And that's just the beginning!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Holy duck it’s raining BAD here
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think it’s coming off that tropical storm Puerto Rico is getting
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The thunder sounds like it’s just overhead
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And you can even hear a real sharp crack before the boom
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's the best thunder
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So my mom was running around for a bit because she couldn't find her keys and I was going to suggest getting a Tile (or maybe that would be a good Christmas gift?) And then I remembered it's a piece of technology that involves GPS so the government might be able to track them down 🙄
Bill: Uhhhh
Bill: I don’t think so. They work over Bluetooth primarily.
Bill: Yeah it’s all Bluetooth.
Bill: Any map locations it provides are via your phone.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Well yeah, but I figure with it being a locator, gps would be involved from the app
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Idk. Regardless, they'd probably think it was a Big Brother type gizmo
Bill: Oof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah the app uses GPS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~like just about any other app does~~
Bill: Yeah. You could disable gps permissions on the app and just use the Bluetooth connection to find stuff. Which is where I find them silly, they’re really short range.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 300 feet
Bill: I should do something. I started watching archer two hours ago and haven’t moved since.
Nokri (Marisa): keep working on otakon pictures more
or draw invader zim fan art
hmmmmmm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Uhhhhh
Nokri (Marisa): heck ye sign me up
Nokri (Marisa): not fishy at all
