Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://youtu.be/hLkU0cAJHO4
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Old, but still good
Bill: Oh wow, chili’s is popping two other girls walked in that not only are cute, but look of age!
Bill: This is weird!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Did the other girls look underage?
Bill: Nope.
Bill: Hella weird.
Bill: Usually when I see women around, it’s either really hard to tell if they’re in their 20s, with boyfriends, or with families.
Aldus Larian (Jess): So you're saying the other ones looked older than you or?
Bill: Nah they all looked our age. Which is what’s unusual, usually I can’t tell and immediately avoid on principle.
Bill: Ye like the girl one table over, kinda cute but could be between 18 and 23 as far as I can tell. So I just. Nope.
Bill: This was just weird, considering it’s the local chili’s I come to weekly and I never see... anyone, our age so. It’s just odd and interesting.
Bill: golly. For the first time since I started using a mood tracker from my watch (early July) I marked down *happy*.
Tikur (Kurtis): WOO!
Tikur (Kurtis): @everyone y'all wonderful beautiful talented people and I love you with all my heart ❤️
Bill: ~~wine drunk?~~
Tikur (Kurtis): Yes, I get hella mushy when wine drunk.  If any one of yous was here youd get hugs and cuddles
Bill: HELLA
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh big mood
Tikur (Kurtis): I also cry easily
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wine drunk is best drunk
Tikur (Kurtis): Hell yes it is
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wine drunk is pretty fucking sweet
Tikur (Kurtis): So quality plan, I'mma get some cheap wine glasses from Walmart so we be classy.  And I get wine.  And we have a ball in our capital
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): get some Barefoot. cheap and good 👍
Tikur (Kurtis): 👌👌 will also grab some strawberry wine if y'all like that
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aww hell ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): The Marriott usually has those like stemless glasses for water that just look like wine glasses
Tikur (Kurtis): Awwwwww yisssaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): *sudden urge for wine*
Tikur (Kurtis): Wine-ot? 😎
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok u convinced me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm already one glass of my moonshine in for the night
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is like wine on steroids
Aldus Larian (Jess): The old smooky?
Tikur (Kurtis): Oooh wack
Tikur (Kurtis): One day I'll have moonshine again just not this day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ye
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 40 prooooooooof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): blackberry lemonade that I got from Tennessee
Bill: 40 proof?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ye
Bill: That's weak for moonshine isn't it?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): one of their milder moonshines
Tikur (Kurtis): Oh my
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is why it's tolerable
Bill: kk. Just checking, I don't drink moonshine usually.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 128 was not a fun time lol
Bill: Yeee that's high.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): aptly named "blue fire"
Aldus Larian (Jess): *pours wine* 
*Drops wine*
But I caught the glass <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Some bourbons run that high and it's too much for my taste too.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Got wine all over tho
Andrew: I was gonna ask if you caguht the wine XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): About half
Aldus Larian (Jess): Bit too baf
Tikur (Kurtis): Das good! Better than none
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I took the Jack Daniels tour and when they distill the raw whiskey it's at 140 proof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they have to dilute with water to bring the proof down to a legal bottling percentage
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nice
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): all the water that goes into JD comes from a natural spring cave on the property
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so every Jack Daniels bottle sold comes from that distillery
Bill: There's a trend of selling unfiltered bourbon these days.
Bill: George T Stagg is 144 proof.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's a filtering process where it travels drop by drop through 10 feet of charcoal
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which that filtering process is what makes it a "Tennessee whiskey"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): not sure exactly what the laws are regarding allowable proof to bottle because 151 is a thing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): might be a tennessee law? because Ole Smokey mentioned that 128 was their highest proof to bottle legally
Bill: Possibly.
Aldus Larian (Jess): @uterus owners does anyone use super tampons? I have a whole box I won't use unopened
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my friend Joey got to see the Rolling Stones tonight
Tikur (Kurtis): That's dope
Tikur (Kurtis): Where at?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Philly I think
Andrew: oh yea my mom and brother went to that
Bill: Aww. Jake had a hard drive failure.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): remember yesterday when I said I saved a bunch of flies?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there were 5 flies in my office window and I killed them all
Bill: All of Casey’s posts on her Facebook account are public. I wonder if she posts more personal stuff there and has filters on who sees what (and I’m not one of the people who sees the personal)  or she just isn’t a Facebook person.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/027/257/perfectly-balanced-as-all-things-should-be.jpg
Bill: I've probably done enough work to fill my timesheet for today. Do some more this afternoon to cover the half day I'm working tomorrow... All set.
Bill: 😒
Bill: > me: I kinda wanna try bullet journaling
> me: I need a notebook for that
> me: *looks at half dozen notebooks with 20 pages written on*
> me: Guess I need a NEW notebook
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YALL WERE RIGHT ITS CUTE
Tikur (Kurtis): FREEEEEDOMMMMMMMMMMM
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woah there Falkes
Tikur (Kurtis): No
Tikur (Kurtis): Parliament must fall
