Bill: https://uncoveringpa.com/ should explore what's around you Erik. And if any of it happens to be good for a shoot well.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): looking at the list for Berks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Grings Mill and the surrounding area definitely good for nature shoots. The Red Bridge would be pretty cool too.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The arboretum at the museum is also good for some nature shots. One of the gardens is very popular for prom/wedding photos
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also a shit ton of Pokestops and gyms in that loop (that's where I go to walk around and grind for items)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Pagoda definitely always great for shooting
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): (the photography kind, not the gun kind <:pew:543202259085950996>)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~even though there's always the possibility of that in the city~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Penn Ave in West Reading (and the surrounding area) is a neat strip for like a Friday/Saturday night bar hop. A few different places to eat and drink
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also an escape room on that strip
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's also the laser tag place nearby as well 👀
Nokri (Marisa): georgia is it ok if i stay overnight for party and leave in morning? i don't require sleep i can stay up and do chores or somethin and make sure drunk people don't die if need be. i just wanted to ask if you were expecting a decent number of people to stay over because i didn't wanna be that one person hanging out past their welcome
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I think other people are too?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): people often sleep over at Georgia parties
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I plan on it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): People usually do yeah
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea, I probably am too
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Idk if we will be cuz we have stuff the next day but we'll be leaving late prob
Nokri (Marisa): w e w
Nokri (Marisa): thank
I didn't want to plan on staying all night and then at like 10pm everyone's like "whelp, great party! bye!" and i spend the rest of the night talking georgia's ear off about anime trends
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): people are usually too tired from how hydrated they get <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): SLEEP AT MAH HOUSE YE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Bring whatever sleeping materials you want
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And we have bagels for the morning! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://store.roosterteeth.com/collections/cosplay/products/rwby-weiss-schnee-cosplay-hoodie?variant=29314055143472
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://store.roosterteeth.com/products/rwby-blake-belladonna-cosplay-hoodie?variant=29314057044016
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://store.roosterteeth.com/products/rwby-qrow-branwen-cosplay-hoodie?variant=29314066186288
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://store.roosterteeth.com/collections/cosplay/products/rwby-nora-valkyrie-cosplay-bomber-jacket
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I honestly think the Weiss and the Qrow ones are the only hoodies that look kind of okay
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe RT wants my nora jacket decal pattern
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz uh... thats not what it looks like XD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what's wrong about it?
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres more like weathering to it in the show, or at least in nora's outfit refs? like the weathering pattern isnt so round like that
Aldus Larian (Jess): im nit pickin tho
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ah
Nokri (Marisa): so since our go-to fabric place is closing down and we somehow got 3 more sewing machines this week, our plan is
to stock up on as much unsold fabric as humanly possible (and other fabrics since he gives us a major discount) and try to start selling custom clothes. i'm gonna design some things and make advertisements we can put in the shop and hopefully people see it, are interested, and contact us. easy things like parade outfits, wedding gowns, tuxedos, princess dresses. gonna stray away from cosplay unless it's simple things like capes and uniforms.
i still have to make an itabag too and once that's figured out those can be sold as well. but. imma try making clothes for others and hope they don't despise it.

i'd submit an application to kotoricon's artist alley but i doubt we'd get everything up and running and have a decent anime con portfolio by the deadline. maybe next year <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): we just gotta get a serger set up eugh
Nokri (Marisa): one of the things we often do in the shop is added freebies. like, i sell my pikachu keychains individually but they're also free if someone buys a pokemon roll pillow. and one of the sample dresses was gonna be cake themed? <:thinku:543194478614413318> since a lot of the bows are themed after chocolates/sweets
so i was thinkin' of giving away random bows with themed dresses
but should i put them in the chocolate or the vanilla boxes? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: Chocolate look more distinct and pop better.
Bill: Just be careful you aren't spending too much time on free add ons.
Nokri (Marisa): but if people see they can get add-ons, they'll be more willing to go for the more expensive stuff ;u;
Bill: True.
Nokri (Marisa): like the pokemon pillows sold way quicker than the keychains did on their own
Bill: Was that cause it's a pillow versus a keychain, or because of the additional keychain?
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i was hoping no one brought that up~~
Bill: Nothing wrong with adding perk stuff, just don't end up spending all your time on the free gift stuff ~~that may or may not sell on it's own~~ over making something that does sell.
Bill: Also now you need to cosplay Recete.
Nokri (Marisa): o that's the thing, we sell the freebies separately
Nokri (Marisa): like all the bows that'd be free with the matching outfit would also be for sale individually, since they're already on sale now
Bill: but they keychains don't sell well on their own, so if you can make 10 keychains in a day, and you sell 2 of them for 2 bucks a piece, you make 4 dollars. If you make 2 pokemon pillows and sell them for 20, and sell one, you make 20 bucks. 

Now, if you make two pillows and two keychains and then you sell both pillows cause of the free keychain with them, that's the idea scenario, you make 40.
Nokri (Marisa): the keychains put in the shop did sell, just a lot slower. the keychains get done in bulk but i got them done years ago and never got around to doing more, it was like $80 for 50. the pillows also take a lot more time to make compared to an hour doodling for a ton of keychains
Nokri (Marisa): the keychains entice people to go for the pillow more than the pillow alone
Nokri (Marisa): ~~the price of the pillow also includes the keychain but they don't need to know that~~
Nokri (Marisa): but the keychain with the pillow would be a reduced price. I think they were like $5 apiece on their own, but they cost nearly $2 each to make, so with the pillow they'd just be like $3
Nokri (Marisa): it was a while ago i can't remember
Nokri (Marisa): chocolate boxes then?
Bill: Ye.
Bill: And you definitely get what I’m saying. Ignore me, you are financial wizard.
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Nokri (Marisa): Looks at all the red fabric we have
Pushes away desire to do formal adora for the cce formal
Tikur (Kurtis): What kinda red fabric we talking? 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo mawisa does anywhere local to you have one of those indoor flea markets?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah! That’s where our shop is <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> 
Red cotton, in varying hues 🌈 (red rainbow)
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOO ok! i thought your shop was at the fabric shop
Aldus Larian (Jess): OHH ITS TIME TO GO HOME YAY
Nokri (Marisa): Ooooooo the fabric shop is just where we sell sewing machines and do lessons!
Nokri (Marisa): H o m e
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Got a new case and a pop socket
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa neato
Nokri (Marisa): oh I love pop sockets, those pizza sandwiches you microwave
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmfao
