Bill: What a shitty day.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Agreed
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): update on bumble girl: we're actually having a decent conversation. she's been asking the questions mostly. She's a nurse and got got back from a shift and I was just like *oof*
Bill: Shirt may be a bit too small but god it’s nice having a proper shoulder width.
Bill: Be inquisitive but also don’t hesitate.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ayyyyy shirt looks good dude!
Bill: If you’re feeling “maybe some starbucks would be cool” just do it. Don’t wait for a sign, or for to know for sure she’ll reciprocate... a missed opportunity is far more painful than going into it straight, for better or for worse.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And I feel somewhat similar pain in the shirt sizing department. Because of my height shirts are often too short but good width or too baggy but good length 😛
Bill: Yeeee
Bill: It suck.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and if they fit good when I first get them, they often shrink in the dryer
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I'm just like fack
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so most of my newer shirts I hang dry
Bill: ^
Bill: *THANK you.* Jess and Georgia and them were like “after a few washes it won’t shrink” and NAH it does.
Bill: And I can’t get another yellow card concert t shirt you know?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow she's a total weeb
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh yeah like all my RT shirts I refuse to dry
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because they expense so don't want to ruin them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and my Firefly shirt from 2017
Bill: Run with it my guy. What’s the harm in a date?
Glonk: Go go go!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we'll see, we'll see....
Bill: Fear is the enemy!
Bill: Hesitation is the enemy!
Bill: Source me!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Wow, fucking ouch
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not sure if true, but ouch if it is
Bill: Oh god please no.
Bill: I’ll cry.
Bill: Like a little girl.
Bill: I can *hear* him saying “are you a boy or a girl”?
Bill: Moral real low in the office...
Bill: I must do something that keeps me from dealing with some bullshit but... Ibm driving everyone mad.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Dat good ol rain
Bill: This is actually nice rain tho.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so the Spotify playlist I'm currently listening to is "Hardstyle Bangers" and when I listen to it on my phone, it audio fades between tracks on beat so it's like a DJ is mixing them at a club
Bill: I like a consistent storm that’s just strong enough you can hear it. Not humid just rain.
Bill: I have a play list like that saved.
Bill: It’s called cross fade.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Eh rains my energy.
Bill: Some music players can do it with your music.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well more the darkness
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like rain at night, even after a hot day outside. Not while I have to be at work tho
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): right, crossfade that's what it's called. I know iTunes you can set it to do that. But Spotify does it for this playlist specifically automatically, but only on my phone
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so when I listen while driving it's like a mini rave in my car
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and it's usually able to do it on beat so it's not just like, generic cross fade
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it cool
Bill: Hmm. I wonder if Jazz Vibes plays different via web.
Bill: I've noticed the cross fading on mobile for sure, and I think desktop Spotify.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): maybe
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I checked and you can put a cross fade setting in Spotify, but I think only mobile and desktop. I don't see anything for web
Bill: Probably a web implementation limit.
Bill: Yeee rain less fun AT work.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Adult people! I’m preparing for this interview
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What other questions could they ask besides “what makes you more qualified” and “why do you want this job”
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Where do you see yourself in 5 years?

What are some skills you have that would be applicable for this job?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): How well do you handle conflict?
Bill: Rip. We might get NCR as a client and I made the fallout reference and no one got it.
Bill: Fuck national cash register, new California republic all the way.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol for me NCR means non-conformance report
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THANK LEE
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:pew:543202259085950996> <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Suns coming out.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sun's out guns out <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: 
Bill: You might call my response a.. weird flex.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ahhh 10 mins
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): phone interviews are wild ive never done one over the phone
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ive done mostly in person
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this guy had a SUPER thick indian accent too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): welcome to STEM careers
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you are decidedly not wrong
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ah, STEM careers
Bill: Snrk.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Bill: I know me gut is pretty obvious given it’s 1x as opposed to 2x (I’m hard core between sizes) but I think... I prefer this to having a shirt that’s large and kinda poncho like cause of the shoulder width? I’m already pretty reserved with my movements so I don’t think I’m going to end up with the shirt riding over my gut all day...
Bill: I finally did amazon smile setup.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah I think it look good
Bill: Thank!
Bill: ~~time to donate everything I own~~ nah but I wish.
Bill: For the first time in my two years here I left the office and took the subway with coworkers. Pretty fun actually.
Bill: Also gave Jing a mini lecture in project management / douchey boss manipulation on the platform.
Bill: Also the entire office is still pretty fucking bitter about finding out ibmers are getting paid 130k.
Aldus Larian (Jess): That number is like out of the scope of my  understanding
Bill: Mine too don’t worry.
Glonk: Can I has some monee ple-ah-zee
Bill: Same. ~~you need that kinda salary to live on your own around here like fuck~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): God I wish that were me
Nokri (Marisa): oh. someone responded to an ad i posted over a year and a half ago looking for students for school before i got any teaching jobs. they want to learn english. i can teach them but it'd be through text and i don't know if they'd like that. oh no.
Nokri (Marisa): i don't know what to do with myself <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Love yourself
Nokri (Marisa): but i can't do that
Nokri (Marisa): rowan is deleting our rowan e-mails in a year. boo.
Bill: It’s BULLSHIT right?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah we should get a refund
Andrew: wait wut
Nokri (Marisa): what
El🆓de Faun (Tom): HOW DARE
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Con artists obviously
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Con artist's alley
