Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Haley (Starry) posting cute cosplay selfies in her story got me swooning
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea she touru! (Sp?)
Nokri (Marisa): i just thought of something
museums in 100 years from now probably won't have too many items from famous people
like today we have "the shoes of the king" or "the pillow the queen slept on" of people from 500 years ago, but stuff today is kind of mass-produced junk. maybe we'll have one or two of the queen's dresses/shoes since they're custom made but are they gonna be displaying one of obama's suits or bill gate's car keys?

we might have stuff they created themselves like the first windows computer or a handwritten speech but mundane items that were so expensive and important in the past are trash now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *this is half a blunt that was smoked by Snoop Dog*
Nokri (Marisa): New bow supplies came just in time <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: I just get something done tonight but we didn't go out to dinner and I had a glass of wine for dinner and I'm kinda just.
Bill: Done.
Bill: I hate to waste a friday night but.
Andrew: ive been sitting here for a few hours wwith you guys instead of working on my costume again
Andrew: although i did put in 2 job apps
Bill: welcome to every day in Aurii.
Andrew: i want to playa  game but like
Andrew: i dont want to play anything i can think of
Bill: God mood.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sakimis decline inspired me to draw
Bill: I should do that.
Andrew: Bill we could do SAO again XD
Bill: lol I don't have the attention span to think let alone play that.
Andrew: im gonna work a bit
Andrew: i can chat if anyones up for voice party
Nokri (Marisa): Download bang dream
Andrew: no thanks
Andrew: although i do like a few bang dream songs/groups
Nokri (Marisa): I exclusively play covers haha oops
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve never gone one of the bang dream songs
Bill: Oh yeah.
Bill: Unrelated.
Bill: I'mma get switch animal crossing and I'll be your buddy.
Nokri (Marisa): WOOO
Nokri (Marisa): I’ll trade my town fruit for yours if they’re different. I’m hoping for peaches, cherries, or apples and lemons on the island
Bill: I'm hoping the special guests actually come to my town cause on the DS one they never visited.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So one of my friends works at a prison and she was just telling us how someone asked if they could pay someone's bail with Apple Pay and I lost my shit
Andrew: XD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm also drunk so it made it even funnier
Andrew: lucky
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): She just told another story
Nokri (Marisa): I hear some prisons do take emoney
The special guests in the DS game usually come once a week :0
Bill: It a good party?
Nokri (Marisa): The police men could tell you if someone is in town
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sometimes bail was $50k and his gf called up and was like "ok I'll be there"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Rolls in and pays $50k *in cash*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not all 100s eithet
Nokri (Marisa): Drug dealing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Girl was a porn star
Bill: Lol
Nokri (Marisa): Or that. Stripper was my second guess
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Took my friend 3 hours (working overtime) to count and verify all the money
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn
Nokri (Marisa): What did the guy do to get 50k bail?
Nokri (Marisa): Did he say
Nokri (Marisa): I found life <:woah:543194447345876998> the board game aww yiss
Andrew: lets play
Bill: That would require the two of you to actually hang out. <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): can bring it to the party
Nokri (Marisa): This new toothpaste really burns. That means it’s working right
Andrew: owww
Andrew: i burned my finger using hot glue
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mood
Andrew: itsz the tip of m,y pointer finger so typing hurts
Nokri (Marisa): 
Andrew: appropriate
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I feel that in my bones
Bill: I got up early and was rewarded with foxesssss
Nokri (Marisa): Join them
Bill: They gone now.
Bill: I wasn’t able to get the kits playing together on camera but they were The CUTEST thing.
Bill: They were behind the fence. I eventually tried moving to the back deck to get a view but by then they were pretty much scattered.
Bill: I need a quick nap now tho.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Why would you voluntarily wake up early damn
Bill: Because... the foxes.... are cute... and it’s a rare chance to photograph them.
Bill: This is why holy SHIT beautiful animals.
Bill: That's not with exposure correction either cause had to way undershoot to get the shots with the 600mm beast lens.
Bill: But there's QUALITY in here. 💛
Nokri (Marisa): HIS LEGS
Bill: It SO nice out, we should have planned a fire or going to the beach.
Nokri (Marisa): That’s arson
Tikur (Kurtis): What about a beach fire
Nokri (Marisa): Bearson
Bill: Place is laser tag summer camp.
Bill: Hahaha rip cause of all the drops we’re paying 35 a person.
Bill: They’ll give us vouchers for the last 3 though.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Things learned: BNE is not a laser tag crowd by any means
Bill: Oh it’s 30 I miscounted who came.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which is odd because it’s p fun
Bill: I mean technically. 13 replied to the final headcount before I put down the deposit. 3 of the 5 missing are from here. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Missing?
Bill: You Tom and Jess didn’t make it.
Bill: Also Jaime and Heather.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): O ya I mean I said I was dubious from the get go
Bill: Though we’ve heard NOTHING from Rebecca and Monica today.
Bill: So.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah didn’t Georgia, Tom, and Jess say they were a maybe with Tom and Jess leaning towards unable?
Nokri (Marisa): They also didn’t respond to the rally
Bill: Just going from the mark on the post when I put down the deposit.
Bill: Anyway it is what it is.
Nokri (Marisa): When does it start? Two?
I think you’re just waiting on Rebecca
Bill: Already talked about doing the planning so early and issues with it.
Bill: The poll at the end of January.
Nokri (Marisa): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah I don’t think laser tag is everyone’s crowd
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s why stuff like chestnut hill still went off really successfully
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Not to mention we have more lurkers than ever in BNE
Bill: Is whatever. I don’t care to BNE size for awhile.
Bill: This is pretty legit even if we SUCK
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the lady that sent me a paper to study warned me that it was a long read
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the seconds are cumulatively only 18 pages
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): a lot of which are pictures
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): physics majors must really have no patience for reading damn
Bill: That got pretty awesome as we spread to the other fields. If I could get a group of thirty I’d do this again.
Bill: More legit feeling that laser one.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The nice little British lady that works here just looked at my physics paper and audibly went “what the fuck”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Nokri (Marisa): Why? :0 because it says hadrons should be discussed using their components rather than the whole and then goes on to not do that?
Nokri (Marisa): are British physics spelled differently omg
Nokri (Marisa): Was Mother’s Day really just last week? Feels like I’ve been inside much longer
