デイブ: How does one share a story on their story for insta?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): As long as your tagged in it it should come up in you DMs from that person and a "share this to your story" link will be with it. ~~jnkess your like tome and never got the feature~~
デイブ: Gotcha, thx
Bill: The end of bumblebee is SUCH a mood.
Bill: Girl lead and guy lead are looking at the sunset like “what an adventure” and they show their hands and he reaches for hers. 

She jolts her hand back “Oh we’re not there yet”

MOVIE ENDS
デイブ: Does bumblebee speak though
Bill: Ye.
Bill: All three of us fucking DIED.
Bill: The SAVAGE shut down.
Bill: I feel so hard.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): One hour lunch break during the 8 hour exam. Everyone is dying.
Bill: go pro is doing a 'few minute' update for 20 minutes.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): My test is finished. Everyone’s saying goodbye to me and wishing me a nice life and saying they’re glad they met me. I’m sad to lose all my new friends.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 😭 I'm sorry
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): But I still have you guys!
Bill: You can always stay in touch!
Bill: This gopro works rather slowly and I assume it's cause I'm using a micro sd card from 4 years ago.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): One person straight up told me they wouldn’t stay in touch because Americans suck <:lenny:395307171539189760> 
What GoPro do you have? :0 mine doesn’t update at all
Bill: hero 7 black.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Oo it has a screen
Bill: ye.
Bill: It was on sale and I have no self control.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I honestly can’t tell if the question sticker on insta is broken for me or if no one ever asks questions. I’m leaning towards the second option but people say they’ve asked questions before when I never got them? I’ve uninstalled and reinstalled the app and google doesn’t come up with anything
Bill: Instagram does glitch alot...
Bill: But I can't help you cause I don't get anything either.
Bill: I know it's just cause no one cares tho.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I sent you two questions on your most recent because I messed up the first. Did you get those?
Bill: ye.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I get my own test responses just fine
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Horse shampoo
Bill: nannnniiiiiii
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Just thinking about horse shampoo
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): People use it too
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Dog shampoo though. People don’t really use that. Maybe it’s a “hair only on the head” thing.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yes we use it but only the horse detangler
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Tangled horses
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It’s messing me up that horses and humans have such similar hair. Do any other animals have hair only on their heads. Freaky.
Bill: this is called a hooded sweatshirt, but there isn't a hood there is there?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Lions have manes toooo
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): You gotta shampoo the hoodie
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The hood is there? On the neck?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Lions
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 🤔
Bill: looks more like a weird high collar thing.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yeah hard to say without a back picture
デイブ: Probably just a small hood
Bill: I'm watching psych way more than I'm writing up Sherwood.
Bill: rip.
