Noctis (CORN BITCH): Noctis blindly followed behind the team leader trying not to get too lost in his own thoughts. Given how rough he had it with his exams, the healer of the team desperately wanted to sleep but quality time with your teammates was more important in his opinion. Plus someone had to be here to bail them out of trouble with that in mind his eyes drift to look behind him at Percy. Who knows if he is going to bother to behave while they are here. 

"Can we not cause trouble? I'd rather not deal with cleanup," Noct says cutting into Sher and Percy's conversation. 

An exclusive shop? If they really wanted to get in Noct could help them but then have to explain how he did that. Yeah lets skip that and make them suffer.
Argent (el Cap): Argent gave a heavy pat on Noctis' back with a quick flash of a smirk. Argent had always been a large boy - heavy-handed and heavy, full stop; so it was no great surprise when said pat caused an obnoxious slapping noise. Argent moved his hand from Noctis' back and gave the collapsed version of his great hammer a slight slap, saying, "Listen, 'danger' is ASPN's middle name. We always get outta this sort of thing *just* fine, so relax."

"Plus," He said with a laugh, "We're just going shopping. There's not much danger in that, tough guy culture or nay."
Persimmon (Floob): "Suit yourselves. I'll get you in, just remember: If anyone asks, you're NOT a cop." Percy jokes. He quickens his pace, trying to take up the head of the group so he can lead the way.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Noctis winces feeling Argents heavy hand land on his shoulder. "Don't remind me." He says feeling defeated. At Percy's request he rolls his eyes. "You mean. Tell them you are a cop Percy."
Dizzy: With Percy in the lead they seem to get there in half the time, possibly owing to back alley shortcuts. Fittingly for the supposed illicit weapon shop, it was non descript on the outside. It only has a simple sign on the wall, no glass windows with merchandise in them facing the street. “Valean Armaments” is the name, written in red letters next to the unassuming brown door.
Sherwood (Will): !ghost With Percy in the lead they seem to get there in half the time, possibly owing to back alley shortcuts. Fittingly for the supposed illicit weapon shop, it was non descript on the outside. It only has a simple sign on the wall, no glass windows with merchandise in them facing the street. “Valean Armaments” is the name, written in red letters next to the unassuming brown door.
Persimmon (Floob): "Sorry if you were expecting some flashy store on main street." Percy casually remarks as he calmly opens the door. "Places like this don't need to advertise, and would get away with a lot less if they did. The right customers will find it anyway."

After walking in, Persimmon pulls down his hood and strides over to the counter. The gruff man working there is counting bills until Percy knocks on the steel countertop, promting him to look up and smile. Hushed words are exchanged between them for a moment before Percy turns to his team with a thumbs-up.
Sherwood (Will): Sherwood follows his partner into the room, ignoring the wisecrack as the Faunus entered. Sherwood walks slowly towards the center of the room, admiring the occasional rifle and loadout mounted on the shelves. While not a gun man himself, Sherwood could tell it was a quality shop. 

At Percy’s thumbs up, Sherwood steps up and offers a hand to the man. “Afternoon sir. Persimmon speaks highly of you. I’d like to make a rather odd request, if that’s alright.”
Dizzy: The weaponsmith gives Persimmon a side ways glare, something reminiscent of the phrase “is he serious” before looking back to Sherwood. He looks down at the outstretched hand and makes an obvious motion of adjusting his own hands leaning against the countertop to show he would not be returning the handshake. 

“I’m sure anything the scamp has said about me is less than high praise, but I’ll take it none the less.” He says, his voice surprisingly scratchy for his large size and frame. He then waits for a half second before saying “I don’t have all day.”
Sherwood (Will): !ghost The weaponsmith gives Persimmon a side ways glare, something reminiscent of the phrase “is he serious” before looking back to Sherwood. He looks down at the outstretched hand and makes an obvious motion of adjusting his own hands leaning against the countertop to show he would not be returning the handshake. 

“I’m sure anything the scamp has said about me is less than high praise, but I’ll take it none the less.” He says, his voice surprisingly scratchy for his large size and frame. He then waits for a half second before saying “I don’t have all day.”
Sherwood (Will): Sherwood slowly lowers his hand, taking in the man. His Father and even the Old Man told him a handshake is the sign of an ally, and the man who refuses one can’t be trusted. Still, his partner vouched for the shop and it’s not like asking would be any harm.

“I have a bow, electromagnetic dust induction creates the string tension. It ah. Fires solid iron arrows. I was looking around for anyone who could potentially tune, or replace parts beyond myself, and as a long range specialist I figured it might be within your talents.” Sherwood says, having put his hand down to rest on his hip pouch.
Dizzy: The man... at least intrigued, from the look on his face. Persimmon could spot it a mile away but it was even obvious the rest of ASPN. “I... can’t say I can even imagine a weapon like that. Definitely huntsman. You have it?”
Sherwood (Will): !ghost The man... at least intrigued, from the look on his face. Persimmon could spot it a mile away but it was even obvious the rest of ASPN. “I... can’t say I can even imagine a weapon like that. Definitely huntsman. You have it?”
Sherwood (Will): “Aye.” Sherwood says, removing Tristram from its mount on his back. He extends the limbs and arms the weapon, placing it on the counter gentle. His hand hovers over the riser as the man observes and examines the weapon. “Legacy Huntsman craft. It’s about 53 years old now, so I’m told. An inheritance.” Sherwood explains.
Persimmon (Floob): The gruff man squints and leans over the object. "Quite the curio, innit? You'd fetch a high price at market, I'd wager. Care for an appraisal?"

"Not a chance, chief." Percy interjects. "The bow's not for sale." He gives the shopkeeper a glare to keep him at bay, while also trying to assert himself so Sherwood doesn't say anything.

"Then maybe you'd fancy a tune-up? Something to bring an old antique into the modern era?" The shopkeeper, unfazed, puts his hand over the bow, but Persimmon puts his hand in the way to stop him.

"Sorry, but my friend here isn't ready to commit to that."

The man returns Percy's glare but withdraws his hand. "Alright then, but do come back. I'm not finished with that beauty yet."
Sherwood (Will): Sherwood looks over Percy as he speaks for him, a slightly frown on his face. The archer remembers just whose territory he’s in right now after a moment, and his frown relaxes, trusting his partner’s decision. But. Sherwood can’t quite himself one comment as he restores the bow to his back. 

“You’d be mistaken to think Tristram doesn’t perform better than the weapons made even yesterday sir. It kept its owner alive so long because it’s in a class of its own.” Sherwood says, pride in his voice.
Persimmon (Floob): "You haven't seen the half of it at your age, lad!" The shopkeeper laughs. "Care to wager that toy against one of mine?"

Percy urgently nudges Sherwood for his attention and shakes his head. _Don't even think about it, partner,_ he thinks as if trying to communicate telepathically.
