Dizzy: Trained combatant as he is, the thug sees through Sherwood's feint and deflects the jab. Keeping things simple, he tries to take advantage of the opening he created by blocking to punch Sherwood with his other fist, twisting his whole body into the blow.

And the same time, the other thug fighting Sherwood tries to come up behind him, only to be beaned in the back of the head by a well placed shot from Persimmon. The man collapses to the ground, completely unconscious. 

The last remaining thug hops back from Argent, catching his ally go down out of the corner of his eye. Following the bullet trail to Persimmon and Gwyn, he decides to make a powerful leap up to the retracted ladder, hoping to close the distance with sheer power.
Sherwood (Will): !ghost Trained combatant as he is, the thug sees through Sherwood's feint and deflects the jab. Keeping things simple, he tries to take advantage of the opening he created by blocking to punch Sherwood with his other fist, twisting his whole body into the blow.

And the same time, the other thug fighting Sherwood tries to come up behind him, only to be beaned in the back of the head by a well placed shot from Persimmon. The man collapses to the ground, completely unconscious. 

The last remaining thug hops back from Argent, catching his ally go down out of the corner of his eye. Following the bullet trail to Persimmon and Gwyn, he decides to make a powerful leap up to the retracted ladder, hoping to close the distance with sheer power.
Sherwood (Will): Sherwood's eyes go wide as the fist flies towards his face. It was stupid of him to try and be sneaky about his attack, and now he's getting punished for it. Desperate, Sherwood leans into the thug, trying to make a haphazard tackle into a dodge by shoving the man enough his aim is off. Even a graze from a swing like that will hurt so the best he can hope for his shoving him hard enough to knock him off guard.

Thankfully, his plan was able to reduce the attack only to a grazing shot. Still, the back of his skill pounds from the force of the impact. For a weaponless punch, that was nasty. Already in close, Sherwood figures it's better  to stay in tight where fists have less room to fly. Sherwood quickly headbutts the man, hoping to stun him for at least a moment so Sherwood can put some distance between them.
Persimmon (Floob): Seeing the enemy climbing up the ladder before him, Percy makes a snap decision. He dives to the other side of the fire escape and grabs Gwyn's shoulder from behind, using her as a human shield. He then quickly fires from the hip with his other hand, hoping to hit the thug as soon as he reaches the top of the ladder.

(Quick attack)
