Dizzy: Vale city is a busy place on any given day, let alone a beautiful Fall Saturday like today. The trees planted here and there about the city are still green, sun shining down through their leaves and making them almost glow. Team ASPN is particular is working their way from the airship terminal to the main market, visiting the team as a change of pace after finishing a rough week of exams up at Beacon.
Sherwood (Will): !ghost Vale city is a busy place on any given day, let alone a beautiful Fall Saturday like today. The trees planted here and there about the city are still green, sun shining down through their leaves and making them almost glow. Team ASPN is particular is working their way from the airship terminal to the main market, visiting the team as a change of pace after finishing a rough week of exams up at Beacon.
Sherwood (Will): As they turn yet another nondescript corner with a different Schneebucks residing on it, Sherwood slows and looks over his shoulder. He had stepped too many steps ahead and ended up in the front of the group. A year's experience in Vale had taught him well that if he led the way, they'd make it to the market around sundown. 

"I want to actually see this shop you were telling me about Percy, so don't let me lead." Sherwood says, falling back to lead his team lead through the streets.
Persimmon (Floob): Persimmon, with his keen eyes, had been loosely following the group while checking out different buildings and signs, never losing track of his teammates in the process. He would insist that the only reason he doesn't steal anything here is because he promised the team he would behave, not because it would be a challenge. 

"Eh? Not sure you're ready for that, Sher. Ya gotta know the culture. Very exclusive place, tough guy stuff and all that." He waives the explanation, being obnoxiously vague in the way he talks.
Sherwood (Will): "hmm... I'd reckon I can handle a tough guy crowd fine, given..." Sherwood says, tapping at his Beacon scroll in his pocket. "But if it's that exclusive a shop for them high powered rifles, I suppose I wouldn't fit in." He says with a sigh.

"If anyone in the city can give me design input on Tristram I'd have guessed it'd be rifle specialists."
