Sherwood (Will): Continuing to slow so he’s in earshot of all three team mates, Sherwood nods slowly. 

“That girl does seem to be trying to tail us. “ Sherwood says. “I... find it hard to take her as a threat, but I’m terribly curious as to why she is...” he continues, zoning out a bit as he processes his own thoughts.
Dizzy: *(Compel for <@!192124883059081217> :
Because Persimmon has `”’smooth talking ladies’ man”`, he should hit on her for information.)*
Sherwood (Will): !ghost *(Compel for <@!192124883059081217> :
Because Persimmon has `”’smooth talking ladies’ man”`, he should hit on her for information.)*
Persimmon (Floob): (Compel accepted)
"Probably one of us caught her eye. Probably can guess who." Persimmon winks to his partner before 'casually' approaching the girl.

"What's a sweet young thing like yourself doing all alone on the streets, hmm? Waiting for your boyfriend?" Percy asks in a sympathetic voice that is very much unlike him, but that ASPN has heard plenty of times before.
Dizzy: The girl is blonde with a short haircut, showing the back of her neck and with bangs teasing over on eye. She has a smattering of freckles across her nose and green eyes. She’s got a small frame, which Persimmon and then the rest of the team quickly realizes isn’t her body type but her age. She can quickly be eyeballed as around 14 or 15. Her baggy white sweatshirt helped to hide her figure, and skinny jeans are in with everyone these days. 

Her arms wrap around her chest defensively and she sputters at Persimmon’s flirting. “I’m *fourteen* you freak!” she nearly shouts, only not loud enough for half the street because she’s too caught up on the words. She hops back, glaring at Persimmon with confusion and even more discomfort.
Sherwood (Will): !ghost The girl is blonde with a short haircut, showing the back of her neck and with bangs teasing over on eye. She has a smattering of freckles across her nose and green eyes. She’s got a small frame, which Persimmon and then the rest of the team quickly realizes isn’t her body type but her age. She can quickly be eyeballed as around 14 or 15. Her baggy white sweatshirt helped to hide her figure, and skinny jeans are in with everyone these days. 

Her arms wrap around her chest defensively and she sputters at Persimmon’s flirting. “I’m *fourteen* you freak!” she nearly shouts, only not loud enough for half the street because she’s too caught up on the words. She hops back, glaring at Persimmon with confusion and even more discomfort.
Sherwood (Will): Sherwood sees the girl get immediately defensive at Persimmon’s advance and starts towards her with a resigned sigh. It’s not the first time Percy got himself slapped.

Getting closer he comes to the same realization Persimmon is, that she’s far younger than any of them thought. He catches the tail end of her exclamation, and Sherwood hurries his pace a bit to hopefully keep his partner of out jail.

For this crime, anyway.
