Sherwood (Will): “Um, Miss...” Sherwood says in a placating voice, giving her the satisfaction of seeing one of them squirm a bit. “Why would I especially know?”
Dizzy: She turns to Sherwood, looking him over. “Well, you’re the guy who stole my grandfather’s bow.” She says matter o factly.
Sherwood (Will): !ghost She turns to Sherwood, looking him over. “Well, you’re the guy who stole my grandfather’s bow.” She says matter o factly.
Sherwood (Will): Sherwood stands straight up, squaring his shoulders. “Oswald bequeathed the bow to me... And as it’s only owner I think Oswald can do whatever he wants with it.” Sherwood says, a little more defensively than he’d later admit. “You’re... Oswald’s granddaughter? Gwyn?” Sherwood continues, curiosity seeping into his voice.
Dizzy: If the girl didn’t take notice at Sherwood’s use of his mentors first name (a name he habitually brings up daily, to the annoyance of his classmates) she did at her own name. “So you do know my grandfather, like you said.” Gwyn says, a critical eye seeing Sherwood for the first time. 

“His legacy needs to preserved, not broken in the field under the paw of the Grimm that kills you” Gwyn says, as if parroting another voice. “Grandfather won’t even tell Father where he is, this is the only thing that we can do for him. Can’t you you just... turn it over?” Gwyn asks.
Sherwood (Will): !ghost If the girl didn’t take notice at Sherwood’s use of his mentors first name (a name he habitually brings up daily, to the annoyance of his classmates) she did at her own name. “So you do know my grandfather, like you said.” Gwyn says, a critical eye seeing Sherwood for the first time. 

“His legacy needs to preserved, not broken in the field under the paw of the Grimm that kills you” Gwyn says, as if parroting another voice. “Grandfather won’t even tell Father where he is, this is the only thing that we can do for him. Can’t you you just... turn it over?” Gwyn asks.
Sherwood (Will): “...” Sherwood shifts on his feet, suddenly interested in his boot laces. “I’m sorry. Oswald told me I should never hand over Tristram. ...No matter who asked. “ Sherwood says. He hesitates, not sure how much to say. Oswald told Sherwood his son would come after the bow not long after Sherwood joined beacon, but certainly not his granddaughter. Nor did Sherwood want to repeat why exactly Oswald told him not to hand it over, because those words weren’t fit for any girl of Gwyn’s age let alone words aimed at her own father.
Dizzy: While Sherwood gets more engrossed talking to the girl Gwyn, Noctis, Argent, and Persimmon can all feel the twinge of instinct they’re developing at Beacon. Quite a few people stopped moving the same time they did, and have been watching the confrontation closely, but not closely enough. To second year beacon students, it looks like they’re tailing someone in the group of 5. There has to be half a dozen people acting this way, and that’s just from where the team stands in the street.
Sherwood (Will): !ghost While Sherwood gets more engrossed talking to the girl Gwyn, Noctis, Argent, and Persimmon can all feel the twinge of instinct they’re developing at Beacon. Quite a few people stopped moving the same time they did, and have been watching the confrontation closely, but not closely enough. To second year beacon students, it looks like they’re tailing someone in the group of 5. There has to be half a dozen people acting this way, and that’s just from where the team stands in the street.
