Dizzy: The lightning jolts from Sherwood's hand almost anti climactically, arcing right for the arrow in the thug's leg and electrocuting him. To make matters worse for the guy, the dull puff of Persimmon's sniper rifle goes off, a bullet ramming into him and knocking him flat to the ground. The current stops from Sherwood's palm and the man is clearly unconscious.

The last remaining thug is 100% sure of his plan to escape now, but not without something that can use for collateral. He throws Gwyn over his shoulder and makes an acrobatic leap from the fire escape, using the height of the escape to clear the rubble Argent scattered about to block the alley. "If you want this girl, bring the bow the 59th and Blackwell!" He yells as he high tails it as fast as he possible can out the alley. 

*(ooc: End of Combat, ~~Sherwood's~~ Stress and lv2 consequence healed)*
Sherwood (Will): !ghost The lightning jolts from Sherwood's hand almost anti climactically, arcing right for the arrow in the thug's leg and electrocuting him. To make matters worse for the guy, the dull puff of Persimmon's sniper rifle goes off, a bullet ramming into him and knocking him flat to the ground. The current stops from Sherwood's palm and the man is clearly unconscious.

The last remaining thug is 100% sure of his plan to escape now, but not without something that can use for collateral. He throws Gwyn over his shoulder and makes an acrobatic leap from the fire escape, using the height of the escape to clear the rubble Argent scattered about to block the alley. "If you want this girl, bring the bow the 59th and Blackwell!" He yells as he high tails it as fast as he possible can out the alley. 

*(ooc: End of Combat, ~~Sherwood's~~ Stress and lv2 consequence healed)*
Sherwood (Will): Sherwood's eyes widen and he attempts to scramble from his kneeling position towards the fleeing thug, only to stumble again and fall to his side. He grimaces, knowing there's no way he could catch up like this, and pulls himself up against the alley wall. He leans back to look at the fire escape as he lets his aura restore his body's strength.

"This isn't good." Sherwood groans. "Them grabbing her is... definitely our fault."
Persimmon (Floob): Percy hops down and clears his throat. "No, us getting attacked is definitely _her_ fault. We don't need to be heroes, Sher." That being said, Percy would probably go along with whatever their leader said. After all, the girl seemed well-off and they could always _spin_ a tale of heroism for a sweet reward.
Argent (el Cap): "You know I don't wanna side with tall, skinny and foxy, here, but Sher..." Argent sighed, surverying the damage around and putting away Silber Brecher. "Sher. This isn't our fault. We put up a fight. We will beat them later. They're just thugs. We're huntsmen! Albeit in training, but still."
