No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): **Part 17** 🦁 

More creatures could be heard approaching through the grass and leaves rustling, though one would be hard-pressed to spot their thin bodies weaving through the air. "Let's *go*!" Amelia called desperately. Judas started fumbling for something in his pocket, oblivious to his impending mutilation and Amelia's panicked calls of "Judassss!!!"

He pulled a small pipe-like object from his back pocket and blowed with all the air in his lungs, almost propelling himself into the river rapids. Luckily one of the beasts was rising from the water behind him and kept him on the riverbank. Unluckily, it went for his shoulder and would have torn off a nice chunk had Judas' footing not been uneven and had he not wobbled two steps to the right. Another went for his neck but got a mouthful of sleeve when Judas instinctively covered his head, and the creature sunk its jagged teeth into his arm.

All within mere seconds, something came screaming and bounding out of the forest from behind Amelia. It jumped over her and went straight to Judas. It was the griffon, wings spread wide, feathers ruffled, and fur on edge in an intimidating manner. The creatures ignored the griffon, focusing instead on avenging their own by killing Judas.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): The griffon grabbed one in its beak and tossed it across the river, then did the same to a second by ripping it out of Judas's arm while he yelled in pain. There were too many now to toss all of them, so the griffon used its best judgement and just picked up Judas. It ran back into the forest, pausing for the briefest of moments to allow Amelia to grab its back. She hung on for dear life with shaky fingers, looking back to see if they were being pursued. They were not, and all around them was quiet again when they got back to their campsite.

Judas groaned as the griffon dropped him. Loose teeth were sticking out of his arm like porcupine quills and he was soaked in a mixture of blood and tar. He still had the corpse with him, bunched up in his fist like a valuable treasure. The griffon paced the edge of the campsite anxiously, guarding against any intruders. It was unharmed aside from a few lost feathers.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): TLDR: griffon saves the day, but at what cost?

🚙 : Leave the camp and travel through the night to get as far away as possible and seek medical help ASAP.
🏕 : Stay put for the night and attempt first aid with what you have, leave in the morning.
Bill: 🦁: play with Griffon as thanks
