No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): **Part 14** ❗ 
Of all her possessions, there was only one that made no sense. Amelia had forgotten it came with her. *It's so bulky. Why didn't I leave it with the Burches?*

"Ok. Ok I *think* I know what you mean. I'm going to go get it. Okay?"
She started backing away from the creature. Slowly, then slightly faster while still balancing the collected water. The creature followed her from a distance of several feet but stopped when they reached the treeline. Amelia continued on ahead. Throwing a glance over her shoulder, she couldn't see the creature any more, but didn't know whether that was due to distance or because it was facing forward.

She could hear the crackling of fire and malcontent grunts of the griffon before seeing the camp. The fire was bigger now and illuminated the surrounding trees with an eerie glow. Judas, who was petting the griffon, spun around. "See? Just our good friend Amelia. Nothing to get grumpy over," he told the griffon who got her feathers in a bunch upon hearing someone unknown approaching. "I was getting worried, you were gone for a while!"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "The river was hard to reach, I had to find a good spot to get the water." Amelia looked clammy but smiled pleasantly anyway. The shadows from the fire did well to mask her unease. "There's still just enough light, and I spilled some on my way back so I'm going down once more."

"What? No. This much is fine to last the night. You won't make it back before dark. Plus the food is just about done, eat before it goes cold."

"Just one more trip! I won't bring as many containers so I can make it back faster. Promise."
They went back and forth a bit, with Amelia getting more and more nervous that that *thing* would come to find them, and Judas getting suspicious that she was so insistent. Finally he relented on the condition that Amelia take his lighter with her. It was slightly rusted and well-worn, but trusty.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Amelia grabbed the container she had wrestled from the squirrels earlier and the last empty container. "That clay pot won't be very good for water," Judas said, but Amelia waved him off with the excuse that time was key and headed back towards the river. She nearly tripped several times in her hasty descent, but wanted to return quickly. The trees thinned out and she found herself back at the river, spinning in circles looking for the creature. 

It appeared, and she set the object in front of it. The creature almost glowed.
"It's broken. It's chipped. It's mine."

"It was like that when I fo-"

"Not your fault. I know." The creature wrapped around its sumet like a snake around an egg, becoming visible from all sides now. "I'll fix it." It sounded forlorn. 

Amelia stood still for a minute, as though expecting something to happen. "Ok. Well then..." She went to get the rest of the water. As she walked away, the creature did not stir. But she did hear, "you are a good child. Watch your skin."

Back at their temporary camp Judas was gearing up to sleep. "What happened to that pot you took?" he asked Amelia on her return.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): TLDR; creature accepts item. back to camp.

🐟 : Tell Judas about the creature and what happened.
➗ : Say you dropped it and the pot broke.
🐑 : Stay silent, change the topic and go to bed
