Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): **Part 2** 🏡
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): The house consisted of five rooms, of which Amelia was in the first. What normally served as the storefront was now mostly bare save for some chairs and a musty couch against the side wall, and a myriad of recently placed containers accumulating water on the ground. What remained of the store’s stock was in a sanitized metallic box beside the main entrance. Behind this front room lay the kitchen with its temperamental stove, and through this kitchen one could either exit out the back door of the house or pass through to the adjoining bed and bath. Luckily the bedroom was not leaking. The mainly unused attic overtop protected it from the worst of the elements.

The house had to be at least a century old, as most of the buildings in Pillwood were, and Amelia had done her best to keep it tidy since she moved in two years ago. The ground was always swept free of whatever debris people would track in, and the windowsills had an impressively minimal amount of mold running along them. But sweeping and wiping didn’t fix the growing number of holes. Had her uncle returned he would have the house fixed in a jiffy. He was quite handy and reliable, if mentally checked out for the last several months. The first time Amelia picked up a hammer she nearly hammered her hand flat, and was thus forbidden by her family to ever try that again.
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): On a sunnier day natural light would filter in through various holes and the foggy windows, but today’s dark clouds cast much of the interior in shadow. Seeing as the weather was unlikely to brighten up anytime soon, she determined the best thing to do now would be to batten down the hatches and brace for stormy impact. With several grunts, she moved the musty old couch from its place along the side wall to in front of the front door. The dust mites and moths that scattered out in every direction at the sudden displacement of their cushiony resting spot did not faze her. Hopeful that the door would not fling open when the wind came knocking, Amelia said a brief prayer and relocated to the kitchen with the box of remaining lamp oils. She had no more business to attend to in the front room.

A dining chair was then similarly propped under the handle of the back door, which softly whistled like a kettle as a draft blew through its cracks. A small fire crackled in the hearth oven just to keep the kitchen dry and toasty, while the bulky stove was inactive. Amelia paid no mind to the moths that now rested around the fringe of the bright fire and wiped a few leaves off the dining room table. The radio atop the table was silent aside from occasional static. The oncoming storm was interfering with any already faint signals it might pick up on, but the white noise was still comforting.
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): She determined that the bedroom would be the best place to hide until the storm was over, since it was the least likely place to get rained on. Amelia laid newspaper over the stove and cooking utensils to protect them and taped newsprint over the windows so there would be no hazard should the glass shatter. Then she went around gathering anything else of value to bring with her to the bedroom. A pouch of money, a lovely portrait of her aunt and mother together, a sack of bread crusts coated in honey, a jug of drinking water, some parchment, and a cool looking rock she picked up a while back because it looked neat. The radio remained in the kitchen where the only working electrical socket was. These items were piled on Amelia’s bed, while she was content to use her uncle’s much bigger bed since it wasn’t in current use. Inside the bedroom a knocking sound could be heard coming from above. It sounded as though something was moving around the attic.
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): 🙄  Investigate the attic
⏸   Stay put in the bedroom and wait out the storm
