No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): **Part 22** ⭕
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Out of bargaining chips and out of options, Amelia relented and agreed to grant Robin's favor. *I never claimed to be magic, nor did she specify what kind of favor she wants... If this backfires then it's on her.* A debt owed with the forest as its witness could not be broken without harsh repercussions, but Amelia did not promise anything more than a simple favor that was within her power to grant.

Robin's sour face instantly cheered up. She didn't try at all to hide her smile as she clapped Amelia's hand and shook it firmly. "It's a deal then! You owe me, I'll help ya." She sounded like a rich child on Christmas morning.

"Indeed I do, uh, Robin," Amelia replied as a tingle went down her spine. Might have just been the wind.

"Just follow me then, I'll get you where you need to go. And... this too, I guess." Robin shrugged at Judas who was floating in and out of awareness. With arms outstretched she walked back up to the griffon, cooing and chirping.

"Oh, she's a bit sensitive. Doesn't really like... strangers much..." Amelia was awestruck and envious when the griffon responded favorably to Robin and came to her with no hesitation. "How!?" she exclaimed. "She wouldn't listen to me at all! Not even a little!" Robin found that odd and shot Amelia an inquisitive look. *Oh, right. Spirits are good with animals. Whoops.* "...Maybe I was just being overly eager."
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): The gang set off at a slow trot with Robin leading the way. An hour later they arrived. A tall wall of weathered wooden pikes stood arranged in a circle, with parts of the wall appearing burnt and sloppily patched up. Tall weeds gave way to a well-worn dirt path at the entrance of this fortress, which spiraled so they could not see inside. "Don't worry, no one's in here," Robin reassured them.

"This isn't the city?" Amelia pointed out.

"You are in *no* condition to go to the city right now. Look at this poor dear!" Robin held up the griffon's reins and gave her beak another affectionate pat. "We'll go tomorrow." Amelia wanted to get there as soon as was possible, but realized she was so lethargic she didn't even have the energy to fight back, and so went along with the flow. Inside of the circular wall were ruins. A fire had blazed through here at some point. Large swathes of stained cloth, warped metal, and rotting wood were partially buried in the dirt. Only a few triangular lean-tos stood, pitched like tents on the remains of what were once permanent structures.

"Make yourself at home." Robin showed Amelia inside one such lean-to before taking Judas and the griffon to another. "Where are you taking them?" she asked worriedly.

"The guy can stay here. I don't want him near me. I'll patch him up just so he doesn't die overnight." The tent Robin took him had a leak in the ceiling and a puddle on the ground. There were also some medical supplies. Robin picked up a cleanly folded handkerchief that looked out-of-place in the run-down ruins. "Medicine is valuable, and honestly? I don't want to waste it on him."
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "That's not very fair. Judas is helping me a lot so I think th-oh, hey Judas!"

At the sound of his name, Judas's cognitive functions returned. "I feel like I just went on a mad binger," he said queasily. "And my arm is killing me." That didn't stop him from using his good hand to comb through his hair, pushing it back into a stylish do.

"Great. You're up." Robin didn't sound very pleased. "Less work for me, here. You can clean yourself." Under her breath she not-so-subtly added "scum."

Judas looked rightly offended, and looked at Amelia as if to say *you seein' this?* 
"This is Robin," Amelia explained, and caught Judas up to speed.  Meanwhile Robin coddled the griffon with clean water and fresh food, and warm bedding in the nicest corner of the yurt. 

---

Amelia stayed by Judas's side trying to ease his pain as much as she could with what little they had. Robin had sulked out but returned as the sun set with something to eat. Nuts and berries that were combined with some of the jerky they originally packed. Judas thanked her graciously, basically singing her praises while Robin ignored him and popped a squat next to Amelia.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): *TLDR; Robin takes everyone to her home base. She still hates Judas. He's back in action enough to converse again but not do much else. Now it's chill dinnertime.*

Feel free to pick as many as you want:
🌇 : Ask about where you currently are
🐦 : Ask about Robin
🤕 : Ask Judas how he's doing
🦁 : Ask about how to get along with the griffon
🌳 : Ask about the forest
🚶 : Go for a walk alone
❓ : Any other question (write below, this is basically free talk time. Specify if you are talking to Judas or Robin.)
Bill: Ask about the creatures
