No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): **Part 20** 🔵
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Options were slim. Here they were, stuck in the woods with a high chance of being lost. They could barely move due to exhaustion and they had limited food, not to mention water, and clouds and trees blocking the sun made figuring out their direction incredibly difficult. Perhaps this girl could be of assistance. It was worth a gamble.

"We're going to Bristol," Amelia began explaining without prompting.
The girl opened her mouth, "the one that's n-"
"Yeah, yeah, the Western one closest to here," Amelia interjected (not rudely). "I'm looking for someone and to contact him I have to reach the city. We were following the river but ran into a bit of trouble, and now we can't rely on that anymore." She recounted the rest of the story, implying they could really use her help.

"Wow! What an idiot!" The girl shot Judas a look of contempt. "Settlers really are worthless, aren't they? Supposed to guide you and yet puts you in this mess." She snorted.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "He needs to come with me," Amelia repeated, "but I don't think he can go on like this. He's in... shock? Or maybe poisoned? I don't know but it's not good and I can't let him die."

The girl sighed and appeared to mull something over in her head, moving her jaw in a circle and tapping her foot against the ground as she thought. "I can help *you*," she finally said pointedly. "I won't help him. But I can patch him up for you and get you on your merry way for a price."

Amelia was rather hesitant. "Name your price."

The girl smiled. "A future favor from you." Faerie favors were highly coveted and powerful. Nearly impossible to get since faeries were the ones who struck deals first. They held a lot of sway within nature, and Amelia did not have that power. She didn't know when this girl would want her favor redeemed, if ever, but she knew she did not have the ability to fulfill a faerie favor. If she never saw the girl again, though, that wouldn't be an issue.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): TLDR; Strange girl is Robin. She hates Judas. She can help Amelia for a price that Amelia cannot pay.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ⭕ : Accept Robin's help
❌ : Decline Robin's help
〰 : Try to bargain with Robin
