Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The hospital was a 20-minute plod away. The officer lead Amelia and co. directly there through the straight-forward streets. Buildings and crowds grew bigger the deeper they went into the city. Many buildings looked new, with minimal moss and vines creeping up their sides and polished white marble or bright red bricks standing out from the regular green, brown, and grey that Amelia was used to seeing. People were dressed in dapper suits and smart dresses, hurrying this way and that way. Amelia was thankful for their guide. Every store was open and a medley of new smells assaulted her senses. Construction workers were digging holes on the sides of the roads, children were selling papers and flowers and trinkets for pennies, a couple was having a screaming match in the street, and somewhere somebody was playing an off-tune string instrument.

The hospital was a five-story marble building with large, wide doors and big floor-to-ceiling windows on every floor, identifiable by a gorgeously large caduceus chiseled above the front entryway. Even though the griffon could easily fit through the doors with plenty of room to spare, the officer helped Amelia unload Judas and carry him inside. The receptionist jumped up at the sight of an unconscious patient and soon a gaggle of nurses whisked him away to the back.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): "T-thank you!" Amelia called to the police officer, but he was already leaving, and she did not want to lose sight of Judas. She followed the nurses to a back room. A stout nurse with broad shoulders and a clipboard stopped her. "Are you with him?" Amelia nodded. "Come with me please." She was led inside a room that was split into smaller sections via big off-white curtains, and asked to sit on a wrought iron bench. It was uncomfortable and wobbled when she shifted her weight.

Amelia was unable to go in to the curtained-off area, but she provided the nurses with as much information as she could as they popped their heads out with questions. Some were unanswerable, like Judas's address and information about his guardians, but Amelia could provide answers pertaining to the wound. They thanked her and gave her an estimate of several hours before she could go see Judas, saying she was free to wait outside of his room or in the lobby if she desired. Muffled and rushed voices could be heard behind the curtain, and the occasional loud clink of metal on metal. Someone mentioned fetching the hospital's priest.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): **TLDR; arrived at the hospital! Judas is now getting medical attention. The cop left.**

🕰 : Stay and wait in the hospital with Judas. 
🏛 : Go and find Judas's guild to return the griffon and tell them what happened.
🛍 : Go explore the city.
📧 : Go find the telecom center to send a message to your uncle.
