Bill: The hot for teacher vibes are strong after just one battle. ~~they keep implying the protagonist is super talented but he's not even slightly special and I've been using the other units more~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~there's already a favorite girl?~~
Bill: they give you 8 students per house to start with.
Bill: So you get introduced to something like 20 characters.
Bill: you only get to use 8 of them, but you get to meet the rest ~~and choose which house you want based on that~~
El🆓de Faun (Tom): So basically *which house is the hottest*
Aldus Larian (Jess): so is there already a fav girl or nor yet?
Bill: Oh I like Lyserlia. That's spelled wrong tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thought u meant like fandom fav like i thought "fav girl" was a nickname for a certain girl that he fans already like or somethin
Bill: oh nah haven't looked/
Bill: If I had to guess, there's a busty commoner/songstress girl in Edelgard's house.
Bill: She's got 'internet best girl' vibes.
Bill: The school life stuff is already kinda annoying and the script is filled with 'tell' rather than show but.
Bill: It's fire emblem!
Aldus Larian (Jess): do u like it?
Bill: I think so? I still feel like I'm in tutorial zone.
Bill: The prologue battle was 'here's how to move', then there was some great banter between the lordlings... Then you get swept up into the school stuff and recruited, you gotta 'explore the monastary' and stuff, and I did the first mission. First mission was pretty basic.
Bill: I'm not a huge fan of the protagonist. He gives me crappy isekai vibes. Not his fault persay, it's just everyone fawning over him even though he's also 'just as young as the students' and not even a special class or anything. He's just implied to be super good at everything.
Bill: Hopefully that part fades.
Aldus Larian (Jess): can u be a girl?
Bill: ye. Almost wish I did take girl.
Bill: Not sure I want to ship the dude with anyone.
Bill: Not as likable as Robin.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Is switch only right?
Bill: y
Andrew: Im just now getting home with my copy.
Andrew: Will give you my thoughts later.
Andrew: Guy said they have 3 copies left from preorder and theyu have none to sell
Andrew: I was like yea i was away being a weeb all weekend and hes like yea all my friends were too
Andrew: ;llol
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): too busy being a weeb to weeb
Andrew: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: That's it.
Bill: That's the game.
Bill: 
Bill: ~~why don’t you just teach everyone Claude~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: I fucking love Claude already.
Bill: I’m *buried* in the game mechanics.
Bill: There’s so much new stuff.
Bill: Battalions, abilities, magic tied to magic proficiency, special attacks...
Andrew: I only scratched the surface.
Andrew: 
