Bill: We gotta play mitadake high.
Aldus Larian (Jess): What dat
Bill: https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/VideoGame/MitadakeHigh
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh ya sorry I don't speak tvtrope
Bill: No no it’s a game.
Bill: It’s just the quickest description.
Bill: You play in an 8 bit high school and are locked inside, someone is the killer.
Bill: There’s tons of stuff you can do (I don’t remember well) but the goal is to survive overnight to when the doors open and not get killed, or kill everyone.
Bill: Games meant to be RP’d.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): OMFG
Elfriede Faun (Tom): EXORCIST NOW
N🆗ri (Marisa): we should play epicmafia :3c
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theyre kissing on work time 😮
Bill: GooD.
Aldus Larian (Jess): "What if we kissed on Billy's Christian Minecraft server"
Bill: ~~there’s a church it’s not a christian server~~
Bill: Imma install all the mods they have fallout 4. You know, the hundreds that exist for nude models.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I saw the church
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I corrected the sign
N🆗ri (Marisa): are churches not christian???
N🆗ri (Marisa): IT WAS YOU
N🆗ri (Marisa): YOU MADE THE SIGN <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): there's a 50/50 chance i made a semi-hidden illicit underground nightclub
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): CAFE ACQUIRED
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what else do towns have besides a train station, hotel, and cafe
Bill: I appreciate the support beams so it doesn’t look like the deck is floating in space.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): eithere therres a randomely spawning boat in this swamp
Elfriede Faun (Tom): or someone was here first
Elfriede Faun (Tom): why is there 45 carts by my house
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i blame the villagers
N🆗ri (Marisa): popular tourist destination
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So many damn villagers clogging up the railways
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Where did they all come from? The new update?
N🆗ri (Marisa): they're tourists! viewing our lovely city and staying in georgia's cool hotel
opening all the doors
Elfriede Faun (Tom): georgia i think put em there
Elfriede Faun (Tom): and i killed like 60 of em :3c
Elfriede Faun (Tom): and theres STILL that many
Bill: Yeah there’s a lot of villages. It’s. A bit Annoying.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i finally finished my animal rampage and finished my enchament thing
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i got the enchanted diamond gear now bois
N🆗ri (Marisa): do they multiply on their own? i feel like there's more of them in the illicit nightclub i may or may not have created
Bill: Yes.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~*MINECRAFT VILLAGERS FUCK*~~
Bill: Yup.
Glonk: there were 2 sleeping in a bed in that building near marisa's house
Glonk: this morning
N🆗ri (Marisa): the priest and the librarian!
there was a child who grew into a fisherman but i murdered him and now the priest and librarian raise the prices of the stuff when i try to buy from them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): NIGHTCLUB!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Where??
