Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have successfully acquired unlimited water
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And many iron
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And I baked a pumpkin pie for everyone and left then in their houses
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's adorable
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Housewife Chengu
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ^.^
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Awww thanks! That's adorable
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Who on? I gotta do some homework then I will be
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Currently no one but I on getting back on after I fold laundry
Bill: I kinda wanna but I only have like an hour cause NY...
Bill: Ha lol fold laundry.
Bill: I have to baskets of it, which I did yesterday and blew off for minecraft.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Enough time to visit everyone's houses!
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m on owo
Repayment for the pie is in the chest beyond your first set of doors but outside the second set of doors
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): OuO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Twas a gift so no repayment needed but thank you 💕
Bill: Marisa is annoying like that.
Bill: She sucks at accepting gifts. :3
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): gift giving war
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m in a big cave woah
N🆗ri (Marisa): Biru falling down my house’s mine is the funniest thing all year
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): okie i did most of lab i join now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): water doggo
Bill: It's surprisingly common.
Bill: You can disable mobs destroying blocks. IE. creepers booming your house.
Bill: That is tempting.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Eh, that also kind of takes some fun out of it... I just need keep inventory on lol
Bill: Then death doesn’t matter...
Bill: Asides from experience which none of us have the gear for outside of Marisa.
Bill: If you can die and keep your stuff, death becomes a shortcut to getting home.
Bill: https://www.facebook.com/gamersboard/videos/413309926148801?sfns=mo that’s. Something.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nah famni got a diamond pick and a diamond sword, both enchanted, we good
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nice grave of the fireflies reference number
Bill: I don’t even have gold what.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Btw yes I read your diary Marisa
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Well
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Part of it
Bill: Oooh I remember feeling like a failure playing Minecraft.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😮 why?
Bill: Everyone so creative and builds cool stuff and imma be like I got a farm.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh no I haven't built shit other than a road
Aldus Larian (Jess): I built basic house number 4 and a garden it's not that impresive
Bill: Just remembering the high school server.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I keep forgetting I have off tomorrow so tomorrow is going to be a very crafty day
Bill: Rip. I don’t.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I noticed last night that the fact you can’t eat dandelions is NONSENSE
N🆗ri (Marisa): Very unrealistic
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): you tell em
N🆗ri (Marisa): Notch up in his mansion with his candy room and he won’t even let us eat dandelions smh
N🆗ri (Marisa): The dolphins are nice though
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:minecraft_steve:568529866874683434>
Tikur (Kurtis): Obsidian hell
