Elfriede Faun (Tom): You didn't see the horsemen of the fucking apocalypse appear
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That was insane
N🆗ri (Marisa): THAT WAS BONKERS
Bill: It's a map!
Bill: Marisa is off to the side rip
Bill: 
Bill: Mapped that side too.
Bill: 
N🆗ri (Marisa): WOAH how so fast??
Bill: >.>
Bill: If anyone wants creative mode for their character it's an option now.
Bill: I uh. Got bored with survival.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Are the flags us?
Bill: *I'm paying for the server damnit*
Aldus Larian (Jess): What color am i
Bill: Yes and white.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA that's what I thought
Bill: I'mma build this out a little more.
Bill: the maps.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): CREATIVE BUT I HAVE HOMEWORK AHHH
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m trying to fill in my map now. Camping out in a village for the night. There’s a swamp far north and that’s all I’ve found.
Bill: Have done an expand.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Tried to take a picture of my map but no storage left rip
Swamp is further north and I’m going further east now
N🆗ri (Marisa): Did anyone else get booted
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It ends up being the exact shape of Aurii
Elfriede Faun (Tom): How crazy
Bill: Yo I wonder tho.
Bill: In before I a make a game map version of the server map.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Don't Dead, Open Inside*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YESS YOU FOUND IT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): omg
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I was trying to work down there and kept getting attacked so I needed a small room
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the door was 100% open when I found it lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WHO DID THIS
N🆗ri (Marisa): I found a witches hut!! And challenged her and lost my huge map that was mostly filled in rip
Tried to find it again but no luck, did find a cool coral reef though I’ll be going back to when I figure out how to harvest coral
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): those witches are so OP
N🆗ri (Marisa): Let’s team up
N🆗ri (Marisa): Training montage first then team up to pummel the witch
Bill: <@!351471675843411978> https://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-news/2019/04/13/nier-automata-stage-plays-new-version-mixes-it-up-with-all-male-cast
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): why are things on fire
N🆗ri (Marisa): Where the fire?
Bill: nether rock burns forever.
Bill: also @everyone if you want creative mode instead of survival just ask.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): can i have it in this moment
Bill: I have to log in to switch it for you, so it's more a mode switch than temporary.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye thats fine if you can
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i just wanna build stuff
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wait can you even do that right now? arent you at werk
Bill: I work from home fridays remember?
Bill: I could even if I didn't though... I can install minecraft on my work machine, or SSH into the server console and run the command from there.
Bill: I was going to do the latter but my laptop decided to do a half hour update
Bill: I'm a l33t H4x0r g0d after all.
Bill: https://sdl-stickershop.line.naver.jp/stickershop/v1/sticker/13010909/android/sticker.png;compress=true
Glonk: Switch it to a 1 life mode no ez-mode
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _progress_
N🆗ri (Marisa): A beacon!!! 🚨
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Me playing 1 life mode where I'm not allowed to surface like a madman, trying to build underground gardens and shit
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I didn't survive
Bill: you'd be safer ON the surface.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): THATS THE POINT
Bill: Also dunno if you can do hardcore as a player specific mode.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nah it deletes the world
Bill: You can set it for a server.
Bill: You get locked as a spectator if you die.
Bill: Can't do it as a player mode, only server wide.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my progress
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'll make some glass
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Someday
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Zzzzzz
Elfriede Faun (Tom): *Goes back into mines*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nice work tho
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): thank
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm going to add a taller roof bit to the middle
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I need to take a break
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lol yeah my wrist got tired
Bill: God I wish that was me.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i finally hit lvl 31!
i really need a diamond tho so i can make a enchanting table
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I may have done something horrible...
N🆗ri (Marisa): HORSE PIT HORSE PIT
What is it’s name. The horse.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YESS
N🆗ri (Marisa): who put these chickens in my house
N🆗ri (Marisa): and covered up my nice hole
N🆗ri (Marisa): did someone fall down the hole again <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): may have spawned a chicken in your house
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and put a safety trap door over your hole
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): took one (1) egg to spawn that chicken in your house and then I unloaded like 20 at mine and only got a single chicken
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm trying to start getting animals but there's only pigs and llamas near me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I need cows
N🆗ri (Marisa): the hole is very safe and perfectly OSHA compliant
OH MAN yeah chicken eggs are weird
N🆗ri (Marisa): cows u gotta drag from halfway across the world
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): was lowkey tempted to steal one of y'all's cows and lure it back to my house but that would be so far to lure it
N🆗ri (Marisa): see if biru can give you creative for a little bit next time he's on and get a cow egg
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no that's cheating
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he said, falling to his death but keeping his inventory
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was gonna also try to get one from the open field where the one nether portal dumps you
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh with the huge amount of animals?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I think I killed them all. there's only horses and pigs and sheep
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YEAH
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yo that's. Sweet field
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YOU DID WHAT
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I NEEDED BEEF
Elfriede Faun (Tom): BOI
N🆗ri (Marisa): o it looks like someone found my other mine
if you see a torch next to a 1-block bottomless pit it's probably mine
N🆗ri (Marisa): feel free to use
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I found several zombie spawners!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And a whole lotta melon
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And saddles
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): How many saddles?
