Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina froze in horror, uninjured hand moving to cover her agape mouth. _No... there's no possible way... not Elfriede..._ she thought, tears brimming in her eyes once more. Her eyes were fixated on Elfriede, wide and glossy with terror. Her eyes trailed across him as the laguz straightened once more, satiated by the limp form of the bishop on the ground. _Scars... where ears should be_, she thought, remembering their encounter the night before. She had run her hands through his hair and never suspected a thing. 

Blood dripped down off his muzzle, staining the floor, the bishop's white robes, his chestnut colored fur. Afina's eyes widened at the growing pool of blood on the floor. _He killed him,_ she thought, gaze slowly raising back to Elfriede. He turned to look at her as well; She knew those amber eyes, there was no denying it. But this was not the same man that she thought she knew. Afina inhaled sharply as Elfriede stepped towards her.
Afina (Georgia🍀): ```
Afina was eight. Last she knew, she was riding home in a carriage with her parents, returning from a celebration in another Callorian kingdom. Security was light, on account of much of the forces being dispatched to the festival to keep the peace. Her father was talking about the Canterets, and how their son Eliran was proving to be gifted in the arts. 

And then the carriage was in flames, and Afina had been knocked onto her back. Her dress was torn, and her knees were scraped, but she was alive. In the distance, the few guards they had were slashing at wolves and bandits alike, who leapt and snapped at the horses the men rode.

One man broke from the pack to approach the young princess. Afina tried to escape, to hide. But the laguz man closed in too quickly. He towered over her, flecks of blood in his fur, snarling. She only remembered what happened in fragments after the fact. Pain rocketing up her side. A dress covered in blood. Her father calling for her to stay with him. And the laguz who was to blame.
```
Afina blinked the tears from her eyes to see Elfriede, standing in his bloodied clothes, watching her with grave concern on his face. Blood was smeared across his skin and hair, and his clothes were unrecognizable through the red that stained them. "I..." she began, voice weak and hoarse, trying to form a respond as he walked closer. 

Fear made Afina's chest feel tight, and she tried to back away, but her legs refused to move, and her uninjured arm gave out from the exertion of propping her up. Her hands caught her fall, landing on an open tomes book beneath her, and Afina winced at the pressure it placed on her broken hand. The princess looked down between the open book and the laguz in front of her. "Don't..." she began, holding up one hand to stop Elfriede. He seemed like he wanted to explain himself, to tell her everything. But Afina did not want to hear anything.
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Stop!" she commanded, her voice weak but charged with emotion. The princess blinked more tears from her eyes, as her free hand gripped the tomes beneath her tightly. _Would I... really use this against Elfriede?_
Elfriede (Tom): The taste of blood in his mouth. The iron tasting liquid felt almost natural running down his jaw. Faun was disgusted with himself. He stared down at what he had done, feeling no remorse for the dead bishop, but rather… feared the consequences. 

And.. He feared what was about to happen. He… was going to tell her... Elfriede turned around and looked at Afina, the princess wide eyes and shaking. He took a step forward and she gasped and winced with what little strengthen she had. He could see her hand already changing color from the crushing stomp. It hurt his heart to look at her. Again he took a step and she winced. *I'm a monster…*

In a moment he changed back, his clothes torn all over, and blood still dripping from all around his face and neck. 

"Stop!" Afina propped herself up, still clearly terrified. He wiped the blood from his mouth with his ragged sleeve. Tears still flowed freely without him even noticing. 

He swallowed hard as Afina collapsed again on her broken hand. His eyes narrowed filled with tears and he opened his arms out. “Fina, I’m sorry I.. let me at least…” he took a few more steps forward. “..take you to a bed..”
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina feebly mustered her strength to show Elfriede how she felt, eyes narrowed and body language closed off. The aloof posture and edge in her voice was not as menacing with her trembling frame and heavy breaths, but she truly _was_ upset. _Elfriede had lied about being a laguz_, she thought, the notion angering her the more she ruminated on it. 

Exasperated, and fading quickly, Afina tried to be dismissive. "I don't... need help from the likes of you--," she began, before the world dipped and swayed in front of her. Afina tried to steady herself, but already on the floor, there was little she could do. The princess' eyelids fluttered for a moment, before the room, the blood, and Elfriede faded to black nothingness.
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede frowned heavily at her prone form  and thought of thier life together shattering before his eyes. He looked back to the massive pool of blood behind him and himself covered in blood. Will the coucil or anyone even believe it was self defense...

He looked at the tore throat of the Bishop Torin and felt outright disgusted and turned away. 
Faun lifted Princess Afina up over one shoulder and retrieved his sword from the wall with the other with eyes now stinging from the extended crying. He wanted to cry more but his body wouldn't allow it it seemed.

Faun carried Afina back to her room and gently placed her on her bed. *I was just here last night.. She looked at me so differently just a day ago...*

Elfriede took his time tending to her hand, there wasn't much he could do at the moment other than simply splint it back in place and wrap it. He needed to find a healer.

He reasoned he had until morning to figure out the bishop mess. There most likely wouldn't be sleep for him tonight. 

He quickly washed up and threw out his clothes replacing them for his other set he had packed from Faun Manor. Looking at himself in the mirror, he frowned again. *Disgusting animal.*
