Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina sat on the edge of her bed, head in her hands, as she mentally prepared to don her clothes and meet the bishop in the training hall. She sighed, rubbing her eyes as she thought about the events of the night before. _You can’t focus on that right now, your studies are at jeopardy here,_ Afina thought, standing from the bed. The princess held up her casual wear: a sleeveless dress that consisted of a gray bodice, embroidered with blue vines, and a light blue chiffon train. Leaning to peer closely, Afina found no stains or grime on the garment from their journey to Trisp. _It seems that this particular article of clothing survived_, Afina thought, lowering the dress to slip her legs into it. 

The princess paused as she noticed her reflection in the mirror, and straightened up. _Much has changed these past few weeks_, Afina noticed, analyzing herself in the reflection. Before departing from Theanovene, Afina’s slender frame had been much more accustomed to reading books. Now, she had garnered some bulk in her shoulders and thighs from her time spent walking and fighting. The Laeran frowned, adjusting the strap on her brassiere as she looked from her narrow hips to her petite chest to the angular features in her face. Afina’s eyes finally settled on the white scar that cut a jagged path across her right side. Starting beneath her bust, the mark ran down the princess’ otherwise unblemished skin, only to fade away right at the edge of her undergarments. Afina turned away from the mirror and quickly got dressed. _Another thing I should not be focusing on,_ she sighed. 

---
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina nods in response to Torin’s instructions, chin held high as her muscles tense with anticipation. The princess spoke slowly and deliberately, partially for the bishop’s benefit, as well as her own. Her mind kept drifting; Afina forced herself to realign on light magic every time. “I feel that my style of magic has been heavily influenced from the environment I learned it in. While my master may have been Eraian, my techniques are wholly Laeran. You see, in Laera, there is a great emphasis placed on the pursuit of knowledge.” Afina opened her tomes to the beginning of her spells, her hand resting on the page. She adjusted the blue ribbon that held her hair away from her face, and tried to steady her breathing.  “But when everyone is pursuing the same knowledge, how does one establish dominance in the field? With speed.”

Much like the night before, Afina began with her entry-level spell, and small bits of light twinkled down from the ceiling. Drifting like snow through the air, they faded away as they came into contact with the floor. “I find even the most rudimentary of spells, furthermore, still prove to be effective at advanced levels when they are intermingled with complex castings,” Afina stated, looking up from her book to level her gaze with the bishop’s. His visage betrayed no emotion; the man simply observed with a blank expression. Chest tight, Afina turned back to her spells. “For example, the commonly known signaling spell, coupled by the projection of a shield.” The nonsensical language of light magic came forth from the young woman’s mouth soon after, and a bright white light shot upwards from her book. Flipping pages, Afina quickly forced the incandescent ball to break apart, and a bubble shield formed around the Laeran princess.
Afina (Georgia🍀): She glanced up quickly at the bishop through the yellow-white haze of the bubble shield. _Still no response,_ she noted, abrupting dismissing the light around her. She fired several other spells in rapid succession. A ball of light that crackling with a dazzling brilliance in the center of the room. A scatter shot of beams of light, giving the room the illusion that it was covered in holes. A projected shield on every side of the princess, forming a perfect cube around her. She flipped a page.

A white halo, like that so commonly used in her battles against the laguz, appeared on the floor around the princess, promptly enveloping her in a cascade of light. Another beam appeared on the adjacent wall, cutting through the original emission to form a cross inside the room. Afina quickly projected a third spell, truly stretching her mental fortitude as she projected a calibrated disk of light above her own head, nestled neatly into her hairline like a halo. Instantaneously, the beams were snuffed out, such a feat forcing the bishop’s eyes to adjust to sudden change in lumosity. The resulting effect made it seem like the princess herself glowed from the light of the halo. It, too, was extinguished in time.
Afina (Georgia🍀): “I find that a coupling of spells, in rapid succession, has proven to be the most adept form of practicing light magic. I also--” the princess hesitated. _It’s likely not worth noting that I practice fire magic. I’m not strong enough for it to be note-worthy_, she thought. “I know you are not here for me to also waste your time with theatrics,” Afina nodded, flipping pages. “There are other spells, that require a significant degree of mental fortitude, that I have mastered.” 

Suddenly, a wind whipped through the room as a vortex of light conjured itself along the walls, enveloping Afina and the bishop. A small ball of light formed in its center, rising from the floor to be eye-level with the princess. Afina scarcely breathed. _Just this, Afina. Accomplish this and you’ve proven that you’re a force to be reckoned with._ The princess felt the magic flowing through her body, a conduit by which to channel the arcane art. Something felt empty, though, like the princess was falling short. The vortex itself began to slow, and the ball of light that hung in the air before her flickered. _No! No, not after all this time, I can’t let this chance go,_ Afina thought quickly, holding her tomes tighter. _Focus, focus on the light, you can accomplish this feat, you cannot fail here,_ Afina thought, her voice raising in volume as she spoke.
Afina (Georgia🍀): A memory flickered through the back of her mind. Her time the night before, spent with Elfriede. Afina tried to force the image out of her head. _Now isn’t the time, you must succeed in casting, or all else will have been a waste_ she reprimanded herself, but the light around her only grew brighter. Afina vividly recalled how the knight had looked, hair tousled, as he sat on the edge of her bed, his powerful build making the time that he had spent training for the military very obvious. She remembered how scars covered his toned body. _Especially the one from the pirates_, she thought. Another image popped into her mind; A battered Elfriede, collapsed on the deck, the words “I’m sorry” piercing her heart like knives. 

In an instant, the light in front of Afina detonated, flowing out like a shockwave across the room. The sudden burst whipped around the light mage, the blue ribbon that held her hair back beginning to unravel.  Light cascaded across the room, with Afina at its epicenter, voice loud and eyes burning with tears as she conjured such pure amounts of light. Coming back to her senses, Afina realized that she was still only showcasing her skill, and promptly extinguished the light. Hoping to hide the tears that had come to her eyes, Afina bowed, her blonde locks spilling from her ribbon and hiding her face. 

“Thank you for this opportunity, bishop. I look forward to your continued correspondence,” she said quickly, before turning to walk from the room. The door closed with a loud slam, relief washing over Afina as the tears escaped her eyes. _Now, all that’s left to do is hope that my skill has been recognized,_ she thought.
