Eliran (Halim): Eliran heard Nokri's outburst as he hopped off his horse,  rolling his eyes he elects to ignore it. _Just the same old Nokri_ he figured.
As they all settle down a bit he looks around, keeping watch till he hears an outburst he hadn't expected, Aldus's. A bit shocked at the Bow Brothers reaction, Eliran watches Aldus walk off, concerned but unsure of what to do.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran heard Nokri's outburst as he hopped off his horse,  rolling his eyes he elects to ignore it. _Just the same old Nokri_ he figured.
As they all settle down a bit he looks around, keeping watch till he hears an outburst he hadn't expected, Aldus's. A bit shocked at the Bow Brothers reaction, Eliran watches Aldus walk off, concerned but unsure of what to do.
---- 
After waiting for some time, Eliran has popped a squat by Nokri and Desii, and doing the only thing he really knew, he plucked quietly at his lute. There was a clear tension in the air, what with Nokri's outburst towards Desii, and then Aldus's to Nokri. Having left on bad terms with Nokri before the rescue, he wasn't really sure how to deal with her now they had rescued her, and so he sat with the intention of playing his quiet hymn till either Aldus returned or they were ready to go.
Dizzy: Desii says nothing as Nokri tends to herself, her brows raised in surprise. She unconsciously notes Nokri is using far more of the salve than necessary, but wisely keeps her mouth shut. Eventually the smaller girl finishes with her supplies and Desii returns them to her kit without a word.
Bill: !ghost Desii says nothing as Nokri tends to herself, her brows raised in surprise. She unconsciously notes Nokri is using far more of the salve than necessary, but wisely keeps her mouth shut. Eventually the smaller girl finishes with her supplies and Desii returns them to her kit without a word.
Dizzy: The argument between Aldus and, well, mostly Aldus did no more for Desii's surprise. Clearly there's a lot going here, she idly thinks. The boys were so eager (*Well, Aldus again*) to rescue her, she acts like she didn't want to be rescued, and now the boys seems to regret it too. If all relationships are like this outside of Hylley, Desii's fine with a Hylley boy. Iono was nice...
Bill: !ghost The argument between Aldus and, well, mostly Aldus did no more for Desii's surprise. Clearly there's a lot going here, she idly thinks. The boys were so eager (*Well, Aldus again*) to rescue her, she acts like she didn't want to be rescued, and now the boys seems to regret it too. If all relationships are like this outside of Hylley, Desii's fine with a Hylley boy. Iono was nice...
Dizzy: As Aldus returns Desii stands up and dusts off her hip cape. "I, um, I'm glad we're all safe...! And it seems like we ditched the pursuers..." she says with a forced cheer voice. She trails off, seeing the others will have none of it. Still, her mother taught her to try her hardest to keep friends together in the event of a misunderstanding. "Shall we mosey on back? I could... could definitely go for some of Dain's carrot soup!" She says to no one in particular, heading for her horse again. She laughs awkwardly, trying to lighten the groups thoughts with idle chatter about Dain and Saila.
Bill: !ghost As Aldus returns Desii stands up and dusts off her hip cape. "I, um, I'm glad we're all safe...! And it seems like we ditched the pursuers..." she says with a forced cheer voice. She trails off, seeing the others will have none of it. Still, her mother taught her to try her hardest to keep friends together in the event of a misunderstanding. "Shall we mosey on back? I could... could definitely go for some of Dain's carrot soup!" She says to no one in particular, heading for her horse again. She laughs awkwardly, trying to lighten the groups thoughts with idle chatter about Dain and Saila.
Bill: Thankfully Desii assumed correctly when she said no pursuers seemed to be after you. Despite a slower pace you aren't harassed returning to town. Guards are initially wary on your approach, ones none of you recognize. It's the mayor, Frin who tells them to stand down. 

"You've..." she starts, eyes scanning your horses. When she sees Nokri she smiles. "You were successful! Wonderful!" she says genuinely. "Dain and Saila will be so pleased to see you all." One of the guards whispers something to Frin, and she pauses to listen. 

"Ah, the support from the kingdom has a request of you... Might you tell them what happened? It need not be all of you, but they want an idea of what they'll be facing in the coming days. The Captain here will take you to strategic command in town hall, and whoever isn't going feel free to head along to Dain and Saila's. I know they'll want to see you." Frin says. She gives a small bow in thanks.
