Bill: Torin watches the Laeran Princess set her feet and cast the first spell. Then another, and another merged with that one. The ingenuity she shows is excellent, though a tad out of the ordinary for Eraia's mentality. It's not... an unpleasant thing to see for the Bishop. Eraia was rout, routine, and knew it's skill set well. What this girl was doing before his eyes is the kind of magecraft that would shake the core of Eraia's magic community. Breaking from the mold, using magic creatively and not as written... It set Torin's eyes alight.

Still, she was only a temporary visitor. Nor is she anyone of power in the church. It wouldn't be long before she left Trisp, heading back with her unique outlook to Callora. Or Theanovene, as the Cardinal informed Torin yesterday. Torin's train of thought is lost as Afina crafts columns of light in ways he never even thought were viable. His eyes sparkle in the light, watching as if Lylalel herself had landed before him. His eyes drift to Afina herself, her lithe form tense with concentration and yet flowing into the magic. Torin was momentarily mesmerized by the way her hair fluttered in the spell's effect and her eyes reflected the spell's epicenter.

The moment was longer than he thought, only snapping out of his daze as the young mage turns to leave. He nearly stumbles with how quickly he moves to follow her, catching her just as she reaches the door. He places a hand on her shoulder, motioning for her to stop. He's somehow out of breath, taking a deep breath before speaking.
Bill: "That was... astounding Princess. You have such a fundamentally different understanding of light magic than we here at the monastery. I can easily say we will have plenty to learn from each other, a much more agreeable relationship than that of mentor and student." he says. His voice slows as he gets control of his breath. "That was an excellent showing. I have my work cut out for me to plan for the coming days, I shall need all of the afternoon to process I fear. As planned before supper we can reunite and discuss this arrangement." He pauses.

"I hope to learn your mindset, and who you are fully in these next few days. I feel you could be the key to... something more, personally, and for all of Eraia." he says, a glazed look in his eyes. He blinks and it's gone. "And we'll have plenty to teach you as well. Our mindset may just spark more of your creativity and give you new heights to reach." he adds before giving motion for you to continue out the door. The door closes behind you as he watches you leave the training room.
