Elfriede (Tom) ♍: After going out, Afina and Elfriede had spent some time in the market buying odds and ends for Afina’s stay. Elfriede spent time taking in all the aromas of a town in autumn with his ancestrally enhanced smelling, even stopping to buy some baked goods to take back with them.

Suddenly, the princess stopped in her tracks, handed Elfriede her stuff haphazardly, spilling contents everywhere including some books and bolted off. Had someone stolen from her? Maybe she forgot to tell the bishop something important? He went to chase after her having picked up her pack, but was quickly cut of by the market crowd, losing sight of the wayward princess. Elfriede sighed and organized the books and other miscellaneous objects that fell out and eyed some of the book titles curiously. Odd topics for a light magic practicing princess..
---
Faun spent the next few minutes walking in the direction she ran, navigating the crowded streets. What could she have bolted off so suddenly for? His eye was caught by a small craft stand where a young woman was selling different colored ribbons and headbands. He briefly stopped and saw the different shades of blue she had. He thought about the conversation with Afina later that night and decided to buy her two different shades of blue as a gift. Elfriede had never seen her wear hair bands before but perhaps she’d like it? He was never a gift buyer and always felt like any gifts would be inadequate to loyalty.
---
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Continuing and nearing the edge of the market Elfriede grew a bit more concerned having not seen her. He stopped to ask a stand owner if they had seen someone matching her description, which they shook their head at. Elfriede turned around when long blonde hair caught his eye. His view snapped to a young woman with long blonde hair at the edge of the market standing with a tall Laguz women with White Hair?! Atalantia?! Had they met up?!
He called out to them are he neared, pushing through the crowd, but they didn't turn to acknowledge him. As he approached them he realized something was off.. She was too short to be Afina.. And the Laguz… way too skinny. 
“What kind of… coincidence..?” He said in frustration as the two turned to look at him.

Faun clicked his tongue and his hand went to the hilt of his rapier upon seeing the girls face. Dark skin.. those eyes…, she was clearly Drecan. He noticed her and the Laguz male flinch visibly as he grasped the hilt, the sharp laguz eyes of the man narrowing a bit at him. It was then he noticed her condition. His heart sank a bit. Scrapes and bruises on her arms, obvious rope burns on her neck, rather raw in some spots, hair down and wild, and her clothes were torn and tattered. Her origins seemed to suddenly matter less as his grip loosened on his blade.
---
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Elfriede slightly frowned and bowed. He then crouches a bit and stares at Nokri for a brief moment. “My apologies, but you do not look so well..” He said to the girl in a lighter tone then his initial approach. He took in the odd pair. A laguz tribal with a larger stature than himself, but around the same build to him and a small drecan girl who looks like she had been put through Lyarlel’s fury. She didn’t look like she was being held by this man, nor would a tribal have a reason to hold a small drecan girl. And she was standing too comfortably close to him to warrant concern. Hired bodyguard? From her condition she sure looked like she could use one. 

“I’m… Lieutenant Elfriede Faun… I’m sorry for my initial.. Approach.” He eyes the small girl. “I insist on bringing you back with me to the temple. I will secure of the initiate priests in training to take a look at those wounds. Plus you can tell me a bit more about yourself, are you locals?” He asked politely already know that answer. 

Elfriede paused a moment and smiled, “I offer you this, I do hope you take me up on it… I just would like to know… have you seen a rather regally dressed blonde woman about my height sprint through here?”
