Aldus (Jess): ALdus heads over to town hall to sum up the best he can what happened in the bandit hide out to the kingdom guard, after which he meets up with the rest back at Dain and Salias', hoping for a drink and a good nights rest to ease his troubled mind.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran joins Aldus at the town hall, and after he gives his report, takes his time to go around town and get things in order for departure the next day. Afterwards, he returns to Darn and Salias, telling the others that they should be set to cross into Eraia and head for Trisp the next day. And then after a meal downstairs, he decides to play a tune or two before heading to bed.
Dizzy: Aldus and Eliran's returning from debriefing the guard troop was a blessing for Desii. Saila had been singing Desii and her new friend's praises for what felt like hours, and Aldus's return gave the woman someone else to focus on. Desii quietly slipped aside, finding a corner of the bar to rest her head in. She takes a drink from the Eraian Cider she was offered, not usually a drinker but as the tale of their day was told she found herself more and more willing.
Bill: !ghost Aldus and Eliran's returning from debriefing the guard troop was a blessing for Desii. Saila had been singing Desii and her new friend's praises for what felt like hours, and Aldus's return gave the woman someone else to focus on. Desii quietly slipped aside, finding a corner of the bar to rest her head in. She takes a drink from the Eraian Cider she was offered, not usually a drinker but as the tale of their day was told she found herself more and more willing.
Dizzy: The concept of battle mages had always been lost on Desii; she staunchly believed magic has no place on a battlefield. Yet she was exactly that today, slinging spells to cause harm like any of the battle mages she's heard about before. She shakes her head a few times before her mind can recall if she actually killed anyone though. She doesn't want to know. Logic justifies the action, the men were trying to kill Nokri, who... doesn't deserve that. Not only that, they attacked Desii herself. Even if Nokri somehow deserved the violence she brought on herself, Desii knew she had don't nothing to slight them and self defense would hold up to any guardsman.
Bill: !ghost The concept of battle mages had always been lost on Desii; she staunchly believed magic has no place on a battlefield. Yet she was exactly that today, slinging spells to cause harm like any of the battle mages she's heard about before. She shakes her head a few times before her mind can recall if she actually killed anyone though. She doesn't want to know. Logic justifies the action, the men were trying to kill Nokri, who... doesn't deserve that. Not only that, they attacked Desii herself. Even if Nokri somehow deserved the violence she brought on herself, Desii knew she had don't nothing to slight them and self defense would hold up to any guardsman.
Bill: !ghost *But logic be damned*, she almost murmurs. This isn't what she set out to do, good intentions or not. Saila is lauding them has heroes, Dain as well in his quiet way, yet Desii can't picture her actions that way. She can only see the face of a bandit as he had his blade shocked from his hand by *her* spell. It's such a contrary to what she preaches magic is and isn't for, and it sends a shiver down her spine how quickly she embraced it.
Dizzy: *But logic be damned*, she almost murmurs. This isn't what she set out to do, good intentions or not. Saila is lauding them has heroes, Dain as well in his quiet way, yet Desii can't picture her actions that way. She can only see the face of a bandit as he had his blade shocked from his hand by *her* spell. It's such a contrary to what she preaches magic is and isn't for, and it sends a shiver down her spine how quickly she embraced it.
Dizzy: The shivers double down as she remembers being in the 'embrace' of the bandit who had her pinned. Desii takes another swig of the cider, the sweet apple taste may not be the most appealing, but it's slight burn on her throat pulls her from her thoughts. She doesn't regret her actions there, and that's what's important. Self defense is defense for a reason; each spell she cast kept on more man from getting that close to harming her. Desii continues to run through her thoughts as she sits, until someone else comes to thank her for her actions and pull her from her swirling thoughts.
Bill: !ghost The shivers double down as she remembers being in the 'embrace' of the bandit who had her pinned. Desii takes another swig of the cider, the sweet apple taste may not be the most appealing, but it's slight burn on her throat pulls her from her thoughts. She doesn't regret her actions there, and that's what's important. Self defense is defense for a reason; each spell she cast kept on more man from getting that close to harming her. Desii continues to run through her thoughts as she sits, until someone else comes to thank her for her actions and pull her from her swirling thoughts.
Bill: The celebration of your effort by the town's folk goes late into the night. You are thanked, praised, and promised a warm welcome anytime you pass through. You've done a lot of good for these people, who've had all the own damaged by the men you challenged. The town's guard thank you especially, for being able when they were not. Frin offers to resupply you as best the town can when you set out, though she cannot give you the horses you rode today. 

The guard troop from the kingdom returns early in the morning. They suffered minimal losses, thanks to the knowledge of the side entrance. The bandits were completely routed from the area, another cause for celebration by the town's folk. As festival plans are being made some of your friends in town see you off as you head for the border. Desii reassures Dain and Saila she'll look for Enera where ever she heads, and bring her home if she's been found. 

Trisp is a small town, beautiful in it's simplicity. You approach over a hill and look down on the town, windmills dotting the surrounding farmland adding the peaceful feeling. Most of the buildings in town have reddish roofs, assumably tile. There is much less black stone in Trisp than Lyall, a welcome change of pace from the rest of Eraia. The stone buildings are of a white tan stonework, giving the town a warm feeling. 

Most buildings are single story, except for a large building in an "L" shape on the western side of town. It's two or three stories and almost a fourth of the size of the town. If you squint you can see men in clergy purple walking on the balconies of the building. Between them and the tapestries you can deduce the building is in fact the monastery Trisp is famous for.
Bill: The town is both bustling and peaceful at the same time as you enter it's streets. Vendors don't shout across the streets hawking their wares, yet passersby make a point to stop. Wagons of vegetables and fruit roll through town but at a pace that doesn't imped foot traffic or kick up dust. People wave hello to you as you walk into town, and the directions to the bathhouse are easily spotted. The people are a rustic sort, either farmers or scholars. There seems to be no caste between them, farmers and scholars chatting amiably in the streets.
Dizzy: Desii gets a skip to her step as you crest the hill. "A whole town dedicated to the study of magic. They tell me Theanovene has sages in abundance, but you can hardly call the city dedicated to it. This is so exciting!" Desii says cheerily. "Perhaps I can find an Eraian willing to teach me light magic. Perhaps if I don't mention my home town..." she continues, musing further in her thoughts.
Bill: !ghost Desii gets a skip to her step as you crest the hill. "A whole town dedicated to the study of magic. They tell me Theanovene has sages in abundance, but you can hardly call the city dedicated to it. This is so exciting!" Desii says cheerily. "Perhaps I can find an Eraian willing to teach me light magic. Perhaps if I don't mention my home town..." she continues, musing further in her thoughts.
