Eliran (Halim): Upon arriving at Trisp, Eliran promptly gave the crew a warning, "Guys we need to hit the bath house immediately. Common Eraian Courtesy" He explained. He had been bucketed one to many times in the past, and it ruined his clothes for the next two days, forcing him to buy a whole new set. If it weren't for what he knew about Eraians, he would have sworn the bucketing was a way to get travelers to buy their clothes. 

After the showers, Eliran gathered with the group, "So I have some business to take care of at the abbey." He looked to Desii, "If you want to come with me you should, the members of the Abbey here in Trisp are experts in light magic." he offered. Turning to Aldus and Nokri, who seemed to be  uncomfortable, Eliran paused, "If you guys could get an inn room or something that'd be great. I haven't been here in a while so I don't know anybody who could get us free room and board, and Eraians don't usually have musicians in taverns either." _plus you both stick out like a sore thumb and a wandering drecan is not a good idea._ he thought to himself.
Eliran (Halim): --- 
After splitting up from the group, Eliran heads straight for the Abbey, which is luckily the easiest place to find in Trisp. As he walks he looks at the town, _there really isn't a place like it_ He thinks to himself, appreciating the Eraian set up, although he much preferred the hustle and bustle that cities like Theanovene offered, as well as their music. 
As he approached the Abbeys Entrance, he decided it might be best to knock and wait for a member of the clergy to help him out, after all the mail was for a Bishop, and he intended to hand it to the man directly if possible. He used the knocker, hitting it a courteous three times, and waited.
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri had no objection towards hygiene, and she was long overdue for a bath anyway. Even if it was brief, and she attracted stares from some of the other patrons, it was still nice to wash away the dirt and grime. Post-wash, the bard boy left her to watch over the laguz boy before parading off to do his own thing. "What kind of business do you think he has?" she piqued as he and Desii disappeared. If there wasn't anyone to give them free room and board, it probably wasn't an old lover.

Gazing around, Nokri picked a direction and just began walking. It took them back towards the main street with vendors they had passed when first arriving in town. *It would be nice to pick up some fresh clothes, too.* Despite giving her current clothes a decent scrub, they were permanently stained and torn in various places. They weren't the fanciest of clothes to begin with, just a simple long sleeved top and modest skirt. That top was now short sleeved, and the bottom of the skirt appeared to have been caught in a wood chipper.

A thought occurred to her. *If I don't even have money for clothes, how are we gonna get a room?*
"Hey, uh..." Despite speaking familiarly, Nokri kept her Drecan accent in check and used the common accent. "Do you have money with you?" After a moment's hesitation she added, "if you have any left over after the inn could I perhaps... borrow, or maybe trade you for some spare coins...? Name your price. Within reason."
Aldus (Jess): He has no problem at all accepting Eliran’s suggestion for a bath. In fact he’s almost giddy at the thought. It’s been weeks since he’s has a proper soak, only being able to take quick baths and washing up in streams. He sinks slowly into the bath letting the hot water easy and relax his tight muscles from weeks of walking and fighting, not to mention, running. He takes his time washing up, and cleans his hair thoroughly before emerging lagudly from the bath, not wanting to leave. Water droplets trail down his toned body as he wraps a clean towel around his hips and makes his way over to the mirror. A burst of water falls to the ground as Aluds rings out his mane of alabaster hair. He brushes it out meticulously, ensuring every leaf and speck of dirt is undoubtedly gone, then redresses in fresh cloths he had in his pack. 

Upon exiting the bathhouse, hair still dripping slowly with excess moisture he sees the other three talking amongst themselves. Joining them he finds out the Desii and Eliran will be seeking out the monastery. They depart, leaving Aldus and Nokri on their own. *lovely!* he thinks to himself rolling his eyes when Nokri turns her back to him, heading towards the market stalls. *ah well, can't be helped i suppose* The bath having lifted his spirits he decides not to let it bother him.  

She begins browsing stalls almost immediately. Realising it will be easier to get a room without her tagging along Aldus takes a moment while she is distracted by something shiny to reserve rooms in a nearby Inn.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus surveys the market, noting there aren’t a lot of people that look like him around, not a lot of laguz that is, and there seems to be less, if not, any people who looking like Nokri. *hmm… strange* He thinks before meeting back up with her. 

She turns to him, hesitantly. *that's new* he thinks.  "Hey, uh… Do you have money with you?" After a moment's hesitation she added, "if you have any left over after the inn could I perhaps... borrow, or maybe trade you for some spare coins...? Name your price. Within reason." She asks

He balks at her, raising an eyebrow in question before laughing. He just can't help it, is there no limit to this woman's gall? The pure ridiculousness. He composes himself fairly quickly, and refocuses before sighing. “I suppose you *do* stick out in those clothes, but what would you even have to offer me as repayment?”
