Nokri (Marisa): Nokri pouted to herself, wanting to apologize but not knowing what she did wrong. Was it a crime to make sure her wounds healed properly? 

She stayed silent for the majority of their trip, focusing on "recovering" since no one else needed nor wanted her aid. Occasionally, short, envious looks were directed at Desii. What happened while she was gone? How had this girl gotten to be such close friends in such a short amount of time? *It must be her looks,* Nokri decided. *Pretty, and a strong fighter. Of course they'd like her. How expected.* 

Nokri was glad at least *someone* smiled at her presence, even if she had no clue who this person was. *Have we met before?* She decided to keep about her silent ways so as not to get in any more trouble, and just followed along. She was like a shadow, staying low and out of sight while the others were commended and praised. In an ideal world she would have liked to stock up on some ingredients, but with no possessions or money resorted to scouring the outskirts of town for common weeds and wildflowers. The whole time, watching her own back in case another whacked out stranger decided she looked like a great sacrifice.

Nothing she gathered was extraordinarily valuable or handy, but they'd be better in a pinch and it gave Nokri something to experiment with once the sun went down. Fiddling around with her old hobby put her slightly at ease, and from the open window she could pick up on gossip being spread on the streets below.

--
Nokri (Marisa): Upon hearing their next destination was known for magic studies, Nokri's interest was piqued. Perhaps she could pick up a thing or two for her studies. That idea dispelled after rolling into town and seeing all the clergy. With how uptight and strict churches can get, there'd be no way any black magic study was going on in this town, and they probably wouldn't take kindly to a foreign girl digging up their cemeteries in the name of research. *Prudes.*

Nokri continued to keep her head down, unsure of what kind of welcome she would receive. Before she hadn't cared much, but those were bigger cities with bigger populations. Her hair had remained down since losing her hairband and though signs pointing for the bathhouse were appealing, she wanted to test the waters of this neighborhood and perhaps pick up a replacement hairband before diving in to a nice bath. Perhaps one of the vendors would be open to trading for some potions instead of cash.

As their party passed by the lined up market stalls, Nokri's pace slowed behind the others, letting them go ahead without her. After a couple short minutes of browsing the street, she stopped at a single booth with small trinkets and decorative strips of cloth that would work fine. "Good day," she greeted. It felt like forever since she last spoke with her 'customer service' voice. "Pardon me, but I'm interested in this cloth you have. Would you be open to exchanging just one for a few of these energy drinks?" She showed the shopkeep 3 glass bottles, all containing a similar blue-green liquid made of the common ingredients she had fetched from the previous town. With how simple and harmless the ingredients were, there was no way this drink could turn out foul, and it smelled vaguely of berries.
