Bill: Torin grabs at Afina's arm, twisting it behind her and pulling her away from the door. He pulls her arm above her head and slams it against the wall next to the door, using his larger mass to pin the Princess against the wall. 

"Princess!" he shouts, a little louder than even he thought. His eyes are wide, yet his brows are narrowed and calculating. He stares harshly into Afina's eyes, emanating a cold aura that sends a shiver down her spine. 

"You're... you're being foolish." he says, a wry yet slightly *off* smile crossing his lips. He looks over her shoulders at the wall, for reasons only know to him, giving her that cold glance from aside every few seconds. Torin rolls his shoulders, tightening his grip on Afina's wrist. He looks back at her eyes, the piercing gaze hiding an underlying gleam of pure, unadulterated interest and passion that is outright unnerving. 

"You have the opportunity to be my apprentice! Yes, I should make that clear, that's clearly the problem. Morras has his Progidy from the border Enera, but you! You are the true diamond in the rough, the avatar of Lylalel herself! You can't see it for yourself, obviously, but with an experienced mentor you can truly be Her light on this world! You're magic, you're magic is..." Torin shivers, shaking his head with a nervous energy before once again locking eyes with Afina, nose mere inches from her own. "You're magic is less a science and more an art! You dance and sing light like it is the language you are meant to speak and *it may well be!* Morras doesn't have this in Enera, not in the slightest. Afina, you are... many times the sage Enera will ever be and far more..." the corner of his lip curls, "beautiful, than she."
Bill: "Fitting, of Lylalel's Avatar!" He says with a crazed fervor. He yanks her arm off the wall, forcing Afina to stumble forward behind him. "You'll see soon enough, Callora and it's ways, the Knight Lieutenant, all things you just need time to acclimate away from. Much as Enera did, though as you may need persuation and I came prepared for that because I could never let you slip away after seeing such talent, such *Beauty!*" he says. 

With a powerful throw he launches Afina tumbling to the ground. Her head hits the back wall of the room, and before she knows what's up Torin is straddling her on the ground with a cloth in his hands. He slams his large hand into her face, covering her mouth and face with the cloth. He continues to talk as Afina starts to feel strange, a hazy feeling overtaking her senses. All she can see is his face, pressed close to her own as he earnestly explains his thoughts, and the bare corner of the door far behind him. "I'll have a room made up for you, just like Enera has. You'll study, harder than ever, just study all day and night. We'll practice, we'll bond, and soon you'll understand. We simply can't waste your talents on the world as whole as all. You must take responsibility for that, after all."
