Afina (Georgia🍀): The Tyndalls were tacticians; Afina was quick to watch the body language of the Cardinal as he spoke, turning to face her. His shocked body language meant he wasn't anticipating such a question, and clearly he was analyzing the princess right back. The princess tried to keep her posture formal and unwavering. The Cardinal maintained eye contact as he moved to grab his cane. Afina would have tensed to grab her tomes if she had them on her (as weeks in combat had trained her to do), but the princess was assured that the Cardinal would be unjustified attacking her here and now. _Not to mention the political backlash_, she thought. _I must tread lightly myself, for the good for Callora_. 

The Cardinal spoke slowly, thoughtfully, offering her a friendly smile with the concession that no other Callorian studied at the monastery. _Impossible... it's highly unlikely that a teenaged Enera gifted in light magic exists within herself. The connection must be there_. Morras Raive continued, his friendly smile and posture largely evident. Afina wanted to believe him; She had known how skilled and proficient Raive was since her tutor had taught her of who he was. She wanted to trust this man. But a nagging doubt settled like a weight in her stomach.
Afina (Georgia🍀): _"... but I may have had a hand in the creation of pillar basis for spellcraft"._ Afina couldn't help but react to such a statement; her coalescing pillars were the backbone for so many of her spells! There was no hiding the surprise on her face, she had to admit her admiration. "Thank you, Cardinal Raive, you must be assured that the pillar spells are the foundation to many of my spell forms. I would be most delighted to hear about the conjuring of such a situation! But... you make a fair statement; Perhaps I should be voicing such an interest in diverse light magic orientation to Bishop Dean. We are still in the early stages of training-- successful, I would think, but early-- so perhaps there still stands much to be learned from other conjuring strategies. My apologizes, Cardinal, with the progression of my light magic I should have been more patient." She bows thoughtfully, cracking a smile ever so slightly. "A Laeran fault, I would concede." 

The princess turned to leave. "Thank you for your time, I hope to train with you yourself in this coming week, as well." Thus, with a thunk, another door swung shut behind Afina. _What do I even begin to make of this?_
Afina (Georgia🍀): ---
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina walked into the park, fatigued from her fast walk from the monastery to the meeting location. Nokri followed close behind her heels. "Well," she began, exhaling to prepare herself, as well as catch her breath. "The prospects for meeting with Enera look unlikely. But. I believe with proper synthesis there is much to be garner from how the Cardinal behaved. I shall offer any information that might assist us in the search for Enera, so that we might be able to plan our successive strategy from here."
