Bill: Theory that Kaminari is the UA Traitor. Not a fan, except for the part where he's been faking the stupid mode the whole time and is actually powerful as hell.
Bill: Huh. Hagakure as the mole is... convincing.
One hop this time (Tom): Yes to both
Bill: So. There was an official avengers crossover thing. Deku said he was like cap.
Bill: Bakugo, iron man.
Bill: Make sense.
Bill: Todoroki, Thor. Alright, it’s because daddy issues, but sure.
Bill: LITERALLY the only reason they have for BLACK WIDOW and uraraka is main female leads.
Bill: Smh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
One hop this time (Tom): I didn't realize breaking benjimin sang the ending then to seraph of the end jeez
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I love Katarina t posing to assert her dominance
Bill: WHAT The fuck is this chick in castlevania.
Bill: "Dracula? piss, he's just a toxic male. It's fine."
Bill: ~~oh wait that didn't go well~~
Bill: Am I not supposed to root for Dracula? oof.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you are supposed to sympathize with him for sure
One hop this time (Tom): Are YOU WATCJING CASTLEVANIA
Bill: yeah.
One hop this time (Tom): IT SO GOOD YAS
Bill: Trevor is a fucking *thug*, now that's a character.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): they're making SUCH a big deal of this anime negotiation, all of the books got reprinted and had their dust jackets replaced with this. it's gotta be basically confirmed at this point.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): even store displays
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): AND WHAT IS THAT SIGN BOARD IN THE BACK I NEED IT aahhhh
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ugh it's perfect
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oooo they haven't officially announced it yet?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah, they're advertising it everywhere but it's basically "anime is in negotiations"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the manga is really popular though. not as much as the big popular stuff, but noticably popular.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): MAKE ANIME NOAW
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): PLS
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): let me finish her cosplay first aND THEN THAT DAY GO GO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo yea!
Bill: FUCK yea Trevor left handed.
Bill: Fuck you right handed people, all the best swordsmen are left handed.
Bill: Link, that guy.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): rood
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): jess flips the bird with her right hand at biru
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i found that limited edition card but it looks like it's only available for the digital version of the manga hnnng. i wish i knew about this when it went on sale.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): trevor is amzing tho
Bill: Absolutely.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): tora no ana and animate both have special cards with the second volume of the manga. their store is probably sold out but it's still available online. hnnnngg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mawisa have u seen castlevania?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no not yet 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it gud
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): tom and i started watching seraph of the end last night
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WOOO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): poor bois
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what do you think of it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IT GUD was a little confused how the workd is all normal after everyone died tho?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): first episode was CRAY i like it
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it's been so long since i've seen it but it's pretty neat i should try the second season again
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): tfw someone calls you out
Bill: Speaker chick sounds like Sombra.
Bill: ~~does anyone in this show not speak in husky~~
Bill: Hector has some of the coolest powers I've ever seen.
One hop this time (Tom): Yeee
One hop this time (Tom): Good boi Hector
Bill: > They enter the belmont family vault
> This is great
> Too bad it'll get burned down
One hop this time (Tom): TOO BAD
Bill: Watched all of that.
One hop this time (Tom): Good good
One hop this time (Tom): It's pretty short and so worth
Bill: Little more vampire politics but... #betterfightingthanRWBYv4+
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So we bought a new TV that come with like 20 free channels and one in an anime channel?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Dubbed anime too
