Nokri (Marisa): more reasons this series is absolute trash:
*sacrificing an anime figure in the name of cheap romance cliches that do nothing*
Nokri (Marisa): oh no a waifu figure is falling. how threatening. gotta save the heroine.
Elfriede (Tom): OMFG
Elfriede (Tom): Are you injured from this 2oz figure that I fucking blocked
Elfriede (Tom): Man what a BADASS
Aldus (Jess): What a man
Nokri (Marisa): An utter dreamboat. 
Look at the way he swats the figure away tho I’d be so mad. With all that effort you probably could’ve caught the figure and cushioned it’s fall with your body.
Aldus (Jess): Was it her waifu figure?
Nokri (Marisa): no it was her brother's. not the brother in the pic who swatted it away, one of the other brothers. i hate this series why do i still read it.
Nokri (Marisa): *why is the music so catchy*
Aldus (Jess): OH its one of those
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): ~~AND I JUST REMEMBERED I BOUGHT A COSPLAY OF THE GIRL WHY DID I DO THAT~~ it was like $3 thats probably why
Nokri (Marisa): those are all her brothers.
Nokri (Marisa): the only one who isn't her brother is her pet squirrel who's human in her dreams.
Aldus (Jess): i like my idea that the girl went to a guys house and his waifu fell over and he defended her
Nokri (Marisa): good theory
Aldus (Jess): oh i think you told us about this
Nokri (Marisa): it's my hatred that i still follow for reasons unknown
I mean look at this stupid gif. it's infuriating but also hilarious because the one guy has the squirrel in his hand
https://ramyunbowl.files.wordpress.com/2015/09/borhers-conflict-ending.gif
Aldus (Jess): are they all adopted?
Nokri (Marisa): nope they're all blood relatives.
the girl is the adopted one ~~for legal reasons~~ her father married their mother even though the parents are never shown. there's a wedding scene where they have to go to the wedding though because then they can sell merch of the guys in tuxes. this series is super popular here.
Nokri (Marisa): the one in the dress isn't a girl it's the token crossdressing brother
Aldus (Jess): what is it called?
Nokri (Marisa): Brother's Conflict. it's a visual novel and apparently a regular novel too. there's an anime but since there are so many characters it barely gets into anything serious.
Nokri (Marisa): basically one episode per brother and one episode for the twins
Nokri (Marisa): the squirrel gets like a 3 minute spotlight in the last episode
Aldus (Jess): *looks at pic*
Aldus (Jess): twins?
Nokri (Marisa): o ye they're actually triplets
Nokri (Marisa): but one's fraternal and two are identical? but they've got different color palettes
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Aldus (Jess): none of those bois look alike
Aldus (Jess): how are htey even brothers wtf
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): orange mcgee is the anime waifu beater
the other two are the identical twins, they're anime voice actors
Nokri (Marisa): orange boy is a game developer or something
Nokri (Marisa): he should know the importance of figures smh
Aldus (Jess): lmao
Nokri (Marisa): ANYWAY JESS LOOK AT THIS
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoeGe82AFm0
Nokri (Marisa): shiro's voice actor likes to sing
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Nokri (Marisa): i wish the other voices had bigger parts ; A ;
Elfriede (Tom): Ahh yess 37 brothers
Elfriede (Tom): Brothers can you plz give the loops
Nokri (Marisa): froot loops
Nokri (Marisa): o the newest bnha popularity poll is out
Nokri (Marisa): GENTLE AND LA BRAVA PLEASE BE ON HERE
Nokri (Marisa): o wait is it out yet or are they collecting votes for it
GENTLE AND LA BRAVA I'M SENDING U ALL MY VOTES
Bill: *Why Keith cosplayed by someone’s weird Uncle*
Nokri (Marisa): wot
Nokri (Marisa): who. avatar wan?
Nokri (Marisa): is keith your uncle
Bill: He just looks... old. And not like an angsty space boi.
Nokri (Marisa): that's why voice actors are scary
Bill: I've been troping Teen Titans...
Bill: I think I used to like Terra. I wasn't big into the series, but I remembered her.
Bill: Also did not know the source material was a steaming pile of shit, go figure. ~~it IS DC though~~
Aldus (Jess): ooo i like terra too
Aldus (Jess): terra and raven were my favs
Bill: mm, same.
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah same
Elfriede (Tom): *wow we're trash*
Elfriede (Tom): I liked Robin alot too
Aldus (Jess): all the edgy ones
