Bill: <@!228287793099440128> <@!351785752197201920> <@!351471675843411978> <@!325788935865368578> <@!350855105123319808> The anime I was reminded of by the folklore in the movie is "The Eccentric Family". I highly recommend.
Tikur (Kurtis): 👌
Aldus (Jess): Voltrom liveblogging: I enjoyed the Keith and Shiro backstory in ep 1 of season 7. Also enjoyed Keith being called emo 👌
Nokri (Marisa): Oo eccentric family was eccentricly popular. Has two seasons
Aldus (Jess): Krolia is bae
Aldus (Jess): Space doggo!
Aldus (Jess): ZethridXEzor OTP
Nokri (Marisa): the rfa goes to hawaii when a volcano is erupting and a typhoon occurs
Nokri (Marisa): a+ scenario thank u hal for the idea
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): Time to learn korean
Nokri (Marisa): im surprised people haven't made fake anime screenshots like they did with homestuck
Nokri (Marisa): oh
Aldus (Jess): LMFAO
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): 😭 it tru
Nokri (Marisa): Apparently the 707 mini pillow comes with a ticket to outer space that’s super cheesy, and there used to be limited edition RFA Halloween coin purses. I dunno if the coin purse was just in Korea or not because I don’t remember it at all. But very cute.
Nokri (Marisa): I have the picture still up on my computer but I have to get back to it and find which tab it’s on out of like 700
Aldus (Jess): Omg das so cute
Nokri (Marisa): gotem
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Handshaking with a FAMOUS space magician
Nokri (Marisa): the ~~aldus~~ zen coinpurse also has a keychain that says "wooooooooof"
Aldus (Jess): wow i cant believe aldus is in MM
Aldus (Jess): I WANT DAT COIN PURSE OMG
Nokri (Marisa): legends speak of a jaehee and yoosung one too but i can't find them
Aldus (Jess): THAT TICKET IS THE DORKIEST THING OMG thats too cute
Nokri (Marisa): here's jumin's
Nokri (Marisa): I KNOW RIGHT everyone says seven is so smooth but no he is the cheesiest cheese
Aldus (Jess): seven maked you think hes smooth for 10 seconds before laying the cheese on ahrd
Nokri (Marisa): i thiiink this is the official seven one
Aldus (Jess): omg the friggen vacation itinerary
Nokri (Marisa): where is he that has a framed picture of jumin
Nokri (Marisa): FAMOUS space magician
Aldus (Jess): lmfao omg
Nokri (Marisa): Try ~~free~~ paid
Nokri (Marisa): not just any space magician
Aldus (Jess): i wanna get a job despgning chertiz's flyers
Nokri (Marisa): omg that would be the best job ever
Nokri (Marisa): i heard they were hiring recently but it's all korean
Aldus (Jess): rip
Nokri (Marisa): FOUND YOOSUNG
Aldus (Jess): OMG
Aldus (Jess): kyoot
Aldus (Jess): the itinerary is like if you let your 4 yr old pick everything for vacation
Aldus (Jess): "grilled meteor"
Nokri (Marisa): catnip planet not appropriate for 4 year olds
Nokri (Marisa): JAEHEE OBTAINED
Nokri (Marisa): is that everyone? yyeah i think so.
Aldus (Jess): PLZ i need them all
Aldus (Jess): yea thats the main 5
Nokri (Marisa): ye rip v and ray
Aldus (Jess): 😭
Aldus (Jess): what would they be for halloween 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): hmmm
Nokri (Marisa): saeran would change based on personality rip
OR he could be cerberus
Aldus (Jess): OH YEA
Aldus (Jess): ~~sept if he ray hed probably scare himself~~
Aldus (Jess): maybe something alice in wonderland-y
Nokri (Marisa): jaehee has alice. maybe ray would be mad hatter?
Nokri (Marisa): ray would be a sad clown
Aldus (Jess): YEA thats what i was thinking!
Aldus (Jess): NOOO
Nokri (Marisa): sad clown confirmed <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): NO THE MAD HATTER IDEA 😭
Nokri (Marisa): SO CLOSE
Aldus (Jess): hehe
Nokri (Marisa): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus (Jess): what wuld V be?
Aldus (Jess): a memaid
Nokri (Marisa): a mummy?
Nokri (Marisa): ~~a priest~~
Aldus (Jess): ooo he could be van gogh cuz he likes to paint and V would def cut off an ear for a girl
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): frankenstein saeran would be neat
Nokri (Marisa): v just casually chopping off an ear
Aldus (Jess): YEA
Aldus (Jess): hed do it yo
Aldus (Jess): all that self sacrifice and stuff, thats his jam
Aldus (Jess): someone is putting out an MM halloween zine
Nokri (Marisa): evil saeran would cut up MC's bedsheets and be a ghost
Nokri (Marisa): WHAT
Nokri (Marisa): is zine just the western version of doujin
Aldus (Jess): na its like a collection of fanart i think?
Nokri (Marisa): ooo
Nokri (Marisa): like an anthrology
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): vs
Aldus (Jess): like a bunch of artists make a book of art and they dont put the pieces online
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): ooooo
Nokri (Marisa): that makes sense
Nokri (Marisa): collaborative artbook
Aldus (Jess): proceeds usually go to charity especially with the MM fandom
Nokri (Marisa): everyone shows up as chat noir
"well. *some* of us are going to have to change."
Nokri (Marisa): awww yeah. MM doing good.
Aldus (Jess): https://mysmehalloweenzine.tumblr.com/
Nokri (Marisa): reminds me of the homestuck can town things
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Nokri (Marisa): aaa that is a nice sidebar image
Aldus (Jess): theres zine for specific characters too like a jumin one is comming out soon, theres a searan one too i know
Aldus (Jess): YEA it cute
Aldus (Jess): I almost bought a hawke/fenris zine (dragon age) once but then i didnt
Nokri (Marisa): ah yes the dragon ages. ah yes.
Nokri (Marisa): i am familiar. with your dragon ages.
Aldus (Jess): ARE YOU
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): tom can i buy zines?
Elfriede (Tom): Wat
Nokri (Marisa): say yes
Aldus (Jess): i explain what it is like up a bit lol
Nokri (Marisa): a lot of my tumblr is dragon age because of people and i know a lot of cosplayers
Nokri (Marisa): people love their fenris
Nokri (Marisa): you and your fenris/hawke
Aldus (Jess): YEA I LOVE FENRIS
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): ~~i really like sad and abused white haired bois~~
Elfriede (Tom): 
Nokri (Marisa): ~~komaeda is that you~~
Elfriede (Tom): OO MARISA LOOK WHAT WE GOT
Nokri (Marisa): are those jess's white haired boys owo
Elfriede (Tom): They so smol
Aldus (Jess): YEA WE GOTS THOSE
Aldus (Jess): hehehe
Nokri (Marisa): *did you kidnap those children*
Elfriede (Tom): ***They rattle***
Nokri (Marisa): idea: spirit maracas
Aldus (Jess): i know nothing of dangnonranpon is he abused too? i only know him as the chararacter that i always see at cons and go "OH IS THAT A SAERAN? nvm just dangnonranpon"
Bill: Where’d you find THOSE?
Nokri (Marisa): he's a Giant Meme
Aldus (Jess): ebay i think
Aldus (Jess): NICE
Nokri (Marisa): rip komaeda
https://78.media.tumblr.com/dcb4f307cf66d83af639675d35e42191/tumblr_o0ivpcE8g61qimvgoo1_500.gif
Aldus (Jess): oh wow rip indeed
Nokri (Marisa): jk that's fanmade he's like a cockroach he won't die
Aldus (Jess): wait have you play DA or you just know about it?
Aldus (Jess): I also love Zevran
Elfriede (Tom): She likes the elves
Nokri (Marisa): my psp was stolen ~~my cousin took a bunch of my stuff when he couldn't pay his drug dealer~~ but i followed the original write-through of games one and two, before they were officially licensed and sold in the US so I know what happens. also saw the first anime but not the adaptation of whatever the third part is, yet.
Elfriede (Tom): I do too but they don't offer many female elves
Nokri (Marisa): in dwagon age?
Elfriede (Tom): Yee
Elfriede (Tom): Just Merril and Sera
Elfriede (Tom): But sera is strictly gay
Nokri (Marisa): you would like Rune Factory owo
Elfriede (Tom): Owo
Aldus (Jess): WHOA how u knoe so much stuff mawisa
Nokri (Marisa): 3 and 4 are the best and they both have elf brides
Nokri (Marisa): wot
Nokri (Marisa): wot do i know
Aldus (Jess): you know all the medias
Elfriede (Tom): Did you see the Cassandra anime?
Aldus (Jess): mangos, games, animes, you knows it all
Nokri (Marisa): i usually know all animes and mangas b-but what is cassandra
Elfriede (Tom): Dawn of the seeker anime
Aldus (Jess): shes a dragon age character
Elfriede (Tom): Yee
Nokri (Marisa): ooooooooo dragon age animes
Nokri (Marisa): ooooooooooooooo
Elfriede (Tom): Yeee
Elfriede (Tom): I think it's 3d tho 👀
Aldus (Jess): short black hair angry, will kick your ass
Elfriede (Tom): In the animes she has ponytail tho
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): if you put spikes on the end of a ponytail it becomes very deadly
Aldus (Jess): yea dat her
Nokri (Marisa): she angr
Nokri (Marisa): y
Nokri (Marisa): angry
Nokri (Marisa): i can't type
Nokri (Marisa): here are the rune factory elves
Aldus (Jess): ~~is there boi elves too~~
Elfriede (Tom): Amazing I love it 🙌 🙌 🙌
Nokri (Marisa): hmmmMMmm. boy elves. there a dwarf in rf3. only boys you can marry are in rune factory 4 though. there's strong fox boy and pony boy who likes to fish. I think doug is... half dwarf?
Elfriede (Tom): https://i.pinimg.com/originals/74/3e/ae/743eae643868409a350ce1c19bd544c7.jpg
Elfriede (Tom): That's the only girl elf from dragon age
Elfriede (Tom): Pm
Aldus (Jess): tom just doesnt like sera lol
Elfriede (Tom): She does blood magic <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): OH there is an elf-eared boy but you can't marry him
Aldus (Jess): im sure youve seen her on the tumbls
Aldus (Jess): SADNESS
Nokri (Marisa): yee she looks familiar. looks slightly altean
Elfriede (Tom): Sera?
Aldus (Jess): noo merril
Elfriede (Tom): Ooo
Nokri (Marisa): marriagable girls on the left and boys on the right
Nokri (Marisa): yee merrill
Aldus (Jess): neatooo
Elfriede (Tom): https://cdn.bulbagarden.net/upload/8/82/Marill_PK.png
Nokri (Marisa): if you mary dolce i think you get pico thrown in there too because pico is a loli ghost who haunts dolce, but i hear that she doesn't bother you as much after marriage
Nokri (Marisa): SAME
Elfriede (Tom): Omw to get rune factory 4
Nokri (Marisa): WOO
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): DO IT
Nokri (Marisa): it's the best. in rune factory 3 you can turn into a monster, but you can't do that in rf4 sadly. they replaced the monster fighting style with glove weapons though so you can still punch things.
Aldus (Jess): what it about?
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): Am I doing it right?
Nokri (Marisa): it's basically harvest moon ~~or stardew valley hssss~~ with monsters. YEAH TOM DO IT DO IT
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): RF4
Nokri (Marisa): ROCKS
Aldus (Jess): oof idk what those are about either
Nokri (Marisa): in rune factory 3, you're a half-monster (half tiny golden sheep) who has to unite the monster-hating human town and the human-hating monster town that lives in the desert. also you live in a tree.
Aldus (Jess): 😭
Elfriede (Tom): It's the same as stardew valley <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): in rune factory 4, you fall out of an airship and lose your memory
shut up
Aldus (Jess): i thought stardew velley was about farming?
Nokri (Marisa): you get mistaken as a prince/princess. there's something about a war with a neighboring country, and evil spirits that you have to make nice and then you can marry them
Nokri (Marisa): yee
Aldus (Jess): so you just farm?
Nokri (Marisa): you battle monsters, you do quests for townspeople, you craft, you can farm, you can tame animals (the animals can then help you fight, help you farm, or you can ride them around town. they also provide crafting materials)
Nokri (Marisa): the crafting system is super insane in these games. keep up on your smithing and crafting levels
Aldus (Jess): ~~oof i hate crafting~~
Nokri (Marisa): handmaking food and items will also raise affection if you gift them to people
Nokri (Marisa): here's what farming looks like in rf4
Elfriede (Tom): It's animal crossing
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): It's fireemblem!
Nokri (Marisa): can you can 5 guys at once in animal crossing
Elfriede (Tom): 5furries
Aldus (Jess): you dont have to farm in fe tho
Elfriede (Tom): I'm lmao
Nokri (Marisa): you *could* in fates technically 🤔
Aldus (Jess): im so confused 😭  i feel dumb
Nokri (Marisa): no no nonon o don't be confuse what is confusing
Nokri (Marisa): rune factory is a big game
Nokri (Marisa): we can explain
Elfriede (Tom): "we"
Nokri (Marisa): ~~tom help me out here~~
Elfriede (Tom): I have no idea what it's about lmao  <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elfriede (Tom): I just know it has farming and waifus
Nokri (Marisa): so while rf3 is jammin lets look at rf4 for now
here's the opening theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZ5O3JpXJew
Aldus (Jess): ~~did u really just spend 25 on waifus?~~
Elfriede (Tom): ~~it probably could be a mobile game~~
Nokri (Marisa): it has husbandos too. it's so good.
Elfriede (Tom): I didn't buy it yet <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): whatchu waitin for
Bill: If it wasn't on DS I might go for it.
Nokri (Marisa): let me get my game out and show how much damage my swords so i'm so proud of them
Bill: 
Aldus (Jess): true waifu material
Nokri (Marisa): i brought both rf3 and rf4 with me to japan they're so good
Nokri (Marisa): just wish i could find *any* merch
Nokri (Marisa): sometimes there are also pajama parties
Elfriede (Tom): I can't say I've ever played it or seen any gameplay of it
Elfriede (Tom): And I've only heard of harvest moon
Nokri (Marisa): i'm only level 343 wow what a noob i am
Elfriede (Tom): So technically I've never even heard of it
Aldus (Jess): that sounds scary
Nokri (Marisa): dcfbhnjkm I HAVEN'T PICKED UP A GAME IN SO LONG WHAT WAS I DOING WHEN I LAST PLAYED THIS
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao is it like disgaeasleveling?
Nokri (Marisa): WHY IS THERE A HORSE IN MY BEDOROM
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao
Elfriede (Tom): Disgaea ng+3 fighting Vyers again, wow I'm only lvl 400 what a noob
Nokri (Marisa): is that dylas???? am i with dylas??? but why is he a hor
oh awit no maybe i went back and tamed a boss that'd explain why i'm so weak maybe?
Nokri (Marisa): wow noob
Nokri (Marisa): ok so i'm with a boss horse monser, i'm very low on hp and have practically no mp, and i have a watering can equipped. why all of this
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Here are two of my farms. One I’m growing giant flowers it looks like, the other I have monster pets clearing to grow more stuff. Ignore all the stats that’s just optional specific stuff that I crafted my watering can to show
Aldus (Jess): D:
Nokri (Marisa): all the stats won't show unless you buy a magnifying glass, or craft a magnifying glass into a tool! most of it is junk data, not necessary unless you wanna grow stuff super quickly. like I was trying to get golden turnips to level 10 fast at one point so i needed the best quality soil
Nokri (Marisa): how do i film while playing hmmm
Aldus (Jess): that sounds hard D:
Aldus (Jess): 10/10 garden organization
Nokri (Marisa): it's not!! it's super easy when you see it!
want faster plant = throw formula at your field
soil quality low = throw some corn or hay on the field
tadaaa
Elfriede (Tom): SOITSFARMVILLE
Nokri (Marisa): can you do this in farmville
Nokri (Marisa): tfw video is too big at 16 seconds long OK
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): my dual swords cause poison, fatigue, sickness, and paralysis i'm very proud
Elfriede (Tom): WHAT IS HAPPENING
Nokri (Marisa): I'M FIGHTING SOME LESSER DRAGONS
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): sometimes i'll use my fist weapons because they're stronger but the dual swords have 10x the reach and they're more fun
Nokri (Marisa): There’s best girl from RF3. Carrying a bowl of rice.
Elfriede (Tom): Wow
Elfriede (Tom): Can't believe Marisa is best girl
Bill: yeeeet
Nokri (Marisa): im trying to find my husband it's the guy jess likes
Aldus (Jess): WHICH ONE DO I LIKE?
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: definitely Jess's type.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): i'm just trying to talk to you omg. you shoulda proposed first you neener.
Elfriede (Tom): He knows
Nokri (Marisa): i need to make pancakes for venti. she loves pancakes.
Aldus (Jess): i like both of them they both look nice 👌
Bill: I wouldn't say either looks *nice* but.
Nokri (Marisa): biru which bachelor do you like best
Elfriede (Tom): Making pancakes for a Starbucks cup size
Elfriede (Tom): Wow so nice
Nokri (Marisa): only the highest quality pancakes for venti. level 10 ingredients. +5000 hp when consumed.
Aldus (Jess): they both look hawt, better billiam?
Bill: accurate.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): *I WENT TO GIVE HER THE PANCAKES AND NINJA RAN THROUGH HER VENTI I'M SORRY*
Nokri (Marisa): mission accomplished
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): u make pancake for dragon?
Nokri (Marisa): ye
Bill: you got any official fanart of the player character Marisa?
Nokri (Marisa): official fanart? owo
Nokri (Marisa): here's micah, frey, and lest. the protags of rf3 and rf4
Nokri (Marisa): lest is the male MC, frey is the female MC
Nokri (Marisa): finding the sprites is actually weirdly difficult
Bill: Okay, what's with that breastplate?
Nokri (Marisa): yeahh. that is. a thing i often wonder.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): the major thing keeping me from cosplaying her BUT I SAW A COSPLAYER OF HER AT OTAKON A WHILE BACK it was beautiful
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): it looks pretty bad with all outfits. good thing you can change your sprite into a furry mascot costume.
Aldus (Jess): just do it without that
Bill: it's like... a breastplate nipple ring or something.
Nokri (Marisa): *inaccurate cosplay* no one would recognize smh
Bill: What the fuck.
Nokri (Marisa): have you seen frey's swimsuit. it's also super out of place for a medieval fantasy-like setting
Bill: look, I don't mind stylized fantasy outfits, because cute is cute.
Nokri (Marisa): frey and clorica have sailor uniforms for swimsuits
Bill: But that breastplate is just like... what.
Nokri (Marisa): it is the one burden of rune factory
Aldus (Jess): i wouldn't even cal it a breast plate, more of a titty buckle
Nokri (Marisa): also crazy elaborate wedding attire
Nokri (Marisa): a lot of their clothing doesn't make sense. especially in 4.
Nokri (Marisa): *especially you frey*
Nokri (Marisa): i can cosplay her pajamas. problem solved.
Nokri (Marisa): actually i think i was more keen on cosplaying dolce and chlorica, but chlorica has those floating things on the side of her uniform i didn't want to bother figuring out.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): rf3 has 10 bachelorettes i just realized that's a crazy amount of bachelorettes
Nokri (Marisa): they didn't even give the weird breastplate to lest i'm dumbfounded.
gender equality pwease.
maybe she has it to hang keychains off of
Nokri (Marisa): BFFS
Aldus (Jess): can i marry the dragon?
Nokri (Marisa): sadly you can't 😭 she's like a god, but you can be BBFs with her
Nokri (Marisa): these are the monsters you can marry
Nokri (Marisa): and in rf3 there are two monsters you can marry
Nokri (Marisa): actually. that post of girls from rf3 is missing a girl. so there's 11 bachelorettes? i'm like 99% sure you can marry kuruna too
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH THERE'S A WEDDING SPRITE you can totally marry kuruna this is anti-mnonster prejudice smh
Bill: *Titty buckle*
Elfriede (Tom): Is that a monster Hunter
Bill: I'm dead.
Nokri (Marisa): my life is ruined biru. ruined.
Nokri (Marisa): now i live for communist desert monsters
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): apparently mermaids aren't monsters? 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): people have no issue with pia being in town but HEAVEN FORBID a tiny sheep wander by
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): pia is great because she's the typical genki kawaii anime girly character but also her favorite item is squid because they're her mortal enemies and she'll carnivorously rip them to pieces.
also if it starts raining while she's outside she'll turn into a mermaid and kind of get stuck outside hehe
Nokri (Marisa): tom do you have the game yet are you playing it already
Nokri (Marisa): when do we get a rune factory server i can babble in
Elfriede (Tom): BE A BATH
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: That's a kink.
Nokri (Marisa): sofia is really quite the charmer
Aldus (Jess): damn, why does no one talk to me liekt hat
Elfriede (Tom): Damn wtf
Elfriede (Tom): I wanna be a bath
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): EHAT
Nokri (Marisa): pia lives at the town inn and is like an adopted daughter to the innkeeper. the player can use the baths at the inn to restore their MP and HP without sleeping or eating food. the innkeeper also has a daughter called sakuya, who is very interested in money
Nokri (Marisa): rune factory 3 has a lot more characters, but rune factory 4 has a huuuuuuuge map. it'll take a long time to get through the main plot. there's 3 arcs too so once the credits start rolling it's still far from over.
Nokri (Marisa): rf4's main story alone has about 50~60 hours of content if you play it leisurely
Nokri (Marisa): hm. my ds says i have 15 hours of rf3 playtime but i definitely feel it's way more than that. then it says i have 213.5 hours of rf4 playtime
Nokri (Marisa): but i've played animla crossing more? whaat? no way
Nokri (Marisa): maybe because animal crossing has been out longer 🤔
Elfriede (Tom): Hmmm
