Nokri (Marisa): nasty red dogs is back aww yiss
Nokri (Marisa): New Yona is out today, plus the new Drama CD 🙏
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): tfw there's a big reveal in kuroshitsuji and people aren't flipping out about it. it's shocking how they're keeping such a HUGE spoiler under wraps. unless people just don't understand how big of a deal it is? it's literally the thing people've been waiting a year for and i only saw one mention of it on the internet
Nokri (Marisa): '''“Jaehee got tired of working Jumin and set out on her own”'''
that's it that's the plot of jaehee route
Elfriede (Tom): 
Aldus (Jess): Kyoot
Elfriede (Tom): Damn I should have looked for spice and wolf on sale.at the manga booths at otakon
Elfriede (Tom): Maybe at collosal? But u doubt it
Elfriede (Tom): Maybe someone will have to sell the whole series at the flea market
Aldus (Jess): 🤞
Aldus (Jess): Flea market hype 😂
Elfriede (Tom): Yeeeee
Aldus (Jess): how many mangas are there in the series?
Aldus (Jess): or are you taslking books?
Elfriede (Tom): I wonder if they would even have the light novels at the manga booth now that you mention it
Elfriede (Tom): Although I kinda want the mangos as well
Aldus (Jess): how many mangos? how m,any book?
Elfriede (Tom): Idk how.many mangos
Elfriede (Tom): The complete novel series is 17
Elfriede (Tom): 14 in the main part
Aldus (Jess): ~~if it wasnt $300 id get it for you for your birthday~~
Aldus (Jess): "babe whats this $300 credit chard charge?"
<:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: they did do a complete collectors edition.
Bill: I thought about buying that.
Aldus (Jess): also 300
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah...
Aldus (Jess): im tempted tho XD
Bill: It's big though, iirc <@!184440044822462464> has it.
Elfriede (Tom): I think I'd prefer the separate volumes tbh
Bill: You can't travel with the big one.
Elfriede (Tom): Ye
Aldus (Jess): for context our usual birthday budget never crests $100, and is ussualy more like 50
Nokri (Marisa): Read spice and wolf
Learn advanced economics
Use advanced economics knowledge to get money
Use money to buy spice and wolf
Aldus (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): The full circle
Bill: I wrote a paper in my econ 101 course on spice and wolf.
Nokri (Marisa): I just ran through a horror scenario where someone tried to do the FBP at a con and security had to stop them what a crazy insta dream
Bill: I think it was on the currency exchange scheme in the first book.
Bill: I got an A
Nokri (Marisa): A c a d e m i a WOOO
Nokri (Marisa): You should publish it
Bill: Yeah, this was in high school.
Bill: I don't think I even have it anymore.
Nokri (Marisa): Find it this must be retrieved
Bill: https://www.dropbox.com/s/rafe2tk0jk5x0pz/Economics%20Essay.docx?dl=0 as it happens, I'm a data packrat.
Bill: It's actually on the Pyrite scheme in the 3rd book. Which I no longer remember, and started reading again since Tom finished it.
Aldus (Jess): tom spent like an hour explaining that to me yesterday
Bill: You could just read this paper written by me in... 2010?
Aldus (Jess): too bad i didnt have that yesterday
Bill: I'd reread it for the shiggles, but I don't want to spoil the book since I don't remember it.
Nokri (Marisa): I just imagine tom going “quick jess u gotta learn this economic theory to understand the intricate waifu plot. Do it for the anime.”
Elfriede (Tom): Pm what Happened
Elfriede (Tom): That whole scene was just the classic white knighting
Elfriede (Tom): Silly Amati
Nokri (Marisa): Have you seen that really good voice acted scene of the girl just *going off* on the protagonist for being chuunibyou
Bill: Oh from Inou Battle?
Bill: That shit was surreal, I watched that live.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeee that’s the one
Bill: It's like a 6 minute tear down of Chunnibyou behaviors.
Nokri (Marisa): It’s so good
Elfriede (Tom): Oof
Aldus (Jess): what i learned:
Holo and Lawrence need to learn to communicate
Toxic masculinity is strong
Nokri (Marisa): So much raw emotion
Elfriede (Tom): Most of the toxic masculinity came from Amato, but Lawrence played right into it and was like. Ah yes. I need to be better merchant.
Elfriede (Tom): Then shell love me
Bill: Holo and Lawrence have a relationship built on teasing and one ups.
Nokri (Marisa): the most recent i've seen of spicy wolf was when i cosplayed it for katsu but for some reason i can't remember much of it.
Bill: Want the novels?
Nokri (Marisa): there was never a movie right? there was a guy at katsu who was like "i'm SO hyped for the movies" and i was ilke yeah. yeah sure and then i googled it and found nothing
Nokri (Marisa): naw is ok but thank
Nokri (Marisa): ~~they're pirated aren't they~~
Elfriede (Tom): Nah they aren't actually
Elfriede (Tom): THE MOVIE MARISA DUH
Bill: ~~I mean~~
Bill: ~~they are~~
Elfriede (Tom): They are?
Elfriede (Tom): I thought you bought them?
Nokri (Marisa): tom instantly drops everything and goes into hiding
Bill: Pretty sure I got them from a torrent somewhere.
Bill: I don't even remember.
Elfriede (Tom): Oh , I thought you said you bought the PDF series via Amazon
Elfriede (Tom): Or something
Nokri (Marisa): jess hide yo husband he's a criminal now
Bill: Nope.
Elfriede (Tom): Now I **have** to by the series
Elfriede (Tom): Must support this beautiful author
Aldus (Jess): BABE THERE ARE 41 GAME ON YOUR WISH LIST PLEASE
Elfriede (Tom): :3
Aldus (Jess): 😭
Elfriede (Tom): Just ask Jared for help
Elfriede (Tom): On which game if you wanna get me a game
Bill: I'd remember dealing with all the DRM from Amazon. It's miserable, I bought the book why can't I read in the app of my choosing?
Bill: ~~Buy him Grimm Eclipse again`~
Elfriede (Tom): Tekken dlc comes out the 6th
Elfriede (Tom): It'll be like 20 bucks or something
Nokri (Marisa): omg another student brought up undertale the other day. he was like "i know undertale. i know........................." long silent pause "sans."
Aldus (Jess): LMAO
Nokri (Marisa): me: that's nice
Nokri (Marisa): then like 5 minutes later after we moved on he was like "papyrus"
Nokri (Marisa): when will undertale be confirmed for smash
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao
Elfriede (Tom): Everyone knows the skelebros
Nokri (Marisa): xiaxi stone cold
Aldus (Jess): ~~hot topic has new MM merchandise, fuck me up fam~~
Bill: Too bad your birthday already passed.
Aldus (Jess): now we wait patiently for everything to go on clearance 👌
Aldus (Jess): Christmas is in like 4 months!
Elfriede (Tom): What the fuck
Aldus (Jess): LMFAO
Nokri (Marisa): halo holo
Nokri (Marisa): moving the macross talk here because that whole scene was insane. an idol concert at Alcatraz so they could break out another idol from the prison. the main guy is dressed in gothic loli drag and klan is dressed as a character from the 80s for no reason in particular.
Nokri (Marisa): alto just FLYIN THROUGH THE AIR in goth loli drag followed by fireworks over a crowd of prisoners. nbd
Aldus (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): OMG ITS SO TRU THO
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): OMG IVE SEEN THAT ONE WITH SAERAN TOO
Nokri (Marisa): WHAT
Nokri (Marisa): SAERAN NO
Aldus (Jess): like ray is the top and suit saeran is the bottom
Nokri (Marisa): baby boy no
Aldus (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): lmao
Aldus (Jess): ~~i love those fake chatroom things so much~~
Nokri (Marisa): sometimes they're really out of character and a stretch but sometimes people get it juuuuust right 👌
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): ~~i love any mystic meme anytime of anyday~~
Aldus (Jess): Who did this?
Nokri (Marisa): Someone with very conflicting tastes
Aldus (Jess): y they do this
Aldus (Jess): now im ten pages deep in searan memes trying to find the one
Aldus (Jess): https://pm1.narvii.com/6517/1d75050295a26bbcb2184e94b26e9f858b9afb60_hq.jpg
