Elfriede (Tom): Justin dropped me this trailer https://otakumode.com/news/5b67f0f92bd89f4c34beb29a/Code-Geass-Original-Movie-Sequel-to-Premiere-in-2019!
Elfriede (Tom): movie sequel feb 2019
Elfriede (Tom): i wonder the date, ill kill them if it conflict with katsu
Elfriede (Tom): if they even do showings here
Elfriede (Tom): they better
Elfriede (Tom): they prob wont
Elfriede (Tom): QQ
Elfriede (Tom): yeah i figure the movie will need to be released and translated, idk how that'll roll out
Nokri (Marisa): OH NO WHO'S READING NORAGAMI
Aldus (Jess): Me! But I'm not up to date
Nokri (Marisa): new chapter's out <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus (Jess): Oooooo but you said oh no and now I am scare
Nokri (Marisa): it's fine. everything is fine.
Aldus (Jess): Sounds fake but ok
Aldus (Jess): OMG did saeran just really cuz off all my access to the RFA I'mma kick his butt
Nokri (Marisa): owo
Aldus (Jess): ~~except not cuz that would probably just make things worse~~
Nokri (Marisa): did you see the main screen where all the profiles are usually at?
Aldus (Jess): Looks normal rn 😮
Aldus (Jess): Maybe with next chat
Nokri (Marisa): ooo ye maybe next chat
Nokri (Marisa): did seven call?
Aldus (Jess): YEET it glitch
Aldus (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): don't forget "hang in there jaehee" and weird business plans
Aldus (Jess): Oooo so true
Nokri (Marisa): and "kkhafhahhh my phone is hstkghuhhhh breaking uh ahgusngfad i can't hear you bye"
Aldus (Jess): Also wtf zen
Nokri (Marisa): *zen shut up*
Aldus (Jess): DAMNIT ZEN ily but for real?
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): still a classic
Nokri (Marisa): it's neat to see them having one actual conversation. everything else about them is drama and "they used to be the perfect couple" but we never actually see that
Aldus (Jess): Instant classic
Aldus (Jess): Yea! That's how I saw it too. Like oooo ok they actually we're normal at one point ok
Nokri (Marisa): https://78.media.tumblr.com/25833150f5d6e3b7da189c1a839d70e3/tumblr_pd2526EITe1t2sdbno6_250.gif
Nokri (Marisa): aww sweet. black butler x jaehee crossover
Nokri (Marisa): *jumin hantomhive*
Aldus (Jess): Ooo shit
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): how does MC get invited to this cash party
Aldus (Jess): Sign me up
Aldus (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): they'll fall right into your arms. foolproof.
Aldus (Jess): You thought was MM but it was actually RWBY for once
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): Lmaoooo I love that meme
Nokri (Marisa): if seven didn't have the messenger to hide behind
Aldus (Jess): Sounds about right
Aldus (Jess): I hate this game Saeran's like "hey I'm bored, what should we play" and you can suggest "roll play" like don't tempt me game
Nokri (Marisa): :3c
Nokri (Marisa): do it
Nokri (Marisa): pick that option
Aldus (Jess): Ok I will trust you
Aldus (Jess): Omg lmao
Nokri (Marisa): laughter??
Aldus (Jess): What a troll
Aldus (Jess): He even changed his name
Nokri (Marisa): he was roleplaying he was staying in character how fun
Aldus (Jess): Ah yes "fun" he changed his emojis too what a butt
Nokri (Marisa): hee hee ha ha hoo hoo
Aldus (Jess): Omg I wanna give the sarcastic "cuz I'm an airhead" answer
Nokri (Marisa): ur better than that!
Aldus (Jess): Oh wow I can't wait to talk to all my friends!
Aldus (Jess): There's... Saeran and .... Oh
Nokri (Marisa): there he is. your friend. there for you.
Nokri (Marisa): all the UFO things are so depressing now ugu
Nokri (Marisa): except one but spoilers
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): *kids can you lighten up a little*
Aldus (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus (Jess): ~~this isn't Vs route silly boy~~
Nokri (Marisa): furry language class
Nokri (Marisa): angel beats and charlotte collab stuff is gonna be sold at comiket
Nokri (Marisa): stores are adjusting their hours for comiket and the trains have a special schedule. wow
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): *slams yes button*
Elfriede (Tom): Gey
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): when you pick the realistic answers about sleeping
Aldus (Jess): Your sorry?! Well sorrys not gonna cut it!
Nokri (Marisa): >has a stack of like 50 books to read
*there's nothing to read UGH*
Elfriede (Tom): OOPH
Aldus (Jess): ~~i am the strongest is such a fucking jam~~
Nokri (Marisa): RIGHT/!!?????!????
Aldus (Jess): like im not even a soundtrack person but like 👌
Aldus (Jess): theres like a more synthy version too? i got is last night i think in one of the vns or something
Nokri (Marisa): yee there are different instrumental versions, i noticed the main menu song is a little different too now that it's glitchy. it's a little slower
Aldus (Jess): YEA i noticed that on vs route
Aldus (Jess): endless struggles amazing too
Nokri (Marisa): ray just has really jammin' music
Aldus (Jess): RIGHT?! like DANG
Aldus (Jess): between this and the nier soundtrack i could cry for days
Aldus (Jess): MM sound track on vynl when
Aldus (Jess): damn i coulda had MM songs in my wedding
Aldus (Jess): that would have been amazing no one would no they were just classical songs
Nokri (Marisa): i was at a wedding once and they started playing You Raise Me Up and me being trash didn't know it was a song before it was used in anime so i was freaking out
Aldus (Jess): Another route soundtrack on collectors vinyl when?
Aldus (Jess): OMG lmao
Aldus (Jess): OMG im listeing to the songs on youtube and its like Also recommended: all MM and Nier Automata lmao
Nokri (Marisa): *they know*
Aldus (Jess): *did you wanna feel things?*
Aldus (Jess): melody of the blue roses is p. good too dang
Aldus (Jess): i know the songs but not the names
Aldus (Jess): so now im like THATS WHAT ITS CALLED?!
Nokri (Marisa): or when you hear a good song
and you forget its name
and you can never find it again 😭
Aldus (Jess): riparino
Nokri (Marisa): like this song i finally found again after eternity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ir6Zxv9etkI
Nokri (Marisa): THAT REMINDS ME
THERE WAS A SONG I'D LISTEN TO HERE
BUT I COULDN'T FIND IT IN THE US SO I FIGURED IT WAS REGION LOCKED ON YOUTUBE
I GOTTA FIND IT AGAIN
Aldus (Jess): oo what dis form?
Nokri (Marisa): it's from karakai jouzu no takagi-san, original singer is a girl but that show has nice theme songs
Aldus (Jess): its pretty jammin
Nokri (Marisa): no i still can't find that song 😭 maybe they deleted it. i can find the song but the version i like had a girl singer.
Aldus (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): GOOD MEME
Aldus (Jess): i edited the OG but i had too do it
Elfriede (Tom): 4b0070d9ab18172e3170eaf32f39427f.jpg
Elfriede (Tom): Explain this
Nokri (Marisa): elizabeth. finally.
Elfriede (Tom): Todja
Elfriede (Tom): Elizabeth for biggest boobs
Aldus (Jess): OMG IS THAT WHO IT IS?!
Bill: who dis?
Nokri (Marisa): ye that's legit elizabeth fanart
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.facebook.com/pg/mari945/photos/?tab=album&album_id=1822568741292552
Aldus (Jess): https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0cW9zFci9i8/hqdefault.jpg
Bill: *Oh* that Elizabeth.
Aldus (Jess): looks just like her
Aldus (Jess): when you make art of the cat before jaehee XD
Aldus (Jess): oh ive seent he v one on tumbr damn that ones really good
Nokri (Marisa): i just burnt the front of my mari wig and it looks much better. now i just need to find talcum powder for it
Aldus (Jess): burnt D:
Nokri (Marisa): i wanted to burn it! ~~i've burnt so many wigs rip~~ it makes the bangs poofier
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't do it too much but just a tad
Elfriede (Tom): Need those poofy bangs for cc
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Aldus (Jess): i wish i could pay piano just to play these songs omg XD
Nokri (Marisa): *same*
regret. i can play two songs.
Nokri (Marisa): and these songs don't adapt well to flute <:rip:369476083248267274>
but i could play the main mystic mess theme on flute
Aldus (Jess): concept: you on violin as ray, me one piano as edgelord saeran
Aldus (Jess): OH THAT SO COOL
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH WE GOTTA THAT
Nokri (Marisa): KATSUCON HAS A PIANO
Aldus (Jess): at least for the pic yo 👌
Nokri (Marisa): we used to have a piano aaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): lets go back about 10 years in time
Nokri (Marisa): actually i wonder how we got rid of it or if it got thrown out. hmm.
Aldus (Jess): zenkai has a piano too but you can no touchy
Nokri (Marisa): really? :0
where that?
Aldus (Jess): it was in the the place with all the seating when you walk into the hotel
Nokri (Marisa): really?????
i never noticed it oops
Bill: people were touching it.
Aldus (Jess): yea buy im a good kid
Aldus (Jess): where is katsus piano?
Nokri (Marisa): in the bar area under the gazebo above the atrium level
Aldus (Jess): ooo nice
Nokri (Marisa): there's one touhou cosplayer that brings their own piano every year. a keyboard around their neck they carry
Aldus (Jess): omg
Nokri (Marisa): i'm trying to find pics but i keep finding homestuck bunny girl cosplayers instead
Aldus (Jess): ill prob pull of suit boi saeran better then unkown since my chubby arm wont have to show
Nokri (Marisa): u mean your radical arm pecs
Aldus (Jess): ... suuuure lmao
Aldus (Jess): if tom agrees we could do three version of saeran for katsu
Nokri (Marisa): TOM
Nokri (Marisa): WE CAN BE THREE SAD MENTALLY DAMAGED BOYS IN A POD
Aldus (Jess): toms build is much more searan-y than mine ~~obviously~~
Nokri (Marisa): i wish i could wear contacts ahhhh
*photoshop my eyes*
Nokri (Marisa): we have to recreate this image
Aldus (Jess): YES
Aldus (Jess): i never know weather to wear contacts for him or not cuz my eyes are light green, if i put my blueish contacts in they looks a little too blue?? idk maybe i cant find something better by then
Nokri (Marisa): oooo das nice. i know next to nothing about contacts other than pain, so natural eyes would be fine ya?
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): 😭
Aldus (Jess): tom cant do contacts as of yet either
Aldus (Jess): id liek to find something more vibrant like my seven contacts but in mint blue/green
Nokri (Marisa): i like seeing ancient relics from the past, before another story
Nokri (Marisa): ye, i've seen contacts getting a lot brighter but i dunno any good online shops for them
Aldus (Jess): ":never gonna happen" <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): YEA there are alot of great oprion, but not if have astigmatism
Aldus (Jess): my seven contacts dont even correct my astimatism but i dont have the persription to re-order them with
Nokri (Marisa): i can get ray's pants on amazon to save time, and i can use haine's black vest once i buy haine, so all i really have to make is the cravat and suit and flower. 
amazon doesn't have MC's sweater for mega casual cosplay/notcosplay. they have really close but it's got long sleeves smh
Bill: Doesn't MC have sweater paws?
Aldus (Jess): na she wears a black long sleve shirt and a mid sleeve beige sweater over it
Aldus (Jess): i think
Nokri (Marisa): ye the beige sweater thing is short sleeved
Bill: but sweater paws are adorable./
Nokri (Marisa): it's long sleeved in jumin's after story. dang it jumin.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): she has alot of oufits
Aldus (Jess): its a different color there too
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): yee
Aldus (Jess): mc why u so cold
Nokri (Marisa): fashionista mc
Aldus (Jess): so many sweater
Aldus (Jess): the v route outfit is cute af
Nokri (Marisa): except if this happens lol
Aldus (Jess): he confuse
Nokri (Marisa): [takes off my glasses] it's an MC cosplay
Nokri (Marisa): otherwise i'll stick with jaehee and ray
Aldus (Jess): ray route dress is nice too
Nokri (Marisa): ye the black one
Aldus (Jess): ray is gonna be lit
Aldus (Jess): i havent seen a ray cosplay yet i dont think
Nokri (Marisa): i've seen online images they're so good
Nokri (Marisa): MC has a different outfit at each party, i think too
Nokri (Marisa): obviously jumin's pretty blue dress
Nokri (Marisa): yoosung's
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: damn, that pretty.
Bill: Why MC so pretty.
Aldus (Jess): yup yup
Aldus (Jess): in zens route there 2 depending on good end or normal
Nokri (Marisa): orly? that's neat
Nokri (Marisa): good dress vs bad dress
Nokri (Marisa): seven's valentines day has two endings but the dresses are the same. just spicy and sweet.
Nokri (Marisa): dis is cute
Aldus (Jess): i like baseball tee mc 
https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/mystic-messenger/images/1/1b/Jumin26.JPG/revision/latest?cb=20160911195451
Aldus (Jess): she relax
Nokri (Marisa): yeah especially in jumin's route!!!! she could be wearing diamonds but naw
Bill: *same*
Aldus (Jess): YEA she lke "imma chill in this big ol pent house"
Aldus (Jess): blast some music and sock slide all the way down the penthouse
Bill: baseball T's are cute as fuck.
Nokri (Marisa): the princess diaries pajama party but MC instead
Nokri (Marisa): cheritz please give us an RFA pajama party. and not like, seven is staying at your house because of a bomb or you're at zen's house but *the whole RFA*
Aldus (Jess): jumin was the kabedon master before saerran stepped on the scene
Aldus (Jess): YEA SLUMBER PARTY
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna wear nice dresses. maybe i'll buy one in ikebukuro tomorrow if they aren't expensive. tokyo girls wear really nice clothes but they so costly, and i have a nice dress but it's part of cosplay and i don't want to mess it up oops
Bill: you be *beautiful* girl. 👌
Nokri (Marisa): that's why cosplay is great. you can be a purple bearded man and no one cares man you do you
Nokri (Marisa): i'll be the best mephisto i'm gonna make his goatee
Aldus (Jess): YES MEPHISTO
Nokri (Marisa): i got his whole outfit for like $5 minus the leggings and wig and shoes
http://31.media.tumblr.com/5241285284462a0b058bfe8536b00e4f/tumblr_mqczy7U8w91rlb0d2o1_500.gif
Aldus (Jess): ~~at least jumin immediate apologizes for hi kabedon~~
Aldus (Jess): NICUUUU
Nokri (Marisa): yoosung too embarassed to kabedon
Aldus (Jess): prob
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): does seven kabedon?
Nokri (Marisa): u know he'd do it
Nokri (Marisa): man anime USA is always insane. last time i went there was a dealers lady yelling at her kid.
Aldus (Jess): dang
Aldus (Jess): lmao the rest of the rfa in the back like "lol"
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): NUUUU D:
Aldus (Jess): i love his stupid rat tail
Nokri (Marisa): do u like kija's hair too
Aldus (Jess): ye
Aldus (Jess): i wouldn't like it irl but anime is magic
Nokri (Marisa): i'm so glad comiket is this weekend i miss cons
even if it's during a hurricane and there will be a literal cloud of sweat inside
Aldus (Jess): Whoooo!
Nokri (Marisa): and it just looks like this
Nokri (Marisa): but more hentai
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Nokri (Marisa): there's only one booth i really really want to buy from, and i don't think they'll sell out (i hope they don't). my plan so far is gonna be to just roam around friday and take pictures (or cosplay sheryl if i find a good wig tomorrow at the secondhand store), then cosplay saturday and sunday. sunday is the group cosplay but i thiiiink we're allowed to cosplay in the market area? so i can just run and buy the new book and then go back outside into the hurricane
Nokri (Marisa): con crunch is real in japan too i see pictures of people sewing
Aldus (Jess): oh wow that osunds complicated
Nokri (Marisa): oh also the trains are horrifying. here's what the first few trains look like when they arrive at the station
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AECPKioBi18
Aldus (Jess): oh no
Nokri (Marisa): *gotta go fast for comics*
Nokri (Marisa): an evolution of voltron doujin!! i want it.
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Nokri (Marisa): I FORGOT TODAY'S THE LAST DAY OF CHATS
Nokri (Marisa): AA
Nokri (Marisa): gotta get the chats and then bed
Aldus (Jess): ye D:
Nokri (Marisa): OH MY GOD
Nokri (Marisa): OH MY GOD
Aldus (Jess): oh boy
Aldus (Jess): what is it
Nokri (Marisa): IT'S AMAZING
Aldus (Jess): !?!??
Nokri (Marisa): IT KEEPS GETTING BETTER
Aldus (Jess): ya killin me
Nokri (Marisa): do u wanna know
Nokri (Marisa): it continues one of the chats from yesterday did you see all the chats
Aldus (Jess): NO only shark fin one
Nokri (Marisa): GIRL GET THOSE CHATS
Nokri (Marisa): HOLY TFIRCDOKNHEGY
Nokri (Marisa): CHERITZ
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): HOLY SHIT
Aldus (Jess): makes up for those one you spent yesterday by alot
Aldus (Jess): i just keep getting shark boi
Nokri (Marisa): SHARK BOY HOO HAHA
Nokri (Marisa): i'm losing it over here
Aldus (Jess): over the hourglasses or the hats?
Nokri (Marisa): ***BOTH***
Nokri (Marisa): that uh. that edit didn't fix it <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): hng i wanna know
Aldus (Jess): lmao i know XD
Nokri (Marisa): lemme reset a few more times for the third chat to see if it's any better
Nokri (Marisa): GOT IT
Aldus (Jess): WAS THE CHAT BAD OR GOOD?
Nokri (Marisa): I HAVE PICTURES
Nokri (Marisa): MY CAPS LOCK IS ON AND IS NOT GOING OFF
Aldus (Jess): no no no i wanna wait D:
Aldus (Jess): but i dont but i do
Nokri (Marisa): ohnMYGOSH JESS HURRY UP AND GET TO AUGUST 8TH
Aldus (Jess): i got glow in dark undies chat
Nokri (Marisa): FRICK I DIDN'T GET A SCREENSHOT OF THE END OF THE CHAT I WAS LAUGHING TOO HARD
Aldus (Jess): ive reset this app liek 10 times now
Nokri (Marisa): u need one more
Nokri (Marisa): it's a good one
Nokri (Marisa): it's the one they reference today
Nokri (Marisa): i got the end of the chat heehehehehehe
Aldus (Jess): IS IT VANDERWOOD?
Aldus (Jess): it gotta be
Aldus (Jess): its either vanderwood or mary vanderwood the 3rd
Aldus (Jess): or whatever his/her name is
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i can post spoils if you want~~
Aldus (Jess): NOOOO dsiigjigjiw
Nokri (Marisa): today's chats are so good. so good.
Aldus (Jess): hyppee
Nokri (Marisa): grfedwdfkl i'm going to bed so time goes faster and you can get them faster <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): night night!
Nokri (Marisa): best of luck with that last chat
