No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Yamazaki is really on a gender bending roll
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Damn I don't recognize any this time
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): The right two might be manga only
But the left is Alice and her teacher (Chise’s friend sometimes enemy and another mage apprentice)
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Hmm Alice...
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Why don't I remember her
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Hhhh
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Ohhh
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): They were specified as the other mage
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Whatever they called em
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Sorcerers
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Yeah!!
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I remember them by face I had forgotten both of their names
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Damn
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Smol Elias erased my memories of all prior characters
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): He was too cute
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Valid. He is powerful.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): And the white hair Elias?
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): He never said in the anime who he was mimicing
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Oh it’s some random dude he saw once several hundred years ago or something
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Lmao ofc
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Tomorrow
I’m psyched
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): AHH it's tomorrow!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Have fun! Tell me all about it!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): im v nervous owo
I'm still not sure what it's about. I know the name of it and I thiiiink i read somewhere it is a recap? *but we'll see*
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the different voices are gonna throw me off oh no i'm not gonna know who's talking if I can't recognize their anime voices
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): from what I can tell on Twitter, this is the Yoon's first big-name play? like his major debut.
and everyone is FLIPPING OUT over shin-ah's actor calling him adorable and saying "if you go in without having a favorite actor you're gonna love shin-ah"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): a bunch of bigwigs from the anime industry were given tickets to the first performance the other day
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo!
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Oooo! Das neeto, have fun!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): leaking your plans for aurii I see
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hey biru make me admin for a sec
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Hooky is back from hiatus!! thank goodness cuz that's like the only webtoon that makes me feel anything
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i hated monica in the beginning of the comic but i love her now she the best
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): instagwam
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Instagwam. It's that I love yoo? I haven't read the update yet
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OwO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~oh you can tell in the URL oops i was tryna keep it a secret~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I could actually tell from font and that little bit of hair 😂
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): but that's not kousuke ;3c
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OwO. The style is still the same as that artist tho it was mostly context clues too like the fact the everything has a W in that comic and I know it updated today
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): instagwam uwu
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wamwug
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wac
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wac Donald's
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i wuv woo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that's a cheat code in age of mythology
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omg 😂
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it summons a purple flying hippo with a top hat that shoots rainbows
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): That's amazing 😱
Bill: oh wow I remember that.
Bill: I'm watching the second season of Seven Deadly Sins since it on netflix...
Bill: Meliodas does way more molesting than I remember and it's like, ooc, annoying, and excessive...
Bill: And they introduced a concept of 'power levels' so now every other conversation involves someone talking about someone else's number.
Bill: I liked the first season damnit.
Bill: So like. They’re doing a fighting tournament arc. And instead of sitting on the side lines, the non combatant girlfriends of the main characters got paired off... and they basically gossip through their fight (they haven’t meet before) and son.
Bill: Then the guys accidentally win their match while arguing whose girlfriend is best.
