Total Nok-out (Marisa): IT 
IS
ABOUT
TIIIIIME
Total Nok-out (Marisa): THE MANGA WAS SO POPULAR I KNEW IT HAD TO GET AN ANKME EVENTJAKLY
Total Nok-out (Marisa): AaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAA
Total Nok-out (Marisa): oh anime not confirmed but it's 'on course' for one
Total Nok-out (Marisa): so that means. maybe. *maybe.*
Total Nok-out (Marisa): but the manga is popular enough that it's sold out at most secondhand stores and they pay a premium for it
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): basically, "we're negotiating for an anime now so please pray for us"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Owo what's this
Total Nok-out (Marisa): the next magazine comes out on the 28th it should have some more info ya?
IT"S GREAT
Total Nok-out (Marisa): it's gonna be my masterpiece for katsucon hopefully
Total Nok-out (Marisa): it's called Otome Game no Hametsu Flag shika nai akuryaku reijou ni tensei shimatta
Total Nok-out (Marisa): it's about a girl named Katarina who bumps her head and remembers her past life as a japanese high schooler, and realizes she's living her new life and the villain/rival of the last dating game she played in her past life
Total Nok-out (Marisa): all endings of the game end with her being either exiled from the country and homeless, or sentenced to death/killed. she doesn't want that so her entire life becomes built around avoiding these endings.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh whoa
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i recommend it after yona <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): in trying to avoid being killed, everyone falls in love with her. everyone. every single person.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): and they're all super passive aggressive about it
Total Nok-out (Marisa): all this new art *and there still aren't any good reference images of her skirt*
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yo the new novel cover looks so good though it's halloween themed
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): oof i hope it isn't sold out by tomorrow
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~gotta fight going out today and buying it hhhhhhh~~
apparently it's the same thing just a special cover. ~~i'm gonna buy both aetsuryditjyhg~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Total Nok-out (Marisa): AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): this liveblog is really funny
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Bill: ACCURATE
Bill: ‘“He’d have more potential if his personality wasn’t a train wreck that just kept crashing.”‘
Bill: This fic has some great lines.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): is that about bakugo
Bill: Bingo.
Bill: ~~or is it~~
Bill: `“Bakugou’s expression was doing an interesting dance between irritable scowling and begrudging respect. It was like he wanted to be angry but was reconsidering things on the fly and hated that he was reconsidering things so he was angry about that. He seemed conflicted.

 

Or maybe he had to poop.”`
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Accurate yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that picture of uraraka is nokri
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "Are you a rich girl, Afina!?"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): she's being retro and cool. a trendsetter. u go girl.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): [tears up] *you go girl*
Bill: Isn't the flip phone still common over there?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): mostly among salarymen from what i've seen
Total Nok-out (Marisa): they do have a lot of really advanced flip phones though, that can use apps and whatnot
Bill: I've seen at least one from Korea that's a full android device in the flip phone model.
Bill: I miss that design tbh.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i miss being able to hang 90 keychains from your phone and also charging while listening to music
Total Nok-out (Marisa): oh neat
https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2018-10-22/the-royal-tutor-manga-gets-2nd-stage-musical-in-april-2019/.138468
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): y is this webcomic so screencappable?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG NOW SHES DRUNK and tell the boys' dad hes "hot as fuck but old"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH NO i dont think shes drunk
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no she drugged
Total Nok-out (Marisa): hashtag save shin-ai
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Mrs Hirahara is fucked up man
Total Nok-out (Marisa): SERIOUSLY
Total Nok-out (Marisa): what a thot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): shin-ae cracks me up too cuz shes like "these boys aint hot" "but theyre parents who look just like them are"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): you read True Beauty too right?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): the main character of that is like "how shin-ae sees me" vs "how the rest of the world sees me"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): true beauty main character is too relatable XD
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): kousuke has permanent scowl, when will he bless us with a smile
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what is this sorcery
Bill: There's an airing anime about Archery owo
Bill: ~~it's apparently archery free~~
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Nani
Bill: Tsurune I think was the name. I downloaded the first ep remotely.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): welp i only have to chapters till im caught up on I Love Yoo. I have a lofe i swear
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this shit dont update till friday? rip me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *Reopens noragami*
ah yes i have missed you
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): time to live blog noragami opps
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG there at hiyoris gramma's house and hiyoris old ass gramma just got up and fucking shot at yato with an arrow like "hiyori you hanging out with some bad ju-ju"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "Begone Thot"
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: 👌 👌 👌 👌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): now shes asking yukine why he hangs out with yato cuz hes "too pure for that"
Bill: You can tell it’s a young audience writing the Bnha fanfic... Lots of mental health talk. Granted, I’m only 2 in.
Bill: ~~I had to filter a few when I saw the bakugo kiri tags~~
Bill: I just do not get that. Or... a majority of the ships for bnha.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean I get why people shit it I just don't think bakugo should date anyone 😂
Bill: Also the sheer amount of hugging shows they don’t realize Japanese people don’t do physical contact much.
Bill: Why is everyone gay?
Bill: That’s two finished...
Bill: 3 down. I should probably just read the manga, but lol.
Bill: In fanfic trash.
Andrew: 
