Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YES TODOROKI IS BEST BOI
Bill: Deku is pretty great now that he doesn’t cry all the time.
Bill: ~~I still can’t hate Bakugo cause he’s a salty boi~~
Bill: Also Bakugo Deku V All Might was a disappointing fight.
Bill: Has Kaminari ever used less than a million volts?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🤔
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): I love yoooooo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea! I started reading it at work today, you've read it?
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Yeah! I read the new chapter yesterday while waiting for Hooky to update :3c
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooooo yea I'm on like chapter 13? Maybe 😂
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): The q tip vs nol shippers are strong
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Of course
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~arnt they brothers? Half brothers?~~
Bill: Deku: breaks both arms in fight
Urararaka: gets stabbed with a needle

Deku: fight scene lasts entire episode
Urararaka: 2 minute fight, one combat move performed.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Ye they’re hhhhalf brothers maybe?
Definitely related. 

Urarakas combat move had everyone flipping out unless I’m thinking of another episode
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): They don’t ship them together they ship shin-ae
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH OK that's ok
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Qtio confused me as of right now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): RIO German guy
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Shin-ae was really funny in the recent chapter I think she’s lost her mind finally
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): RIP Shin-ae
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): The salt is breathable
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Savage
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Do you read other webtoons?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Im reading true beauty I just made an account a few days ago
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm hoping to read more
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): ~~read e v e r y t h i n g~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): E v e r y t h i n g ?
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): ***e v e r y t h i n g***
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Let’s Play is drawn by the girl who made markiplier’s channel banner and it’s based around professional you tubers if you watch any
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I do not 😮
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): don’t forget to like comment and subscribe
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): 
Bill: Endeavor is just adult Bakugo.
Bill: Shit Suu is also a good bean.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Nn... No one I hope
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): This image is illegal
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): The artist was arrested the moment they thought of it
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: wut deez say 😏
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: I think they uploaded backwards oops
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): o so is the one that says "modotta" at the top the first one? :0
is there more to the comic because that seems like something should come before it
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): 2nd image:

modotta --> returned / turned back
Bakugo "Our quirks returned / changed back... But the costumes stayed as they are." "Anyway, even the underwear on this..."
Momo: "Bakugou-san!"
Bakugou: "Why you... what did you do!?" "Don't touch me!"
Momo: "But my chest!"
Bakugou: "Chest... Chesttt!?"
Bill: Deku is an idiot.
Bill: He gets support items to take strain off his arms when using one for all. Because without them he breaks his bones.
Bill: His solution?
Bill: He’ll start using his UNARMORED legs.
Bill: Which he has to have worked out less with.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): First image:
Momo: "Later, in my room. Because people will give you dirty looks." ??? this makes little sense, i think context is missing
 "Since you shouldn't be showing so much skin in such a place..." 
Bakugou: "Oh..." 
Momo: "Oh...?" "For now please wear this"
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): can't break your arms if you use your legs 🤔
Bill: Oh wait he got armor shoes.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): 
Bill: Every woman in BNHA faced with a problem: *what would Todoroki/Deku do?*
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Yeah there's prob comic stuff missing
Bill: Well. Seen all of BNHA now.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whooo
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: 🙌
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: <:mew_face:498866691963355137>
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Yo I haven't moved since breakfast
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Ughhh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Mood
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Ao with a mustache is a mood
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: "Yoon be my bride." Some pirate dude with normal colored hair cuz hes not a main cast member.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Still can’t believe that yoon is basically the only girl in the anime aside from Yona
Bill: ~~Still can't believe that Klein is basically the only guy in the anime asides from Kirito~~
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): I should finish yoon I have all the materials I just need to sew. A good Sunday costume. 
What about Death Gun™
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "we need someone to inflitrate the human trafficking ring but they're only gonna let you in if you as beautiful a woman as Yona" 
Hak, Jaeha, and Kija:
"Hello?"
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Also Kirito doesn’t count as a guy if he was a girl for part of season two
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Old lady: "no"
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): KIJA TRIED HIS BEST
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): HE DID
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): His big hand ruined it for him
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): 
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): yaoi hand
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): In the novel they’re all stuck in a cave while it rains and they basically have a girls slumber party and start talking about love and Yona is like “hey guys whatcha doin” and Hak is like “ok discussion OVER” and everyone else is like “yeah it’s a guy thing Yona you wouldn’t understand”
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmaooo
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Jaeha is the older brother with life experience so everyone is like “give it to us straight jaeha” and he gets flattered yet overwhelmed with pressure
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): ~~are you still watching Yona
Yona liveblog~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm stopping to go pick up some food but will continue when I'm home
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Disregard subsistence to consume anime at a faster rate
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But mawisa if I die of malnutrition I cannot consume anime
Bill: https://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-news/2018/10/19/high-school-girls-are-5-times-the-trouble-in-the-quintessential-quintuplets-tv-anime ~~They aren't identical at all.~~
Bill: ```The main cast, the main staff, and a new key visual have been revealed for The Quintessential Quintuplets (known in Japan as Gotoubun no Hanayome), an upcoming TV anime based on the romantic comedy manga by Negi Haruba about a young man who gets way more than he bargained for when he's assigned to tutor 5 identical quintuplet sisters with very different personalities.```
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Is that the series about oh yeah that’s it’s. They look identical in the manga aside from their hair
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Same face syndrome
Bill: ~~so it's every other anime~~
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Their hair should be more pink though
Bill: OH so Mawisa. Curious if you have an idea what the difference is between Naruto getting greenlit for 'indefinitely as long as we have material' and BNHA getting standard seasons.
Bill: I'm wondering why they haven't greenlit BNHA for the shounen weekly type.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Hm? I’m almost to the train so I’ll think about it and then type when I get there but can you elaborate
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): I have a guess
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Omg train is packed what the fudge
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): I’ll try to type one handed while also not falling
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *win Pirate battle*
Green dragon: "too celebrate I will strop"
"Also, I'm bleeding"
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): So there are way less weekly anime that go into a billion episodes and a lot of contributing factors to their decline. The only ones I can think of that are still going are one piece, fairy tail, Pokémon, and precure. What am I missing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): SUWON what is he doing hereeee
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): SURPRISE!!!
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Suddenly suwon
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yona theme should be played at con raves
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): The budget for BNHA per episode higher than Naruto. They put a lot more care into the episodes.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): I’ve heard Yona at a rave once it was the best day of my life
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Like the todoroki/deku fight was big. That was intense and cost a lot and had a lot of stills that people were freaking out over for weeks.
Bill: True. Bones doesn't do weekly anime usually either.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omg this in intense now . Poor Yona
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): People nowadays are also fickle. Stuff fades in and out of popularity at the drop of a hat. It would be a disaster to green light an endless amount of episodes and then have it drop out of favor. Like sailor moon or osomatsu san (that was EVERHWHERE two years ago and now it turns out there’s a movie but no one is talking about it and all the osomatsu stuff is being sold dirt cheap in secondhand stores)
Bill: The trend has probably faded because of filler needed so they could animate fight scenes.
Bill: oof true true.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Yona stab him
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Just murder him
Bill: I've only seen one show really go beyond 3 seasons (Natsume Yuujinchou got 5 or 6) so I wonder how long BNHA will keep getting greenlights.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Ye. Attack on Titan should’ve kept going since the wait in between seasons also killed that off
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): She cri
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): They still do collabs but season three is barely discussed online from what I see
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): YONA DEAR
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): AND HE JUST LEAVES HER ON THE GRKUND I CANF BELIEVE HIN WHAT A BEAN
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Yona for endless episodes when
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): There was no new chapter yesterday I cry
Bill: what, you mean doing a 4 cour arc for Alicization over 2 years is a *bad idea*? *Noooonsense*
