I do what I want(tm): I wonder how ponyo feels about Sakura 🤔
I do what I want(tm): Cuz ya know
I do what I want(tm): Ponyo loves Sasuke
Bill: Never saw ponyo.
Bill: <@!351471675843411978>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): TRUTH
Bill: YEEE
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oh FUDGE
does daylight savings affect webtoons?? am i gonna have to wait another hour every day for webtoons to update aaaaaaaaaa
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): https://twitter.com/taesonly/status/1059166841778724864
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): what do they mean *was*
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): what do they mean *abandon*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Right!?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
daylight savings forces me to wait another hour for webtoons
torture
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oh none of my faves come out today anyway it's permissable i guess
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Down with daylight savings
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): working on jeopardy instead of homework
does senketsu from kill la kill count as a magical girl companion 🤔
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): omg jess and tom should cosplay full moon wo sagashite that would be adorable
~~i say you two because you're the only married couple cosplayers i know~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *googles*
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): they're gods of death but they wear cute ears so children aren't afraid when they come to kill them
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG amazing
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oo instead of the magical companions i'm gonna make another category for famous anime duos and put them there
Bill: ~~shit Tom and Jess would look great in those~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i have never seen/read this but i supprt tummy out tom
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I KNOW RIGHT i saw a cosplay of it and was like "wow is that tom and jess"
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): it's a good classic series. the anime is over 50 episodes but the manga goes much longer and the ending is pretty... interesting. not bad but who ends up with who is all over the place.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): who has a varied anime knowledge and wants to test out my trivia questions
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i have like 1/10 anime knowlegde rip
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): you wanna try? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): D: itll end horribly but sure 😂
Bill: I can answer things. They may be laced with salt.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i have 3 magical companion questions so far and I'm making up 3 duo questions
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): wait 4 magical companions
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): duo questions:
$100.) Looks like this duo is blasting off again at the speed of light
$300.) This wacky immortal duo loves to dress up during their heists, and are truly as thick as thieves

magical companions:
$100.) This trusty black cat was sent to Earth to find a lunar princess and her pretty magical soldiers
$200.) This hungry boy looks more like a small plush lion with wings than a legendary beast, especially when he's *clow*ning around.
$300.) Forming a contract with this emotionless creature will make you a magical girl, grant your wish, and generate energy for the universe. Sounds like a win-win.
$500.) This pet penguin can't control his pitch when singing, unlike the numerous princesses he supports.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i feel they might be too obvious
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i only know maaaybe one
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): watch moar animes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): which one do you know?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dou for 100
Bill: Jessie and James
Issac and Miria

Sailor moon cat (Luna?)
Kero-chan?
Kyuubey
I.... thought this one was Penpen from NGE, so no idea.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): SO CLOSE
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): all except the last one
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oo weapon would be a cool category
Bill: I wanna say princess tutu but I've never actually seen that.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): nah i wish. princess tutu is her own magical companion and she's a duck.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): think the little mermaid/sailor moon rip-off
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): this is why it's the $500 question
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): OH just thought of a good $400 one
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): was gonna do the wombat from bueibu but i've never seen that and don't want a strange description
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): dang differences in the english and japanese versions making my question invalid
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): should I YOLO it anyway and hope no one cares about the english dub <:lenny:395307171539189760>
I do what I want(tm): https://play.howstuffworks.com/quiz/which-my-hero-academia-character-are-you
I do what I want(tm): Everyone likes quizes right
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): YEAH
I do what I want(tm): I was surprised of.mine actually
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHO U GET
I do what I want(tm): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😍
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i got aizawa
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 14. Which of the students in class 1-A has the biggest chance of becoming a villain?
Mineta
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I got all might lmao
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): THE DREAM
Bill: ~~these questions are so obviously certain characters~~
Bill: Todoroki.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BEST BOI
Bill: > if you like killing people, Bakugo
> If you think your a loser, Deku
> Anyone else, Shouto.
Bill: I need quizzes on the quality level of like, Pokemon mystery dungeon.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): possible harem questions in no particular order

1.) This harem is obtained dating-game style, and if our protagonist doesn't woo his evil spirit-posessed targets, it's off with his head!

2.) The girls in this harem are all inter-species exchange students, living under one roof with their darling.

3.) The young teacher who stars in this harem just wants to become a powerful wizard, if he can survive all the girls in his class.

4.) The perverted protagonist of this anime is killed on his very first date. Don't worry, he's revived as the servant of his sexy senpai.

5.) Kisses galore in this school harem, where the protagonist may gain a new unique power each time he puckers up for a classmate. (Does this count as harem? I guess? This question is bad though I'll rethink it)
Bill: dating game style sounds ambigous, use dating sim or eroge.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): true. there are many variations of dating games.
Bill: ~~are 3 and 5 the same~~
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): nnnno? :0 is it??? it's been 100 years since i've seen or read #3
Bill: Jess did you want to play before I throw out answers?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): frick i forgot about the contract card stuffs in that one. hm.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah i have NO clue
Bill: World only god knows,
Darling in the Franxx or Monmusume?
Negima
DxD
Negima again?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): monmusu for #2 ya
#5 i was going for yamada (some sites listed it as a harem) but you're right, i'll scrap that and choose another one
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i haven't been able to watch franxx yet does that also follow the same plot. fudge.
Bill: using the word darling is a pretty big flag towards it.
Bill: I don't think they're actually interspecies though so?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I can use my backup harem then lets see.

but miia calls the protagonist darling in monmusu all the time. *daaaaaaaaling!!*
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i think each girl has a different way of calling him. darling, goshujin, danna, uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 5 again.) After failing to get into the college of his dreams and fulfilling his childhood promise, the protagonist of this harem winds up running a hotel full of feisty female occupants.
Bill: Love Hina.
Bill: That's an *old* one, might not get many hits.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): yeeee but it's *iconic*
these whippersnappers gotta learn
Bill: it is, but I mean. Not like it was good. It just defined harem genre.
Bill: *The SAO of another age*
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): that's a beautiful description
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oo there's enough idol anime for a music genre
Bill: Bundle the idols: throw a dozen idol headshots up and you have sort them into which series they're from.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ~~all idols have the same face tho~~
Bill: ~~that's why it's hard question~~
Bill: Or like, match the outfit to the idol show
Bill: or match the suicide weapon of choice for fans of each idol when they find out their perfect idol has had *sex*.
I do what I want(tm): Is that a thing
I do what I want(tm): Oof
Bill: Not suicide weapons, but fans have rioted over finding out that idols aren't perfect dolls who dance and shake their hands.
Bill: Idol culture is some of the most disgusting stuff I've ever seen.
I do what I want(tm): Yeah that's what I mena
I do what I want(tm): I'm not surprised but
I do what I want(tm): Like ofc they've had sex. Bruh
Bill: Idol agencies are quite literally selling these girls, tossing them out when the public doesn't care about them, heavily restricting what they're allowed to do all to preserve the perfect image of an idol.
Bill: It's fucked up.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 1.) This musical comedy features a broke trio growing radishes on the outskirts of Tokyo who just want to build their own concert dome.

2.) Rather than singing, the protagonist of this anime prefers to compose and support her hunky idol classmates from behind the scenes.

3.) The first animated iteration of this famous idol game featured its songstresses as mecha pilots. However, subsequent seasons put them back in the studio and on stage.

4.) Forming a school idol group worked well to prevent the school from permanently closing in this popular idol show.

5.)  While this idol series has had many generations over the last few decades, its most popular iteration features two pop singers supporting their favorite pilot boy in his fight against alien mechas. ~~Yak, deculture!~~
Bill: ,...
Bill: I have no clue.
Bill: 😭
Bill: I'm so proud of myself.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): for none of them? wow. you really despite aidoru
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): any other takers
Bill: I mean, I know Macross.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont watch idol animes D:
Bill: 3 might be...
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): there u go u got one
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): or majical girl animes D:
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): jess u poor thing
Bill: um...
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 😱
Bill: nah, it's not that one dating sim that had a twist ending as a post apocolyptic thing.
Bill: Mulove!
I do what I want(tm): Only magical girl show I watched was shugo chara
Bill: That one!
I do what I want(tm): And ive seen no idol ones
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oh yeah shugo chara!! i used to use a question from that on my last trivia games so i didn't use it this time. maybe i should.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): naw not mulove
Bill: I watched IM@S, AKB0048, and then I realized idols are the purest form of garbage.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i have no idea why the first anime of it was mecha but it is for some unknown purpose. the game has absolutely nothing to do with mechas
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): eyyy there it is
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): im@s
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
Bill: All i see is trash.
Bill: Marisa auto censors lewds, I auto censor idols.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): should i post answers
Bill: 
Bill: 
Dave: He's just not trying hard enough<:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: that's some *vigorous* goblin murderin.
Bill: 
