No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I got here early to buy the pamphlet but apparently I’m too hate hhh. Or at least for the presale of it? I really really hope I can still buy it. ;~;
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Like maybe after the show? I really hope uguuu I was literally 1 minute late. There’s a really cute girl here with Yona’s hair though she looks adorable.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Ok I should be able to after the show ya.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I’m surprised at the number of guys here. There are a lot. No couples, just groups of teenage girls or adult guys.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): They’ve got guys wandering around welcoming people to Hiryuu castle and asking people where they’re from I’m crackin up
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): There’s so many of them talking at once I can’t understand a thing anymore lol
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): TBIS IS AMAZIN
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ROCK MUSIC TO INTEO HAK
IM PRETTY SURE JAEHAI IS USING HIDDEN TRAMPOLINES BECAYSE DANG HE CAN JUMP
BEAUTKFUL YOON JOKES
SHINAH IS INCREDIBLY AWKWARD AND SUPER UNNECESSAILY DRAMATIC
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it’s the intermission and the transition into intermission was so dramatic what a cliffhanger
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): It’s a recap of the anime but some things are different. A little bit. Lines are lifted right from the anime but of course it’s condensed. The white and blue dragon conquests were done at the same time and the white dragon cult vibe was really good while the blue dragon deniers were super freaky and spot on
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): The girl next to me has tissues and some people have binoculars I should’ve been more prepared
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH and Ao’s lines are voiced by Shin-ah going “pukkyu” in a super deep voice
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Zeno keeps Naruto running off the stage
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Yona’s haircut was done right on stage and Jaeha and the extras can FLIP
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): King Il is surprisingly easy to understand while eating a ton of manju on stage so props to him. Gigan is perfect. Kija keeps striking random poses it’s so amazing.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I’m using this channel as a journal now to not forget things <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Taejun is just the right amount of pathetic and his soldiers are spot on. He orders them to persue and they’re like “dude you gotta come with us”
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OK KNTERMISSION IS ENDING
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Poor Zeno is stabbed like 9/10 times he shows up
The ending was subpar but still really well done with what they had to accomplish. Now they’re gonna do a short talk show.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Shin-ah straight up murdered a fish
They added to the cross dressing scene. I’m glad they did it but since they couldn’t change Kija into girls clothes they added some gags. Yun kisses Kumji on the nose to distract him lol
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): They only had time for two questions because they spent so much time thinking about what to eat
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Kija’s cape kept getting stuck on the chair owo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omg sounds like a good time. Glad you enjoyed it! ♥️
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): It starts right with Il’s murder. Like, first scene. Bam. Suwon is a murderer.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): How far into the manga did you get? Or are you caught up?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I wish it was socially acceptable to talk to strangers because the girl next to me was SO into it. You could tell she was a mega fan girl and that’s how I met Courtney.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): She brought tissues ready to cry at a Yona play like sign me up for that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): And binoculars just to zoom in
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Im at the drug town? I don't remember what it's called
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Tell the girl you are best friends now
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Drug Town Drug Town
Sei owo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Omg you can’t just talk to people that’s insane and socially unacceptable in japan
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NOOOooo 😭
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): The actors had so many flowers they spanned all four floors of the building
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): People send flowers to performances and they go all out like thousand dollar flower arrangements
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮😮😮😮
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Of course Shin-ah is popular and now I understand why
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): The little background interactions were great too, for characters who weren’t the focus but were still on stage
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG 💙
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I got the pamphlet and 5 bromides but they’re random so when I get home I wanna see who I got
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I had to take the long way home because I missed my stop and some kid was fortnight dancing on the pedestrian bridge BUT TIME TO OPEN THE RANDOM PICS
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 2 Tae-juns, 2 Haks, and a Su-won
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Dang yo the Hak and Zeno are younger than me and the rest of the actors are my age. What am I doing with my life.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Watching their play!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): GoFund me $1000 to see the rest of the showings
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): this was like exactly what I needed because all i've been doing the last few weeks is study and work. i'm gonna chill tonight and then do my paper tomorrow ~~there's a study group at 3 and people are begging me to come but I NEED to finish the paper and honestly i'm no good at study groups~~
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): This all sounds really cool but I'll have to read layerr
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I finished the last episode on BNHA while taking my dinner break
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I was like why does the dub of Tamaki sound so familiar
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _its Oscar pine_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Also Mirio is a fuckin riot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA I don't watch dub so can't confirm Oscar pine
