Nokri (Marisa): Cosplay bingo owo
Aldus (Jess): Cheritz survey be like "which mm character can you cosplay?"
And they were like "All"
Nokri (Marisa): echo girl and glam choi and sarah when
Aldus (Jess): OMG 😂
Nokri (Marisa): otakon art begins
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): Ooommmggg that's adorable
Aldus (Jess): I just found a pic of me and tom on Tumblr someone took!
Nokri (Marisa): WOO!
Nokri (Marisa): tumblr fame
Nokri (Marisa): *no*
Aldus (Jess): Yea!
Aldus (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): nO
Aldus (Jess): Whoa what is this
Nokri (Marisa): SEE ur famous
Nokri (Marisa): did i share this already
Elfriede (Tom): BIG UWU
Aldus (Jess): I don't think so 😮
Elfriede (Tom): Jahees big dick energy is too strong
Nokri (Marisa): it can't be stopped
Elfriede (Tom): v and 7 should be switched
Elfriede (Tom): calling it like it is
Elfriede (Tom): everything else works
Nokri (Marisa): is seven uwu enough though
i mean he started his own soda company just for kicks
he breaks into jumin's penthouse regularly
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): seven calls you trying to steal your credit card information even though he already has it, while V just calls to make sure you're alive
Aldus (Jess): TRUE
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): PLEASE omg that's perfect
Nokri (Marisa): UH
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): it's fluff time
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): Give all da fluff.
Aldus (Jess): I thrive on it
Nokri (Marisa): this looks like it could be canon it a nice pic
Aldus (Jess): Blu boi
Aldus (Jess): MC put your booty away
Nokri (Marisa): they swim
Nokri (Marisa): her top is defying gravity
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): "I'm not a model.... Oh wait yes I am"
Nokri (Marisa): "what a coincidence"
Nokri (Marisa): I FORGOT ABOUT THIS ONE IT'S GREAT
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): mm boudoir cosplays
pls no
Aldus (Jess): ~~where~~
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i'll put it in nsfw~~
Nokri (Marisa): OH NO A TO THE MOON CROSSOVER DON'T DO THIS TO ME
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): I thought I had found Homestuck mm crossover art before but that's not what it was
Aldus (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): hawaii shirts nice
Nokri (Marisa): i've definitely seen mm x homestuck. hm
Nokri (Marisa): i can't find it but meowrails
Elfriede (Tom): TO THE MOON
Elfriede (Tom): NO
Elfriede (Tom): AGHHHHH
Elfriede (Tom): HOW COULD THEY
Bill: Damnit the new season of voltron isn’t 7 episodes and I need to sleep half way through.
Bill: Fuck me.
Nokri (Marisa): **v o l t r o n**
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): Oof
Elfriede (Tom): I only know 5 od those characters
Nokri (Marisa): oof
Aldus (Jess): Didn't we watch like 2 episodes?
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah but I know more than I should
Elfriede (Tom): 
Nokri (Marisa): a hero
Nokri (Marisa): i just nabbed the last seat at the oji-sama to neko cafe before the cosplay event saturday yehaw
i dunno what i'm gonna cosplay but wow i get to eat food
Aldus (Jess): NICU
Nokri (Marisa): oji-sama to neko is so pure. i have an autographed copy. it's so pure.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): IS THAT SPLATOON CAT
Nokri (Marisa): NO IT'S FUKUMARU
Nokri (Marisa): BUT YEAH HE RESEMBLES JUDD
Elfriede (Tom): :3
Nokri (Marisa): cafe gonna be lit
Nokri (Marisa): the food is SO CUTE
Elfriede (Tom): CUTE FOOD MAKES IT TASTE BETTER
Elfriede (Tom): Are you alloud to take pictures? I know sometimes they charge more for thay
Nokri (Marisa): LOOK AT THIS MENU
WE NEED A MYSTIC MESS MENU LIKE THIS
yeah!! usually in these cafes you can take pictures, but only after everyone has ordered and the food arrives so the waiters aren't trying to navigate around people getting pics
https://ojisamatoneko-cafe.com/menu.php
Nokri (Marisa): the money-making pics are usually at maid cafes
Aldus (Jess): THATS ADORABLE
Nokri (Marisa): and the dishes usually look spot-on too
Nokri (Marisa): i went to the fullmetal alchemist cafe they had a nina cake <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): Omg whyyyyy
Nokri (Marisa): everyone's fave character <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): I thought everyone's favortie was Kernal Mustard
Nokri (Marisa): he's a giant Meme
Elfriede (Tom): Saw this one girl by a huge figure of him at collosal last year
Elfriede (Tom): Was like 400$$$
Elfriede (Tom): *what kinda disposable income*
Nokri (Marisa): dang girl
Elfriede (Tom): Thirsty for them fire hands
Nokri (Marisa): there was someone at anime expo's charity auction who spent $1200 on a drawing, and they said they'd been saving up all year just for that item. they were like "i was prepared to spend way more for this so it's a bargain"
Elfriede (Tom): WHAT
Nokri (Marisa): it was an autograph board with a sketch from the creator of gundam
Nokri (Marisa): $$$
Elfriede (Tom): Oh fuck
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah prob worth alot then
Elfriede (Tom): Dave emerges out of nowhere
Elfriede (Tom): Gundam you say
Elfriede (Tom): I gotta research where to watch new flcl
Elfriede (Tom): Didn't America get that first
Nokri (Marisa): ye i think like space dandy it's getting the premiere first
Elfriede (Tom): Aight I'll wait for it on Crunchyroll later then
Elfriede (Tom): Unfortunately I think it's the one series I wanna watched dubbed
Elfriede (Tom): For nostalgia reasons
Nokri (Marisa): live your dream
Nokri (Marisa): watch the eigos
Nokri (Marisa): OH SALTY SEAS IS HAPPENING NOW
Elfriede (Tom): I hope the dub isn't cartoon Network exclusive
Nokri (Marisa): why people gotta make stuff exclusive uguh
Nokri (Marisa): time to get salty
https://animebracket.com/results/-r-anime-s-best-couples-ships-iv?group=3
Bill: *Some of these aren't couples*
Nokri (Marisa): of course they are
Nokri (Marisa): what isn't a couple
Elfriede (Tom): Oof
Elfriede (Tom): Some of these hurt me inside
Nokri (Marisa): current round of voting
girl looking for her dog x dog otp
Nokri (Marisa): not a furry though
Nokri (Marisa): what ails you tom
Elfriede (Tom): WHAT IS THIS KALLEN LELOUCH SHIT
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): tru ^
Elfriede (Tom): I like that they used the people die if they are killed pic
Nokri (Marisa): kaworu x shinju over incest any day
Bill: This whole thing is *sin*.
Bill: and where the hell is Toradora. Toradora always wins.
Nokri (Marisa): roy x riza is a given
akko andrew is on there biru
Nokri (Marisa): naruhina and zenshirayuki is gonna be tough but given the popularity of the show naruhina probably gonna win
Bill: This is too trashy to care though.
Nokri (Marisa): oh crud isaac and miria are going against inuyasha and kagome
why the popular stuff always against each other
Nokri (Marisa): trash runs the world this is serious business
Bill: Nah, this is like, Weiss x Oobleck x Tyrian trash.
Nokri (Marisa): oh there's cc/lulu it's in the current round
Nokri (Marisa): akko and diana are on here too hehe
Nokri (Marisa): is it bad to vote for both akko/diana and akko/andrew
Bill: I didn't see akko/andrew.
Nokri (Marisa): orly? i had akko/andrew vs jonathan/erina
Nokri (Marisa): what is this going to be translated from, weeb speak? it's ok im fluent in weeb
Aldus (Jess): Omg I'm dead. Someone took some of Vs voice actors quotes from the panel and doodled them.  
http://doodlemessenger.tumblr.com/post/176972481217/hosan-yi-was-the-funniest-part-of-the-panel-lets
Bill: I wanna go home and finish Voltron s7.
Nokri (Marisa): I watched part of it on the train

[minor spoilers]
What happened to Kaltenecker in episode two that really bothered me
Nokri (Marisa): They talked about her in the beginning and then she was never shown
Nokri (Marisa): *where did she go*
Nokri (Marisa): End minor spoilers


I SAW THAT V THING WOW V IS SO DIFFERENT
Aldus (Jess): asking the real questions
Nokri (Marisa): I couldn’t focus on anything else I was very concerned
Aldus (Jess): OH YEA lmao vs voice actor is and obviously likes attention  XD
Bill: Chibi dude shared some callout posting on Instagram.
Aldus (Jess): about?
Bill: Photographer, the usual.
Bill: Creeping on minors, generally weird behavior.
Aldus (Jess): ah
Bill: https://www.instagram.com/notyoursenpai._/ <- in her story
Nokri (Marisa): selkie cosplay!
Bill: https://www.instagram.com/dev_marie.cos/ <- and then hers. This one is definitely the stronger case.
Nokri (Marisa): she has the selkie shoe problem too omg that's a universal thing
Nokri (Marisa): wow that's a lot of stories
Bill: mhmm.
Bill: Anime is a mistaaaaake
Nokri (Marisa): bunnygirl-senpai
Nokri (Marisa): uwu
Bill: I saw a Bunny Lucina at Ota and was disappointed Mawisa.
Bill: It's your fauly.
Nokri (Marisa): im sowwy i know mine sucks i'm getting 300 meters of gold piping for katarina and ray so I'll use the extra to fix lucina
Nokri (Marisa): could bring to katsu maybe. too hot for otakon perhaps. dunno if there's time at zenkai since i can't wear her while working.
Bill: ~~it's your fault cause it wasn't you stupid~~
Nokri (Marisa): mega photoshoot when
we round up everyone here with like 10 costumes each and a bunch of cameras all day
some cookies for sustenance
Nokri (Marisa): my photo backlog of shoots i did for rose goes back to march oops i've had no time for them
i do them on the plane back home maybe or once i resign from work because i can't keep doing 12 hours days with 4 hours of travel time
Bill: you're insane to do that much for work.
Nokri (Marisa): they needed people in omiya for august <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> 
assuming i get fully booked i'll get an extra $20 per day woohoo. that'll cover my travel expenses. ~~but if i'm not fully booked or someone cancels I won't get reimbursed~~
Bill: Which sounds like too much of a risk girl.
Nokri (Marisa): ye but i was too awkward to tell my boss no
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't want to work 12 hours i tried to sign up for 10 and he was like "you get paid more for 12"
Nokri (Marisa): omiya has an animate that'll sometimes be open after work owo
most days i'll get there before it's open and leave after it's closed but *some days i can look at anime*
