Andrew: 
Bill: quality
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Old ladies dig Hak
Total Nok-out (Marisa): jess what chapter of yona are you on now 👀
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 59!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): mega progress!!!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea it's that one dudes arc, the guy who tried to kill her
Total Nok-out (Marisa): tae-jun redeption arc :3c
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): u used to suck but you're pretty ok now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He had a change of heart
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Add him to the in love with Yona pile
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Also Sinha is bae <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): there's one arc centered around him that i'm a bit disappointed with because it's really out-there as far as yona is concerned and it's one of the weaker stories *but who cares because shinah*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooo really? Later on?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I just went through the in where he went all eye crazy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That was before taejuns arc
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ya later on, it's called the lushing forest arc
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i know it's before chapter 100
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo ok gotcha
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "see ya"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Just gonna go through this hole we cut in this old lady's ceiling
Total Nok-out (Marisa): just passing by don't mind us
also open your door for cryin out loud
Total Nok-out (Marisa): maybe if you opened the door we  wouldn't need to cut holes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh wait that wasn't the old lady that was the other guy uhhh I forget his name god I'm terrible with names
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That old lady thirsty for hak tho
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~which old lady thirsty for hak~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh the one they took care of in the village, hai gave her massages an then taejun tried is and the old lady was like "bring back the hot one"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): have you read 59 yet or is that where you left off
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I in da middle
Total Nok-out (Marisa): zeno so pure
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YES
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So happy, talks in third person and isk y but so pure
Total Nok-out (Marisa): she munch
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ao is gurl?!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ye!! ~~this ao is~~
people were curious so kusanagi mentioned that in a Q&A
Total Nok-out (Marisa): though every time they go to the hotsprings she goes into the men's bath. scandalous.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ommgggg ao 😮 so brave
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ao is amazing, squirrel ao at least
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~pfft forget dragon ao~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): she's the backbone of the happy hungry bunch
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~ohno I was gonna call him daddy ao~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~but that's not good~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~it's fine.~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i love the way kusanagi draws really awkward scenes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "hey uhhhh didn't I try to kill you once?"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "hey buddy..... pal....... can i uh............... mind if i join ya? mind if we have........... a buddy..... fire??"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hak: "I really. Don't. Care." "Wait a min"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): tfw ur waifu approaches
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i like how the relationships with su-won are treated realistically. 
he's the antagonist and did horrible things but he's still a real person and his goals are justifiable, he did it for the betterment of the country. yona and co. might still into him and have to deal with him even if they don't like it.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): OH i'm rereading stuff and I totally forgot there's a good reason zeno calls himself in third person aside from being childish (kids in japan refer to themselves in third person, it's a cutesy thing)
Elfriede (Tom): I like that about suwon as well👌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA me too!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Suwon begrudging appreciation post
Elfriede (Tom): I kinda like the idea that evil acts exist but evil people do not. Or that no one is born evil.
Elfriede (Tom): And I like when authors play with the idea that no one is the villian.
Elfriede (Tom): Mononoke did it really well
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Yeah!!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): There are evil characters/people in Yona but it’s not Su-won and they have justifiable reasons, it’s not just pure malice for the sake of having an evil character
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Well there was Kum-ji who was evil because capitalism and trading humans but he’s dead now lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whoo!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My phone's icons have slowly all switched to circles, look like it finally forces MM to be a circoe but the icon is so smoo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~baeran icon 🙌~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i love how almost every outift of his is dress clothes
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): There’s good fanart of the dragons in suits lemme find it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hngg
Elfriede (Tom): What's milk time 🤔
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yona time
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my coworkers gonna be gone all next week <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): big yona time
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ***BIG YONA TIME***
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i can't find the suit image i was thinking of but there are lots of good other ones
Total Nok-out (Marisa): also this official modern art
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): PEEP DAT TUM
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): precious blue bean
Total Nok-out (Marisa): this is from one of the drama CDs which is really funny because all the art for it makes yona look like a 90s sitcom
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): cosplay group when
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): omg adorable
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~what yona chapter u on now~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): same! sowwy been busy this morning but my coworker just left the room so <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): how dare work keep u from something so important
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): RIGHT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so the OG king hiyruu was a dude, and his dragons were dudes too ya? so it was gay harem time?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yes
yes it was
Total Nok-out (Marisa): they loved each other very much
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not all families look the same
sometimes a family is A girl, 4 dragons, a warrior and a mom boi
Total Nok-out (Marisa): and a squirrel
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): AND A SQUIRREL how could i forget the star of the show
Total Nok-out (Marisa): https://i.pinimg.com/originals/dd/2a/ae/dd2aae07e105445bee4867aa996b3a7c.gif
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): precious bab
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): x2
Total Nok-out (Marisa): every time i see shinanigans above 'animemes' i read it as sharingans
Total Nok-out (Marisa): isn't it spelled shenanigan
Total Nok-out (Marisa): sharinganians
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): sharin-gans
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): YEAH I LOVE THAT
Total Nok-out (Marisa): hak is helping.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): she doesn't know he kept her hair from when it was long, too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~kinky boi~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): taejun whhyyyy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i wanst expecting a redemtion arc for him tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i was like "who dis?"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): then i was like "OH DAT GUY"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "hey everyone it's me your favorite bachelor"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Total Nok-out (Marisa): also respect
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): savage
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): babbies
Total Nok-out (Marisa): CHILDREN
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so cute
Total Nok-out (Marisa): never forget
Total Nok-out (Marisa): https://pa1.narvii.com/6488/63850074273ad7e2a575c1c244938a753e716882_hq.gif
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BABBIESSSS
Total Nok-out (Marisa): read it all so we can talk spoilery stuff :Lenny:
Total Nok-out (Marisa): o here's more official modern shinah
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "im sorry ill be out of commission until further notice so i can read yona"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): HE TEXT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): HES BLUE DA BA DE BA BA DY
Total Nok-out (Marisa): there's one pic in particular i'm looking for but i'm too lazy to just go get a picture of it in the book i have
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): OH YEAH THIS WAS CUTE TOO
Alfrick(Tim): 🙌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): omgggg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im dead i died from cuteness
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yona is really good for having multi-layered protection walls
like, one person sticks their arm in front of another to protect them
but in yona it just keeps happening
like
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yoon moves to protect yona but zeno moves to protect yoon and shinah will move to protect zeno and kija will protect shinah and jaeha will protect kija and hak protects jaeha and it's just A BIG WALL OF PROTEC
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): beautiful
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i can't find the pic so i'm giving up but i need this stamp
Total Nok-out (Marisa): oh wow, different series but nike looks really cute in this
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i usually don't like that art style at all but it works there for nike
Total Nok-out (Marisa): she actually looks a lot like asahi? 🤔 but those are serialized in different magazines 🤔
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ao pileeee
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Zen and Gija are in the "No white heart react" clug
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and the "white hair with tiny ponytail" club 🤔
Total Nok-out (Marisa): They would be good friends
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Except Kija doesn’t smoke or do bad boy things :3c
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats ok they are both over dramatic
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): zen is a reformed bad boi ~~set he still smok~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Cats for Zen
Bugs for Kija
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): when i watched the anime i was like OwO zen?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I GOTTA SLEEP
BUT
HALLOWEEN CHATS
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I think seven is trying to get yoosung murdered with no context
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OWO
Bill: https://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-news/2018/10/25/yuri-comedy-i-like-oppai-best-in-the-world-gets-audio-drama-adaptation
Bill: ~~I love when legitimate news outlets sound like The Onion.~~
Bill: ```— Right on cue, Juliet would like to talk to Char. Unfortunately, if she comes into their shared room now, Char’s secret love will be revealed. So like I predicted, Romio will help Char out of this predicament, and as a result, she will owe him. But… is this something that you want to keep hidden from your girlfriend? Wouldn’t you want your girlfriend to know that her childhood friend creepily stalks her? Or is this just another case of them both being girls, so it’s, like, totally harmless, you guys.```
