Bill: https://moesucks.com/2018/07/05/how-not-to-summon-a-demon-lord-ep-1-yawn/ Shitty anime is shit on.
Bill: My favorite part is where the guy is just like 'draw boob better if you just want to draw boobs.'
Nokri (Marisa): they just don't understand art smh
Bill: what happened to you can't see fanservice?
Nokri (Marisa): i can't
Nokri (Marisa): there's no fanservice in that show
Bill: how can you understand the fanservice art then.
Nokri (Marisa): go to a museum
Bill: so you can see ancient fanservice.
Bill: Love you those ancient greek statue titty?
Nokri (Marisa): biru why u so lewd
Nokri (Marisa): i did see aoi horus no hitomi in the bookstore the other day tho thats a good manga
Bill: You're watching a really bad isekai anime which apparently even does the lewd correct.
Bill: How can I not poke fun.
Nokri (Marisa): i haven't seen the anime but i've read the manga i'm far behind on anime oops
Nokri (Marisa): it's a tragedy
Bill: I read the manga when the fan translators were adding commentary. That was gold.
Nokri (Marisa): a good historical manga
Nokri (Marisa): ooooo yeah when translators put the little extra at the end that's 10/10
Bill: oh no, they commented on every page.
Nokri (Marisa): OOOo that one guy
Nokri (Marisa): people got mad at him for doing that to another series because he took it way too far and didn't translate it properly
Nokri (Marisa): they translated the whole thing like this
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): i think it's the same person? maybe?
Bill: throwback to when Horriblesubs gave up on translating Hidan no Aria and started putting editor's notes across the entire image for 20 seconds at a time.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: YEAAAAAH like that.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): I like the art for that presumely egyption one
Aldus (Jess): 👆
Nokri (Marisa): oo, aoi horus no hitomi? ye, is good. it's based on real historical events, basically what the author interprets happened during history based on true findings
Nokri (Marisa): that's the anime version of her
Elfriede (Tom): Omg 👌 👌
Elfriede (Tom): Ye I'm digging the art
Aldus (Jess): ~~What a waifu~~
Aldus (Jess): Ye that arts really good I likes it too
