Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): first one would be good but second one sounds situational
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): opens a manga with "snow white" in the title. the main girls' name is snow white. the first page looks like this.
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): the top comment is "Ermmmmmmm I’m pretty sure they got this from Snow White and the seven dwarves xD...."
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): if seven bought vanderwood a hoodie
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmfao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omgmmgmgmgggg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): PlzzZ I need this manga bit with seven instead
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): the snow white one? or another
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): the pervert one
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~both~~
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): 
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): i got a ticket for the yona stage play so for the next month im just gonna
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: 👌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 👌👌👌👌👌
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): Wow. Nanoha is still hanging on, huh.
Bill: Somehow.
Nokrin on heaven's door (Marisa): It’s got that death grip on the anime market
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nevi Surrendi
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Wow
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Lmao
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): 
Bill: 
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: That's actually amazing
Tikur (Kurtis): That's fantastic
Bill: So where is the group in BNHA that wants to kill oof everyone without a quirk because they're a less breed of human?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dont think there is one yet
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): marisa would know better im sure
Bill: it's kinda a plot hole that Deku didn't do any physical training growing up.
Bill: He wanted to be a hero, he had no power, so like... what else can he do but aim for the batman shtick?
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Lmao Tru, maybe he did some <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: wow shounen explains every... single... thing.
Bill: Anyone remember the game in Whose line called film noir? They did a scene, but cut out of the scene to narrate every few lines?
Bill: That would make a great BNHA parody.
Bill: Because boy they can't shut up.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: 👌
Bill: So. If All Might trained Deku how to regular his power first... it wouldn't matter how muscular he is, he could reduce the power to a manageable amount for any amount physical conditioning.
Bill: ...
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Truth
