Nokri (Marisa): New Yona: OBTAINED
Nokri (Marisa): I also bought young ace because keroro was on the front
It’s for young readers. Keroro gets published in it
I can see little witch academia being in here that’s cute but why is this literal slave smut in a comic for kids and teens
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Purifying Akko save me
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): THERES NO NEW YONA
Kusanagi sensei why
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: o--ohh
Nokri (Marisa): Japan has a huge pervert problem but maybe that can be avoided........ if they stop publishing extremely lewd stuff in books for school kids..........
Nokri (Marisa): just maybe
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Just maybe <:lenny:395307171539189760> 💁
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: You might be on to something there
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Wait you got the book hat yonas usually a part of but it wasn't this week?
Nokri (Marisa): ye it's tragic
Nokri (Marisa): there's a one shot at the end and the art looks super familiar
Nokri (Marisa): it doesn't say why there's no yona but there was a lot last time, maybe i missed something in the last book. they had a big yona contest
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: 😱 that's terrible
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Are most mangas sold in collections like that first?
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Or just smaller authors
Nokri (Marisa): uugh yeah i see now the end of the last chapter says "to be continued 6/20" 😭
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!! pretty much all manga is sold chapter by chapter first, and then once or twice a year compiled into the big books.
series like Hero Academia and Naruto and all that come out once a week
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: THATS LIKE 49 WEEKS
Nokri (Marisa): I KNOW RIGHT
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: TRAJIC
Nokri (Marisa): the manga magazines are the size of phonebooks they're huge but also pretty cheap and come with free stuff
Nokri (Marisa): yona's magazine is $3.80, this issue came with a letter set, last month it was a yona art book, before that it was a yona pencil case, sometimes it's CDs, folders, pens, all sorts of stuff.
the young ace one is bigger and was $5.80, it came with a small folder and weighs like 50 poudns
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Yeah understandable, so like when they release say.. berserk vols 1 -25 those are each compilations of.several chapters?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah! those are the tanks/tankobon. they get sold in stores if the manga is popular enough in the magazine.
usually the magazines have post cards you can fill out and send in to say which manga are your favorite and least favorite and that's how they determine popularity
Nokri (Marisa): this thing is an assault weapon
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): compared to yona's magazine
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Ooof daymm
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: That is a keroro on thar
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: ~~Why is there A blue Charizard on the Yona mag~~
Nokri (Marisa): i think on average there are 2-3 tanks per year for relatively popular series, so YEAH KERORO WOOO
so if a series has like 25 tanks that's like 10 years of manga
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: So American releases are totally different then?
Nokri (Marisa): oo it's from a series called azfareo no sobayonin which i thought was popular but turns out doesn't even have an english translation. it's about a girl and a dragon, essentially the plot of nie-hime and the beast king except with dragons instead of beasts. and nie-hime is essentially beauty and the beast.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: ~~That's a nice way of saying it's a furry manga~~
Nokri (Marisa): ye American manga is usually only the tankobon. there have been a few magazines in the past, like shounen sunday, that would release weekly stuff a few weeks after the Japanese counterpart but that was like 10 years ago for stuff like naruto and bleach 
now all of that is digital
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): scaley manga
Nokri (Marisa): crunchyroll and i think viz have concurrent scanlations
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: ~~I was gonna correct it to scaley but then I'd have to acknowledge it~~
Nokri (Marisa): this is dragon boy's human form
Nokri (Marisa): ~~don't fear just acknowledge it. give in.~~
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Oo dema is cute art
Nokri (Marisa): sometimes stuff is changed between the magazine and the tank, the artist will go back and redraw stuff
there was a recent chapter of hero academia that was literally unfinished so I would bet money that they're fixing that for the tank
Nokri (Marisa): like this page isn't too bad
Nokri (Marisa): but this. that panel isn't even fully drawn. poor horikoshi
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: What theeee
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: They put that out?!
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH they actually released that as a finished product in the tankobon. i think horikoshi had a cold that week or was too busy and couldn't churn out a chapter in time, but it's shounen jump's most popular series right now so they couldn't delay it. mangaka have horrible schedules
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: That sucks 😭
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: For the artist
Nokri (Marisa): yeah 😭
even with a bunch of assistants they're still basically working all day every day
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Yeah.. especially series like THAT
Nokri (Marisa): here's a schedule where they at least get some sleep
the author of hunterxhunter (who's married to the author of sailor moon hehe) only got 3 hours of sleep most days when publishing his work
Nokri (Marisa): a lot of times the differences between magazine and tank are more subtle. sorasan compiles a bunch of yona ones lemme go find
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: THATS HORRENDOUS
Nokri (Marisa): stuff like shading in armor or changing the shading
Nokri (Marisa): RIGHT
everyone wants to be a mangaka but the industry is horrible and soul-sucking and super competitive
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Yeah...
Nokri (Marisa): adding soldiers
Nokri (Marisa): in this panel she added Ao crawling under the covers because it's cuter
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Important details👌 👌
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: They just covered up the people with soldiers tho lmao
Nokri (Marisa): at the last doujin event i went to there were booths representing some niche magazines and maybe a few popular-ish ones. nothing super mainstream but common enough to be found at regular bookstores.

they had bins where artists could leave a sample of their manuscript and if the company liked it they would request more from that artist. but this place was *packed*, at least a few thousand artists representing themselves. the guidebook was also the size of a phonebook and there were about 50 artists listed on each page
Nokri (Marisa): given those schedules it's a pretty huge deal SDCC got horikoshi :0
we might get more unfinished chapters or maybe they'll delay it a week for once
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Oof competition is real, I guess that's what happens when population density goes up, you have more people but you don't technically need more stories, you can just print more of the same good ones.. 

Hmm or not, I'm tired and may not be thinking clearly
Nokri (Marisa): sleeeep
Bill: How the fuck does MC go from naive enough to go to an apartment alone because an app told her to; to being in an orgy with a guy that loves her taking photos of it.
Bill: No idea why I’m thinking about mystic mess either.
Nokri (Marisa): It’s because you want to play it it’s ok
Aldus (Jess): Ugh why do Another Story chat rooms cost so many hourglasses? 😭
Nokri (Marisa): Pay to suffer
Aldus (Jess): ~~lol i missed a call and i checked and it was rika so i was "oh good i dont have to care about that one~~
Aldus (Jess): ray switched to unkown/saeran and DAMN day boi spicy
Nokri (Marisa): Violent boi
Aldus (Jess): i love v but im so ready for rays route 😂
Nokri (Marisa): “V hurry up and love me so I can love ray”
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: The truth
Bill: Fucking rip. Photographer gets no love.
Aldus (Jess): like i find V relateable but I feels so bad for ray/saeran
Aldus (Jess): he becomes a painter in his good ending! and nah i love all the MM boys
Aldus (Jess): the rest of Vs route is great just not when i have to break rays heart
Bill: No love for V. Protest MM for V.
Aldus (Jess): holy shit this chat with vanderwood is priceless
Nokri (Marisa): DID HE SEND A SELFIE
Aldus (Jess): YEA!
Aldus (Jess): i love hows hes just calling out shit left and right
Nokri (Marisa): Telling it like it is
Vanderwood route when
Aldus (Jess): "V and Seven say their hair is natural but like how is that possible?!"
Nokri (Marisa): V gets it from his mom duh
Aldus (Jess): "what kinda charity organization are you people running?! you leader got drugged!"
Nokri (Marisa): These things happen.
Nokri (Marisa): 🤷
Aldus (Jess): "seven codes with his toes" OMG
Nokri (Marisa): Gotta use his hand to chat
Aldus (Jess): code with toes, text rfa with one hand drink soda with the other
Aldus (Jess): mc "hey wanna join the rfa"
vandy: "uhhhh no"
Nokri (Marisa): Such lost potential
Aldus (Jess): vanderwood is amazing
