Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): did biru make this
Aldus (Jess): poor babu is jelly
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): ~~good luck getting to my depression its hidden under 8 firewalls and 1000 memes~~
Nokri (Marisa): oh wow the different UA courses have different uniforms. that's a sharp detail.
Aldus (Jess): Oops I would have never noticed that
Nokri (Marisa): yeah i don't even think the other characters are really shown in their uniforms? i can't recall many times at all.
Nokri (Marisa): also
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): Where is the lie
Aldus (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): hatsumei is never shown in her school uniform only the gym uniform 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): THAT MEME
Nokri (Marisa): IT'S PERFECT
Aldus (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): tru facts thank u zen
Aldus (Jess): Mean girls memes all over the place today
Nokri (Marisa): they had an event like this in japan and attendees said it was absolutely OFF the HOOK so i can only imagine how a US showing would go
Nokri (Marisa): flashbacks to when people walked around cons with unsheathed/unguarded ice skate blades. why they do that.
Aldus (Jess): To kill
Bill: https://thumbs.gfycat.com/SparseWhiteAfricanrockpython-size_restricted.gif Guys. I don't think that was in the trailers. Scour your gif sources, the Senpai gif may exist.
Nokri (Marisa): え？
Nokri (Marisa): 何話してるの
Nokri (Marisa): https://media1.giphy.com/media/mfQL6Y5orh528/source.gif
Nokri (Marisa): lets play a game. who is this?
Yoosung or Kiel?
Aldus (Jess): ~~whos kiel~~
Elfriede (Tom): That's Kiel
Elfriede (Tom): 🤔
Elfriede (Tom): Hair not flood enoigu
Nokri (Marisa): jess can i recommend a game to you
there's a cool game called rune factory
i highly recommend
and here's ~~yoosung~~ kiel
Nokri (Marisa): YOU RIGHT! 🎉
Elfriede (Tom): But yeah, the classic hair tiee
Aldus (Jess): is he good boy ™ too?
Nokri (Marisa): ye. he's the generic good boy™ who people like to make yandere just like yoosung
Nokri (Marisa): he's a nerd but a different nerd from arthur. hm.
Elfriede (Tom): SO
Elfriede (Tom): HOW I GET MORE GLUE
Elfriede (Tom): I gotta grind to make better weapons
Aldus (Jess): go to craft store
Nokri (Marisa): orcs usually drop glue
do you specifically need glue or will any liquid work?
Elfriede (Tom): Any
Elfriede (Tom): I was just gonna make greatswords til I leveled
Elfriede (Tom): I need moar weapon bread
Nokri (Marisa): o ye then you can get glue from the high orcs in yokmir forest
Nokri (Marisa): you can also upgrade the weapons, so like if you make 10 broadswords and want to raise your level more than you want money, craft 9 of those swords into the 10th for a level 10 sword
Elfriede (Tom): OMW
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah I don't really want money so that would be a good idea
Elfriede (Tom): I already have more money then I know what to do with
Elfriede (Tom): Cuz the lava place is kicking my ass
Nokri (Marisa): you can also use items to your advantage by crafting them into your weapons or throwing them
there was a monster that was weak to fire so I crafted a weapon to be super strong for fire
but it still wasn't enough so i stocked up at the general store and just chucked oil at the monster until it had like 90% weakness to fire and murdered it
Elfriede (Tom): I have to hit all the enemies too many times
Nokri (Marisa): OO you got dolce?
Elfriede (Tom): Yyeee
Nokri (Marisa): you're in the fire cave with the orange furries?
Elfriede (Tom): THE SIGN DO A ZOOM
Nokri (Marisa): if you chuck oil at the enemies it might make them take fire damage. maybe.
Elfriede (Tom): Maybe.
Nokri (Marisa): also failed crafting items. throw those at enemies (failed food dishes and Object X's)
Nokri (Marisa): if you craft an item with Object X it'll reverse all the stats. so say you craft an item that's very weak to fire, use an object X and it'll be stronger.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> <@!141729881779077121> I'll be Shimizu, what the hell.
Bill: SHIT WE NEVER FOUND THE SAME SHIRT AT OTA.
Bill: 
