No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): How far did you get owo
Bill: 125.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): You’re almost there!!!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ur right in the good stuff
Bill: My poor children.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Chapter One: "Oh man! We missed the school bus!"
Chapter 125: "Nobody will try to hurt us and if they do they will burn to death."
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 👌
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Bill: ~~I love you cosplayed Dani but take a better photo~~
Bill: 
Bill: ~~Not another timeskip those are not okay~~
Bill: stoooooppppp
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Time to post this again
Bill: Yup. It's ironic.
Bill: 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): hooky cosplay when
Bill: *seriously when*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i love so many of monica's outfits but also dani's outfits
Bill: *these stupid beans*
Bill: *Dorian and Monica*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): if anyone else reads the comic and catches up and wants to do a group that castle-y area y'all've done shoots at before might be nice.
could do it after katsu
Bill: OH FUCk Grey Towers.
Bill: Good point.
Bill: *there's no more*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ARE YOU CAUGHT UP
Bill: ye
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): new chapter comes out in 13 hours
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the dress monica currently wears is my favorite. diggin' the stripes.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): when my heart began to crack
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): her and dorian have so many good pics
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): she smile
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): children appreciation post
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Damn that a good dani
Bill: They're SO PRECIOUS
Bill: I'm going to take them all, take them to a magical land of happiness and goodness, and *fucking destroy* all the ***fools*** who've hurt them.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): WOW they really out here copying Katarina
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): this is an exact rip-off blend of Hametsu Flag and the duchess one where the girl *wants* her family to fall into ruin
Bill: Katarina == new SAO
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): there are a lot of isekai getting anime. an entire wall in animate of isekai getting anime.
Bill: Yup.
Bill: Re zero was the spark on Isekai.
Bill: Before that the fad was VR.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): katarina is getting an anime i'm so hype
shield hero
i forget the title but the one with the railgun dude and the loli vampire and the bunny girl (that describes a lot of series oops). arifureta something or other yeah that's it.
kumo desu ga nani ka
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what do you think the fad will be after isekai
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): OH mushoku tensei too!
Bill: i dunno, I usually don't bite on the fads.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~heroes~~
Bill: The one that was closest to hooking me most was cute girls doing cute things in the K-on era.
Bill: But I've always been partial to romcoms and 4komas.
Bill: Which are stables.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yee. i've been seeing a lot of new historical stuff in girl's manga. ninjas and europe and stuff but that's nothing new.
lots of reboots
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): reboots are the new thing
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): code geass, fruits basket, sailor moon, cardcaptors, flcl
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): osomatsu-san
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): EHAT ABOUT KAMINARI SEASON 2
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I actually dunno when that's happens
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Might have spelled wrong
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Iron fortress
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Kabanari? :0 ain’t seen no news bout it
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Kaminari electric boy gets his own anime wow
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): YEAH
Bill: ~~so Railgun?~~
DaVe: https://i.redd.it/n0v0s4rggxz11.png
