Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Legit crying at how much Kazuma loves Bishamon
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i forgot yesterday i bought something from a gacha and i got a pencil case in the shape of a character's underwear
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whoa!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i got this one
but it's impressive ~~and scary~~ how much thought went into how each character's underwear is shaped
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Spicy
Elfriede (Tom): oh boy
Elfriede (Tom): :3c
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i cosplay his girlfriend so it's probably fine probably
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Definitely fine
Total Nok-out (Marisa): his actual girlfriend physically manifests irl and beats me up
Total Nok-out (Marisa): sonia's underwear are supposed to be bloomers but they made them regular, even though some of the guys have underwear in that shape. this is discrimination and i demand retribution.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I wish I had custom undies with my name and art of me on them
Total Nok-out (Marisa): http://www.interestprint.com/custom/underwear-291
Total Nok-out (Marisa): wish no more
Total Nok-out (Marisa): reality
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Amazing
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i remember they're collectible items in the game but i can't remember how you get them. probably max friendship or something.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~y is nora kissin ma boi yukine?! He don't need this shit, ITS HIS BIRTHDAY~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): omg that's exactly where the year-long hiatus started
Total Nok-out (Marisa): *we didn't find out for so long*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ommggg that terrible
Total Nok-out (Marisa): OwO what's this?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): looking at the merch, first it was all sad stuff and then it became dakimakuras
Total Nok-out (Marisa): of AR and lil cal
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whoa Homestuck merch in 2018?!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~Wait till he find out who the crush is~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yato jealous
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "Escuse, my son is not old enough for a girlfriend"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He's only 1
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They grow up so fast 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oo it's season one up in dis bitch
Total Nok-out (Marisa): e x o r c i s m t i m e
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao and then as soon as he tell him, they are both fine?! Dis manga cray
Total Nok-out (Marisa): pain pain go away
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yato: "my dad kissed my girlfriend (not gf), my sister kissed my son" 😭
Total Nok-out (Marisa): no wonder yato is so messed up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Right?!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): All the people scolding yukine, boi did nothing wrong. He's trying his best 😭
Total Nok-out (Marisa): he's just puberty don't be mean to him
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea for real, he's a baby boi
Total Nok-out (Marisa): all these poor characters and their suffering
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): No no no what is Yato doing nooo, the shrine broke! 😭
Total Nok-out (Marisa): the series is probably gonna end very soon with how everything is winding up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Big oof
Total Nok-out (Marisa): *yukine was traumatized by the flash mob*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Damn that's what caused all thos
Total Nok-out (Marisa): it's the flash mob's fault. everything.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I knew that was a bad idea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BISHAMON Noooooo
Total Nok-out (Marisa): KEEP GOING
Total Nok-out (Marisa): KEEP READIN
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh shit oh shit
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Kazuma bb
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He need a helo
Total Nok-out (Marisa): they all need a help <:rip:369476083248267274>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Big truths
Total Nok-out (Marisa): tiny veena really cute tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh yea she cute
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I legit almost cried for kazuma tho
Total Nok-out (Marisa): give me fanart of all the gods as kids pls
Total Nok-out (Marisa): kazumaaaa
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): good stuff
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I cry now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ommffggg noras trying to kill yukine
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Stripping in the streets and shit
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Death makes you immune to public indecency laws
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Kazuma y u wanna hurt Hiyori liekdis
Total Nok-out (Marisa): plot twist kazuma likes yato
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): The real ship
Elfriede (Tom): Dey gey
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I am caught up 🙌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~kazuma is a how now~~
Total Nok-out (Marisa): welcome to the future
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ur knowledge is woke
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm woke
Total Nok-out (Marisa): homestuck fanart appreciation time
Total Nok-out (Marisa): post hamsteak
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oop time to go to bed
Total Nok-out (Marisa): no it's not time for that yet that's after homosuck time
Total Nok-out (Marisa): which is now
Total Nok-out (Marisa): angst! angst! angst!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): give me meowrails or give me death
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): actual picture of jess trying to get her bangs on the green wig to do the poof
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh it tru
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Melt the wig
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Regular clothes iron will work
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats scary
Elfriede (Tom): I kinda wanna make a cheese kun but idk where you find that fuzzy fabric
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): fleece?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you can get it in joanns
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): or walmart
Elfriede (Tom): Is a fuzzy boi?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): It how you poof
Walmart fabric is the worst never ever touch it
Total Nok-out (Marisa): The fat quarters are ok but the rest is ahhh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): fleece? yea its like the stuff the pants you wear to bed are
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *looks at how many chapters yona has* 
oh god
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ain't it a beat
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ❤
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 164 😭
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i remember when chapter 100 hit. it's so good.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i love reading authors little notes they are so cute
Total Nok-out (Marisa): YEAH those are really fun. kusanagi draws herself as an alpaca, they're usually only in the tankobon because those are added in spaces where advertisements went in the magazine
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ahh cute
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i like how the author of noragami rights "thanks to everyone still reading!"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "thanks for not giving up!"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~thanks for not leaving while i went on year long hiatus~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the spice and wolf author writes cute thank you notes in the light novels too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof its even cuter reading the ones in chapter 48 where shes like "omg cant believe dis" and knowing it goes 3 times as lonmg
Total Nok-out (Marisa): the dark dragon and the happy hungry bunch are forever
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yoon is the glue holding everything together
Total Nok-out (Marisa): TRUE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you thought this was yona's harem, this is yoon harem
Total Nok-out (Marisa): we sent her a book a while ago and she was so sweet about it
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i wonder if it'll get mentioned in the fanbook omg i hope so
Total Nok-out (Marisa): DID YOU KNOW
Total Nok-out (Marisa): THAT ONCE
Total Nok-out (Marisa): KUSANAGI LIKED MY PHOTO ON TWITTER
Total Nok-out (Marisa): it's the best thing that's ever happened to me ever
Total Nok-out (Marisa): heavy breathing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats awesome
Total Nok-out (Marisa): why do i even bother to keep cosplaying when i already peaked when kusanagi liked my yona pic
Bill: I should start using twitter...
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ya it's what everyone in japan uses
Total Nok-out (Marisa): your automated posts sometimes get cut off due to character limit
Bill: That I don't care about, I mean for personal use.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): do it do it
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yoon stop whining, you're the mom.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): amazing
Total Nok-out (Marisa): o u still on chapter 48
lets simulread
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ye, reading clow tho cuz work D:
Total Nok-out (Marisa): feign illness
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lolll
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "sprry i need to go home and read yona, i mean im sick"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): did you read the hakuryuu scale chapter
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo i dont think so?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 41
Total Nok-out (Marisa): it's amazing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nyoom
Total Nok-out (Marisa): takes place right after Awa and before Zeno
Total Nok-out (Marisa): hakuryuu = white dragon
seiryuu = blue dragon
rokuryuu = green dragon
ouryuu = yellow dragon
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOOO that good knowledge
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hak always flauntin his tities around
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 48 or 41?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): just in general
Total Nok-out (Marisa): tru
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hes always got dat peep
Elfriede (Tom): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if these boys start picking off each other scales for money
Total Nok-out (Marisa): BIG THREE WOO
Total Nok-out (Marisa): get rich quick scheme
Elfriede (Tom): They have scales?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): some?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): all? idk
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): white boi do
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cuz yaoi arm
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah
Total Nok-out (Marisa): kija has scales on his arm and jaeha has 'em on his leg. shinah has them on.... his eyes? 👀
Total Nok-out (Marisa): and zeno
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): Jeno
Total Nok-out (Marisa): u stop that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "dont you wanna hug yona" - Green boi
"i dont hae such impure thoughts about the princess" -White boi
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): meanwhile i recal hak sexually licking honey of yonas hand in the anime XD
Total Nok-out (Marisa): nokri style healing attempt
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i like how jaeha is like "oh cute! yona come here i got you a cute thing"
and immediately just snatches it right back
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG THIS GOT GEEEEY
Total Nok-out (Marisa): and so the shipper rejoiced
Total Nok-out (Marisa): a lot of people ship jaeha/kija
Total Nok-out (Marisa): a lot
Total Nok-out (Marisa): that's gotta be the third or fourth most popular ship for yona
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so i see 👀
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "aren't you thirsty~?" <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): omgggg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im dying this chapter is amazing
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I KNOW RIGHT i'm so glad you're reading it
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "he won't come close or go away he just keeps staring from a distance"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): relatable
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): congratulations
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "meanwhile the squirrel wont put any distance"
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i like how she's in a different spot in every single frame
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i love them
Elfriede (Tom): I ship To and Jaeha
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ~~or do you mean the other ao~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): aw kija sconfuse now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG YONA, SPICYYYY
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "are you thirsty"
Bill: The answer is no.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is this before or after the sexy honey licking?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): after <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): I use Hal sometimes in soul Cal 👶
Elfriede (Tom): **goddamn autocorrect**
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): good think i made him for you
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean that seems pretty passionate to me but ok hak
Total Nok-out (Marisa): just bff things
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i'm rereading zeno's introduction
HAK you can't just PUNCH SOMEONE IN THE FACE
Elfriede (Tom): YES HE CAN
Elfriede (Tom): HE SAID HES TOUGH
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): HE'S TOUGH BUT ALSO FRAGILE
Total Nok-out (Marisa): zeno my son
Total Nok-out (Marisa): look at his snaggletooth
https://66.media.tumblr.com/43d1c94ba9999ab721bbae333b161b05/tumblr_ovi72uTeX11vgzd4so2_500.gif
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yoon is just projecting his insecurities
https://data.whicdn.com/images/257061352/original.gif
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yoon is the only one that shares a tent with yona
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the real ship
Total Nok-out (Marisa): a mother and his child
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hak wearing blue bois headdress
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and then yeeting his weapon
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): good stuff
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "they'll never recognize me."
"hey! i recognize that weapon!"
<:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOA HOLD UP
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Blue Boi and Bakugo have the same voice actor?!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): YEAH
Total Nok-out (Marisa): YEAH THEY DO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT FUCK
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and Rin!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): YEAH
Total Nok-out (Marisa): hehehe
Total Nok-out (Marisa): also Mikorin
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so many!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Yona is Natsumi from sgt frog which is also why i love
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): pics of sinha with no mask are blessings
Total Nok-out (Marisa): and senjougahara, homura, hazuki from moon phase, and a super obscure title called shinigami no ballad
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i wanna meet her hhhhhhhhhhh
Total Nok-out (Marisa): "look at this boi"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): blessing
Total Nok-out (Marisa): did you know jaeha is aizawa, archer, greed, undertaker, dandy, and victor from yuri on ice
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): :O!
Total Nok-out (Marisa): oh! yoon is cornelia in code geass!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what is life
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i watched code geass in english tho
Total Nok-out (Marisa): o he/she's the japanese VA
Total Nok-out (Marisa): [angry japanese lelouch voice] *cornelia*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): english lulu and yukio are the same va so the whole time i watched it was like oh lulu is back
Total Nok-out (Marisa): VAs are so freaky
Total Nok-out (Marisa): the way they just [anime voice]
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right? cray
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): otakon was weird cuz sevens and yoosungs VA dont even change their voice for the character really, or they were just doing everything in thier character voice
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): either way it was cray
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): neat, but cray
Total Nok-out (Marisa): that's so freaky
Elfriede (Tom): Johnny you Bosch is also in like every anime
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): tru but i dont watch many in english
Elfriede (Tom): Yeahh
Elfriede (Tom): Any ones he missed it was because he was driving around throwing bags of change at old ladies
Total Nok-out (Marisa): vic mcsafgrhtyj holds the reigning title i think
Total Nok-out (Marisa): bosch has a cool band
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i was reading yona but got distracted by sinha fanart
Total Nok-out (Marisa): understandable
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): when a girl tries to touch you so you yeet yorself away
Total Nok-out (Marisa): yona tryin to go for the suave "yawn and wrap your arm around his shoulder" trick
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thinks shes smooth
Total Nok-out (Marisa): important
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): V IMPORTANT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he feed
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Granny knows what's up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
