Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): 
Nokri (Marisa): jahy-sama did her best!!!
Nokri (Marisa): character development
Bill: Should I be up right now?
Bill: No.
Bill: But I’ve caught up on voltron.
Bill: I ship the fuck out of Lance and Allura now.
Nokri (Marisa): don't let people hear that, lance x keith is the big popular thing and fans of it are crazy to the point of harassing voice actors and a totally unrelated woman who had the username "klance" on twitter
Bill: So, typical gay shipping.
Nokri (Marisa): They blackmailed the actual animation crew
Nokri (Marisa): Got into into huge trouble with DreamWorks
Aldus (Jess): Who blackmailed who no? 😮
Elfriede (Tom): Who ships Lance with anyone other than himself?
Nokri (Marisa): a year or two ago there were leaks being released on tumblr of episodes that hadn't been released yet, and it was a Big Deal because the animation studio was under strict orders not to release anything that wasn't approved by dreamworks. the company didn't know who did it, but the person threatened that they would keep releasing leaks unless klance was made canon. i forget how it was resolved, they probably found out who it was, but for a while they couldn't figure out who was doing it and they had to either fire basically the entire animation staff or put up with these leaks and risk getting the contract severed by dreamworks, basically ending voltron.

they also tried blackmailing the real estate agent that was being harassed but she wasn't taking any of that and actually started a lawsuit, so twitter sent cease and desist letters to the teens harassing her who started going "woe is me we just wanted the canon ship name twitter handle"
Aldus (Jess): Wtffffff
Aldus (Jess): Is wrong with people
Nokri (Marisa): they need more homo
Aldus (Jess): That's insane
Nokri (Marisa): http://www.newnownext.com/voltron-legendary-defender-blackmail-studio-mir-klance/05/2017/
Aldus (Jess): I'd love to watch them try to explain to their parents why they are getting cease and desist letters from Twitter
Nokri (Marisa): "honey you're 11 why are you being sued"
Nokri (Marisa): o here's where i heard about the real estate agent
http://princessvanellopevonschweetz.tumblr.com/post/169049832857/murkymuse-huntypastellance
Nokri (Marisa): THE POLICE SHOWED UP AT THEIR HOMES golden
Aldus (Jess): That's insane
Aldus (Jess): So I started playing mystic memes again last night but when I started another story again it gave me the option to skip the common route which I never do cuz I don't wanna spend hourglasses but it only gave me option for V and im low key nervous ray won't be available for some reason
Nokri (Marisa): Did you pay hourglasses for ray? :0
Nokri (Marisa): Did you unlock his route? You can skip the common route and start at someone’s route only if you already completed that route so maybe you only see V because you finished it
Aldus (Jess): well now you get them both for 300 instead of purchasing them secretly
Nokri (Marisa): Oooooooo
Aldus (Jess): OOO ok maybe thats why i though you could skip common for anyoone as long as you did one
Aldus (Jess): also when i opened the game it though i was in the middle of play through and it was like "you have 300000 missed called" (exaggerating)
Nokri (Marisa): time to call everyone back
Aldus (Jess): *gets to day 4*
*V's route*
*cries*
Nokri (Marisa): RAY ROUTE RAY ROUTE RAY ROUTE
Aldus (Jess): i have to save flower boi
Aldus (Jess): i love how you get there and you can just be like "Ray i love you" and hes like "wait what?"
Nokri (Marisa): he shook
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): lmao
Aldus (Jess): are you gonna do a play through for the event? 😮
Nokri (Marisa): ye i was just redownloading the game. :3c
I deleted the app yesterday because i needed more space on my phone oops but i need that event content
did it start today?
Aldus (Jess): yea!
Aldus (Jess): im getting mad hourglasses in like every chat so far and theres cute little mini chats when you start up the app
Nokri (Marisa): WOOOOAAHH HOURGLASSES
I’ll need those for when the after ending comes out hnng
Aldus (Jess): 🙏
Aldus (Jess): im ready for mm to suck me in and consume my life again for 11 days
Nokri (Marisa): i dunno if i'll be able to participate in enough chats to get on a route but imma try for ray
Aldus (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus (Jess): save him he neeeeds you
Nokri (Marisa): i got the hourglasses wew now where my beach chats at
Aldus (Jess): i think they are random? i got it when i opened the app after the game loaded
Nokri (Marisa): that's when the anniversary and new years chats did it too. maybe i have to reload the app
Aldus (Jess): just frantically restart the app until it loads
Nokri (Marisa): i gotta wait for ray to kidnap me it's v important
Aldus (Jess): "wanna play a game"
Aldus (Jess): complementing him is the best ever cuz hes like "lol wut"
Nokri (Marisa): [707 voice] im in
Nokri (Marisa): OH HERE'S THE CHAT
Nokri (Marisa): jumin's profile pic tho
Aldus (Jess): ooo id dint get one with him yet! i got one with V and Yoosung and swimming safety
Nokri (Marisa): omg this chat was amazing
Nokri (Marisa): jumin and yoosung
Nokri (Marisa): it said it was only available today, i'm gonna reset and see if i get another
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!! resetting gets another chat
Aldus (Jess): like shutting the app off and reopening?
Nokri (Marisa): ye!
Aldus (Jess): whoo!
Nokri (Marisa): this one is yoosung and v
pls tell me if you get the jumin and yoosung one it's amazing
Aldus (Jess): 🙏
Nokri (Marisa): I'M SCREAMIN
Nokri (Marisa): THE CRAZIEST THING JUST HAPPNED
Nokri (Marisa): TWITTER PLS
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): E X T R A
R E A L I S M
Aldus (Jess): OMG
Aldus (Jess): ooo now ive gone with everyone in it
Nokri (Marisa): beautiful
Aldus (Jess): yoosung was bragging to everyone how he gets off school adn they all have to work
Aldus (Jess): too real
Nokri (Marisa): oo that explains the first chat i had
Aldus (Jess): *doesnt play game, just resets app all day*
Nokri (Marisa): *the cycle continues*
Nokri (Marisa): aaaa now i just keep getting the same ones ; A ;
Aldus (Jess): i think there  are 3 a day?
Nokri (Marisa): i just got the one with all of them!
Aldus (Jess): zen is savage and then regets it
Nokri (Marisa): so yeah you might be right
V and Yoosung
Yoosung and Jumin
the one with everybody
Aldus (Jess): so theres like total 30 cuz the event is 10 days
Nokri (Marisa): blessed cheritz
Aldus (Jess): i love how they apologized profusely for it being late too
Aldus (Jess): they we like "we know alot of you get a great deal of happiness from our game we hope you dont get too sad with not having the event on time"
Nokri (Marisa): "here are a ton of free hourglasses to make up for this giant blunder"
Nokri (Marisa): too pure
Nokri (Marisa): we need a yoosung cospl
TOM TOM DOES YOOSUNG RIGHT?
Nokri (Marisa): PERFECT 707/YOOSUNG SHOOT
Aldus (Jess): he did budget yoosung!
Nokri (Marisa): MAKE HIM DO IT AGAIN
Bill: "Tom, pretend to be gay"
"with who?"
"your wife"
Nokri (Marisa): ^^^^
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): he has to cosplay that pls
Aldus (Jess): OMG
Aldus (Jess): yoosung with star nips
Aldus (Jess): this events gonna throw so many wrenches in my CCE plans isnt it? XD
Nokri (Marisa): i have some dark lotion-like makeup that makes pale people look tan i use it for contouring u can lather it on tom to make him tan
Aldus (Jess): na ill just put some star cookies on him he tans real fast XD
Nokri (Marisa): or photoshop but YEAH DO THAT
Nokri (Marisa): u can take 707 selfies with tanning yoosung in the background
Aldus (Jess): OMG XD
Aldus (Jess): kalahari has those shark fin things for kids at the water park that 707 has in the cover image
Nokri (Marisa): DO IT
Nokri (Marisa): 🦈
Aldus (Jess): i love how the game hints at jumins bdsm kink think but whenever you pick those answers they either go over his head or he's like "im srry, why are you talking like that?"
Bill: *hints*
Bill: though, what would you expect him to say that won't lead to a R rating?
Bill: X?
Bill: R?
Bill: whatever porn has.
Aldus (Jess): lmao i mean he could be more like "i like that" or something it wouldnt be r rated but i like the idea that the fandom thinks hes a kink daddy but hes actually just a big man baby who need a hug
Nokri (Marisa): ye he's like "that sounds intriguing, Jaehee go research that."
Nokri (Marisa): and she's like "pls no"
Aldus (Jess): poor jaehee
Aldus (Jess): i like how in another story jumin just a huge nerd too? like cross stitching and reading fantasy novels
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH and suing people as a child
Aldus (Jess): YEA
Elfriede (Tom): Ahh yes,the budget yoosung
Nokri (Marisa): was gonna go to bed but new beach chats hhh
Aldus (Jess): save them for later, it will give you something to look forward too
Nokri (Marisa): too late <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): i require instant gratification
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): uh i think one of these chats is glitched
Aldus (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): arhgafr i can't get that chat back, MC was talking but the speech bubbles were empty and the player didn't choose anything it was freaky
Nokri (Marisa): but also this is what nokri things living with aldus would be like
Aldus (Jess): OMFG
Bill: OH YEah that wolf is the coolest thing in Voltron.
Nokri (Marisa): people have been calling the wolf Lance
Elfriede (Tom): Omggg
Bill: 
Bill: He's the time wolf, according to tvtropes.
Nokri (Marisa): OH i got the glitchy chat again
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): that's saeran's chat bubble
Aldus (Jess): lol i was gonna say, if it look like a "glitch" it saerans doing
Aldus (Jess): thanks for makin me look like an idiot saeran
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): thanks for coming now i can ask why you're ruining my summer fun chat
Aldus (Jess): "I have no memory of this"
Nokri (Marisa): "that was the other me"
Aldus (Jess): making MC out to be an idiot is exactly what saeran would do. v. clever chertiz
Aldus (Jess): ~~god i missed this stupid game~~
Bill: This is why I don't read the Wild Mass Guessing much
Elfriede (Tom): Lmaoooo
