Aldus (Jess): this is how Marisa got so good at Japanese, she read this book
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ITS TRUE I HAVE THAT brb
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): I just woke up
Aldus (Jess): THERE IT IS
Aldus (Jess): Real Japanese Master
Bill: ~~N1 holy fuck~~
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ITS EVEN CALLED MASTER
Aldus (Jess): 👌👌👌
Aldus (Jess): Also good morning!!
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): ohio
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): uubngkdkshsuarghhhhh
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): It’s late but my classes go late so I justify my bad schedule with bad reasons
Elfriede (Tom): This is Marisa at her full power
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): if i move my arm i can make lots of cracking noises
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): has anyone seen space patrol luluco
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efW1XG7szDg
Bill: I have.
Bill: I question this outfit working in real life but also want to see it tried. Namely the part where the shirt tails hang below the sweater.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): it works irl, they sell shirts like that here where it's all one shirt sewn to the sweater. it's a bit harder to get it to stick out naturally like that.
Aldus (Jess): 
Aldus (Jess): I've tried bit before but I didn't like it on me 😱
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): good job finding pictures!
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): i like how zuko is just walking away like "i'm out. bye."
Bill: I feel like it’d look sloppy if I did that.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): yolo try it
Might need to pin down the bits sticking out though because they shift a lot if it’s not sewn like that
Aldus (Jess): Bros can do it toooo
Bill: I was going to say it’s better suited for cute girls like yourselves but I suppose guys work too.
Aldus (Jess): I think it originally a men's style
Aldus (Jess): It's one of the go-tos for a little more lax business casual
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): why is there a native/colonizer bnha AU. why is that a thing that exists.
Elfriede (Tom): Oh look the best two <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): but not in a colonizer au <:pyrrha_twitch:373476412172009474>
Elfriede (Tom): 🤔
Elfriede (Tom): Just celebrating Columbus day <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): ☝
Elfriede (Tom): You know she a nerd cuz she got swirl boi glasses
Elfriede (Tom): All nerds where those don't have know
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): it's true. level 38 nerds and above are required by law to have those glasses equipped at all times
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): I USED TO LIVE THERE TOO
ANIME IS REAL
Bill: reviews are making me mildly curious about Seishun Beta Yarou.
Nokrin rin ring a bell (Marisa): Bunny girl senpai? ~~furry?~~
Bill: The lesser of the two reviewed it as 'oregairu with a bunny girl'.
Bill: And... while I'm suddenly doubting myself, oregairu is SNAFU.
Bill: I should try and find some more bloggers. I miss when Cart Driver wasn't writing for crunchy.
Elfriede (Tom): **ohno**
Dave: 
Dave: Oh no
