No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH I SAW THAT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Rika birthday event whoa
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): YEAH
are there chats
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Or just the image
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't know! I haven't actually read the post yet just saw a little screenshot on someone's story
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): YEAH THERE ARE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whoaaaa
Bill: The event is just everyone taking turns slapping her.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Rika uses the word lit
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I’m scream
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Also I guess cheritz isn’t worried about spoiling fans with Rikas aliveness anymore
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Welp
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It's all over now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): AWE my cousin's daughter was lady bug for Halloween
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): CUTE
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): YOOSUNG DOES IT TOO I bet he got it from rika
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Probably
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): There are a lot of chats I think I did at least 6 or 7
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): DAMN
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Also hourglasses
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Can I post a screenshot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye!
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Where do I sign up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "join my discord"
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LMFAO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): No one gets fat cuz you fucking starve them rika
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): It’s a diet!!! Isn’t that so lit?
A cray fad.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): The newest fad diet, brainwashing
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): She ships it
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Omgggg
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): “V pls do something about your single friend he’s ruining our style”
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): V plz stop being jumin on all our dates
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): V shows up in a Jumin mask alongside the real Jumin 
“Guess who is who”
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): NEW YONA CAME OUT DAYS EARLY
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): BOOKSTORE GUY GOT MY BACK
Elfriede of commitment?: ☝
Elfriede of commitment?: 👌
Dizzy: https://i.imgur.com/TZwakVM.png
Bill: !lewd
Bill: Uraraka Bakugo Fic was very enjoyable.
Bill: Shame it’s over.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): She 👏 did 👏 that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT IS SHE DOING
Elfriede of commitment?: KIK IN NUTT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): who did she kill\
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Him™
Bill: When the artist just decides 'what screen tone'.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): omg poor horikoshi had to draw some panels really quickly
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): they're fixed in the tank but the school festival particularly was atrocious
Bill: Gord came in to say hello while I was on the conference call.
Bill: Reading BNHA.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): opps
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): HUMAN FIREWORKS!?
that panel is my favorite
Bill: He commented after the call "I see you've found a way to keep your attention during the cadence"
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): OH THAT'S THE PAGE YOU WERE ON
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): eyyyyy
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): yeah you're at the atrocious part. it was made during golden week so it was super rushed
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this is like when your working on something and at first you take your tim and then your like "fuck it" and just scribble everywhere
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): horikoshi when that was published
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): i have the final version let me find it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is this like 130 something?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): around there?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 180s
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): here biru here's your HD manga pics
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): honestly it's crazy to compare how different the before and after are
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): especially the human fireworks
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): the CATCH font is exactly the same though huehuehue
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): amazing
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): I hope he gets a raise
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Helping that woman find her BL
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ooooooooooo such a twist at the end of the new yona chapter.
not really much of a twist but it's funnily dramatic
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): our girl really be lookin like hiryuu in some of these pics
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh damn
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): catch me reading yona and bnha the whole way to geekdom on friday ngiht
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): me finally catching up on noragami like: https://66.media.tumblr.com/6f06e5dda749d3b6c9bf3e475557e932/tumblr_p9utjnKaUH1xuf6tdo1_500.png
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): congratulations
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): how often does noragami update?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): once a month!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo!
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): next chapter is released here on the 6th
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *pays you to buy it and translate it or me*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): jk im sure it doest take too long for it to get translated
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): yeah it's usually within a week for noragami, because it's so popular
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): which one tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): season 1
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): season 2 is good to tho
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): Nirvana is my favorite
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "Overnight Appointment"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lol i always called it go sleepwalkers XD
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): oo the 1st op?
*jess no that's the band*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lol i know but I just never knew the name
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what a jam
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): season 3 when
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): there's a play i think
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo yea i think i saw something about that
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): yeee
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): knew i shoulda made that shirt shorter
Bill: BNHA read.
Bill: I have one fanfic left from the tvtropes recommendations.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you read it all?
Bill: well, I started from where the anime ended.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): me too lol
Bill: Yeah.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im only on 133 though XD
Bill: The anime ended on what, 122?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): smthing like that
Bill: sou desu ne.
