Nokri (Marisa): I feel so betrayed
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): Lmfao
Aldus (Jess): Oh nooooo 😭
Nokri (Marisa): “I played half of day 1 of V’s route” she says
<:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): Then you should know who he ishdbdbudbsihxus
Aldus (Jess): He literally the first person you see on Vs route wtffff
Nokri (Marisa): ^^^^^
Nokri (Marisa): I remember she had to grind a lot for V’s route when it first came out and that was like a year ago so maybe she forgot. But she was so obsessed with the game I’m smh
Aldus (Jess): Like purple suit? White hair? Look suspiciously familiar
Aldus (Jess): Why you grind a ton to get route then no play route?!
Nokri (Marisa): "the sweetest, most pure person in the world? the love of everyone's life? an angel among men? ray????"
Aldus (Jess): Like what eveeeen how does she not know I feel betrayed and I don't even know who she is
Nokri (Marisa): dw ray we appreciate u
Aldus (Jess): Mood
Nokri (Marisa): the saga of aldus continues
Aldus (Jess): Who would do dis to ma boi?
Aldus (Jess): ~~nokri~~
Nokri (Marisa): has anyone tried that anime bingo thing that got popular
Nokri (Marisa): http://anime-bingo.aikats.us/
Nokri (Marisa): im seeing it all over instagram and facebook
Nokri (Marisa): OH SNAP THEY HAVE MANGA TOO
MANGA BINGO YES
Nokri (Marisa): making this bingo list is so difficult
Nokri (Marisa): if you really really like one part of a series but hate another part is it still one of your favorite series
Nokri (Marisa): i did it
Elfriede (Tom): who is this adorable dog boi
Elfriede (Tom): omg
Nokri (Marisa): it's from a korean webcomic called You're so Noisy! Give me a Peace of Mind
about a girl who hallucinates that animals are people, and her pets (a cat named Peace and a dog named Noisy)
Elfriede (Tom): ohhhhhhhh
Elfriede (Tom): hooo boy
Elfriede (Tom): that could get wierd >w>
Nokri (Marisa): naw they're all 100% pet
Elfriede (Tom): ikuto is that you >w>
Nokri (Marisa): here to steal all your eggs and play the violin
Elfriede (Tom): THE EGGS
Elfriede (Tom): that show man
Nokri (Marisa): shugo chara cosplay group when
Elfriede (Tom): :3c
Elfriede (Tom): id only cosplay ikuto or soccer boi
Elfriede (Tom): *football
Nokri (Marisa): the baby girl freaks me out but everyone else is cool
Nokri (Marisa): and the clown girl
Nokri (Marisa): basically every girl other than amu on the student council <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): 👌 👌 👌 👌
Elfriede (Tom): Baby girl hmmm
Elfriede (Tom): It's been so long
Elfriede (Tom): OH THATS RIGHT
Elfriede (Tom): NANI
Elfriede (Tom): "Yaya wants to be a baby forever!"
Nokri (Marisa): cursed
Nokri (Marisa): NO DON'T SAY THAT
Nokri (Marisa): how even does this outfit work
Elfriede (Tom): Hear me out, party decoration plus dress
Elfriede (Tom): Boom
Elfriede (Tom): Oh wasn't there an edge girl villian or something
Elfriede (Tom): YEAH SHE WAS AN IDOL
Elfriede (Tom): HA she worked for The Easter company
Elfriede (Tom): Eggs... Plz
Elfriede (Tom): Shugo Chara you are far too clever for me
Nokri (Marisa): ye! there was an angel and a devil chara. i think they were utau's charas but amu was able to transform with them too because amu just steals everyones dreams or something.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): amu needs to chill with the dreams here
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao, this shows plot
Elfriede (Tom): Top tier
Elfriede (Tom): For the favorite series bingo do you have to like the series, or just have seen it <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): probably just seen it
Nokri (Marisa): one of my favorite parts about this show is that the charas can just possess people randomly. like the prince guy would just randomly start acting arrogant if his chara felt he was being too useless
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah I remember him being a brat at times!
Nokri (Marisa): and yaya would just start acting like a baby because why not apparently
Elfriede (Tom): Of course! What better impression could you make on the 10-12y.o.s whating this show
Elfriede (Tom): And amu gets the powerpiff girls as charas cuz reasons
Nokri (Marisa): special snowflake with 4 charas smh
Nokri (Marisa): it can't beat kamichama karin though. DANG I SHOULDA PUT THAT ON BINGO KARIN IS GREAT
Nokri (Marisa): it's a magical girl show and their magical transforming catchphrase is "I am god"
Elfriede (Tom): If her eyes get any further apart <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): That's literally all I know about that show 😂
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): the manga is really adorable
Nokri (Marisa): big ol' shojo eye
Nokri (Marisa): s
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): Im getting dejavu of the I am god phrase
Elfriede (Tom): Hmmmmm
Elfriede (Tom): Did I.... See this?
Nokri (Marisa): i've probably talked about it before. it's gold.
Elfriede (Tom): Nahwww maybe like a clip
Nokri (Marisa): my conversation topics are limited and repeat every few months
Elfriede (Tom): That... Is possible.
Elfriede (Tom): Me 2 tho Les be honest
Nokri (Marisa): top kawaii manga
Elfriede (Tom): How old is this series?
Nokri (Marisa): and then the anime is
Nokri (Marisa): at least 10 years
Elfriede (Tom): SMOL LEGS
Nokri (Marisa): ye manga is 2003 and anime is 2007
Elfriede (Tom): Ooof
Elfriede (Tom): It gets scary when you watched an anime on release that's over 10 years old <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): we're so old
Nokri (Marisa): i was looking up classic anime a few hours ago and Kill la Kill was on a few lists of classic shows i was like. huh.
Elfriede (Tom): My first anime that I watched on the interwebs was either haruhi or footprints in the sand
Elfriede (Tom): Prob haruhi
Nokri (Marisa): H2O
Elfriede (Tom): Yeeee
Nokri (Marisa): mine was chobits rip
Elfriede (Tom): I watched that twice rhrough
Elfriede (Tom): Chobits was like my 3rd or fourth
Elfriede (Tom): I drew 2 of the characters from h20 on my shitty DeviantArt lmao
Nokri (Marisa): wait how long have u been watching anime
~~10 years? *noob*~~
Elfriede (Tom): Then one or two from DaCapo
Nokri (Marisa): DaCapo had a nice song. i can't recall it but i remember it was a nice song
Nokri (Marisa): THAT DING
THAT'S THE DING OF A NEW MYSTIC MESS CHATROOM FROM ACROSS THE ROOM
Elfriede (Tom): Oooof
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah prob 10 years
Elfriede (Tom): Maybe 11
Elfriede (Tom): Then code Geass and season 2 I got to watch on release woooo
Nokri (Marisa): time is weird
Elfriede (Tom): Right?
Elfriede (Tom): I watched the last episode of code Geass season 2 before school and cried and was depressed all day
Elfriede (Tom): I remember honestly thinking in highschool "boy I sure hope I don't die before getting to see the end of code Geass I'll be so sad"
Elfriede (Tom): Like I seriously thought that like what
Nokri (Marisa): passion 4 anime
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): there was someone who really killed themself when death note ended
Nokri (Marisa): or so the media claims
Nokri (Marisa): i don't quite think that's true though. hm. it's like the guy who was arrested at a park earlier this year for stealing whistles from kids "because anime made him do it"
Elfriede (Tom): Lmaooo
Elfriede (Tom): The opening that gives me the most "old anime.nostalgia" is bouken desho desho
Elfriede (Tom): Something about it is just so different from modern openings
Nokri (Marisa): BOUKEN DESHOU DESHOU HONTOU WA USO NI
Nokri (Marisa): there's a dance for that too
Elfriede (Tom): I'm sure there is :3
Nokri (Marisa): it from the video game
best song is para parade tho
Elfriede (Tom): Agh I never touched the radio dramas ~~cuz I didn't know they existed~~
Nokri (Marisa): radio dramas are the jam
Nokri (Marisa): did you ever hear the one of the attack on titan voice actors singing the theme song
Elfriede (Tom): Hayate was one of my older ones too
Elfriede (Tom): Oh no I have not
Nokri (Marisa): eren mikasa and connie's VAs i think
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDyT8a4Xh10
Nokri (Marisa): combat butler?
Elfriede (Tom): Oo ye
Elfriede (Tom): Ookamikakushi
When I was on my horror kick
Elfriede (Tom): And shiki
Elfriede (Tom): And higurashi <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): are there any songs with as many different versions as Dear You
Nokri (Marisa): hare hare yukai has a lot but I think Dear You has a ton more
Elfriede (Tom): Oo this video of them singing it is so pure
Nokri (Marisa): AA AA AA AA
Elfriede (Tom): Attack on Titans season 1 opening was so lit
Nokri (Marisa): *sneak attack by georgia*
Elfriede (Tom): I'm like 70% sure that was the reason I started watching the anime
Nokri (Marisa): was it not because of the naked giants
Elfriede (Tom): Oo rosaria vampire I watched during that time too
Elfriede (Tom): And the classic vm
Vampire knight
Nokri (Marisa): rosario + vampire cosplayers probably invented boudoir
*georgia what are those emoji*
Afina (Georgia🍀): the giants aint got no peen
Elfriede (Tom): MOT WRONG THO
Nokri (Marisa): *young lady your language*
Nokri (Marisa): NO
Nokri (Marisa): I WAS TOO LATE
Nokri (Marisa): there was one group at a con that had a whole photoshoot for upskirt shots
Elfriede (Tom): Oh no! How long ago was this
Elfriede (Tom): Did they get a bat to censor it 👌
Nokri (Marisa): nope 😭 It was a while ago, like at least 2012
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): Themost obnoxious form of censorship ever invented
Nokri (Marisa): yeah from 2010, i'll post in nsfw
Elfriede (Tom): An animated bat that takes up 3/4 of the screen
Nokri (Marisa): is it time to talk about censorship
Nokri (Marisa): have you seen sayonara zetsubou sensei
Elfriede (Tom): I don't think I have
Afina (Georgia🍀): i heard of it but never saw it myself
Nokri (Marisa): they censor stuff with the animation director's face
Elfriede (Tom): Omggg
Nokri (Marisa): thank u for your service sir
Afina (Georgia🍀): Beautiful
Nokri (Marisa): there was a guy who got kicked out of otakon for taking upskirt shots, he thought it was hilarious and uploaded a video to youtube of him doing it and complaining about being kicked out. it's disgusting
Elfriede (Tom): Omfg
Elfriede (Tom): That sounds aweful
Nokri (Marisa): it was right around when panty and stocking was popular so there were two cosplayers doing a photoshoot in the corner, one lifted the other's skirt for a funny picture but because they were in a corner there was no one behind them and it was fine. dude just purposefully walks behind them and starts taking pictures like wth
Nokri (Marisa): and then staff threw him out
Nokri (Marisa): man. anime and cons were a whole different world like 5 years ago.
Elfriede (Tom): OMG THAT'S TERRIBLE
Elfriede (Tom): Lays on floor and slides under someone already in photoshoot
Elfriede (Tom): I'm sorry an I making you uncomfortable
Nokri (Marisa): "you don't mind if i stand RIGHT HERE where you purposefully made sure there were no people, right?"
Nokri (Marisa): ooo they fixed the glitchy beach chat. thank u cheritz.
Elfriede (Tom): 🙌 🙌 🙌 🙌
Aldus (Jess): dat was alot of anime talk about animes i never seen
Aldus (Jess): but i read it all
Nokri (Marisa): Are you ready for the test
Aldus (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): thanks mystic messenger
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): i can't believe jumin got a book on me
Aldus (Jess): D: your a vampire?
Nokri (Marisa): i'm romanian that's kind of close right
Aldus (Jess): YEA! wow jumin knows you so well
Nokri (Marisa): find my autobiography in a shady back-alley market
Aldus (Jess): made jaehee go pay for it
Nokri (Marisa): hang in there jaehee
Elfriede (Tom): Congrats
Nokri (Marisa): the cgi of ray standing behind v with a bouquet of flowers is still really funny
Aldus (Jess): lmao
Aldus (Jess): my fav thing about that is how ray is so distracted that he doesnt even recognize v like really?
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
"who are you.... >:(
oh wait i need to get these flowers to someone it's super important bye"
Aldus (Jess): "well that guy looks awfully familiar"
Nokri (Marisa): mystic mess is doing a Q&A at otakon that'll be video'd and you can send in questions even if you aren't attending the con :3c
Aldus (Jess): WHAT
Aldus (Jess): omg
Aldus (Jess): *clears schedule*
Aldus (Jess): wheres the after endings for another story? is gonna be like the first question
Nokri (Marisa): you can submit them in advance too if you won't be attending!
https://cheritzteam.tumblr.com/post/176476726833/cheritz-got-questions-for-mystic-messenger?s=19
Nokri (Marisa): IT IS ISN'T IT
Aldus (Jess): amazing
Aldus (Jess): dang V's VA gonna be there too?
Nokri (Marisa): i foresee many blind jokes
Aldus (Jess): "Moreover, if we are permitted, we are planning to film the entire event and upload it on our Cheritz YouTube channel (subtitles included)."
Aldus (Jess): BLESSED CHERITZ
Nokri (Marisa): too pure. too good.
Aldus (Jess): "For the MCs who cannot come meet us at Otakon, we would like you to know that we understand how sad you must be. However, we will try our best so that all the MCs can have a good time in August!"
Aldus (Jess): 😭
Aldus (Jess): every time i read one of the'r update things im like "why you so nice?"
Nokri (Marisa): it's all part of their master plan
Aldus (Jess): probably
Aldus (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>  tfw next chatroom is ray
Nokri (Marisa): HERE COMES DAT BOI
Aldus (Jess): its so nice not having to be mean to him anymore
Nokri (Marisa): he get the love
Aldus (Jess): "is that a compliment? Ive never gotten one of those before!"
"you wanna know about me? no one ever wants to hear about me!"
"no ones ever cared weather i slept ok before!"
Aldus (Jess): this poor boy plz
Nokri (Marisa): save him jess
save him
Aldus (Jess): IMMA SAVE HIM
Nokri (Marisa): i bought the comiket catalog today and it came with a free thing and when the staff asked if I wanted type A or type B i panicked and said type A and it's basically the most fanservicey thing possibly. hentai without being technically hentai. help
Nokri (Marisa): one of these pictures looks like yang but with green eyes
Aldus (Jess): share
Nokri (Marisa): it's one of the most sfw images 😭
Aldus (Jess): share anyway
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): holy boobs
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): unreleased rika summer event art
Nokri (Marisa): that's it that's rika
Aldus (Jess): ~~now i know why v put up with her shit~~
Elfriede (Tom): Oh wow
Elfriede (Tom): Holy boobs indeed
Ashley (Swolfy): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): swolfy is here to kinkshame you
Aldus (Jess): ~~na shes here too look at boobs~~
Bill: ~~she’d be kink shaming you, you got the catalog~~
Ashley (Swolfy): Can confirm, just here for da boobies <:lenny:395307171539189760> <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): you're new so i'll tell you now: this is a very strict christian minecraft server
Bill: *its not*
Ashley (Swolfy): Heck
Nokri (Marisa): it is we minecraft all the tSWOFLY WHAT IRFD I JUST SAY
Bill: *No Minecraft. Not strict.*
Ashley (Swolfy): H e c k n D o W h a t I W a n t
Bill: That’ll do.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Dizzy: *swings the hammer, but it slips out of her hands!*
Bill: !ban Mawisa
Elfriede (Tom): !stab
Dizzy: *stabs Nokri (Marisa)!*
Nokri (Marisa): uwu dizzy i'll give you 5 redstTOM
Elfriede (Tom): Wow that luck
Nokri (Marisa): /is dead
Nokri (Marisa): 
Dave: Thx for joining me, if you need a phylactery, let me know
Nokri (Marisa): o i'm good thanks i have a mezuzah
Dave: KK
Bill: She thrives of homestuck blood.
Aldus (Jess): id do that anime bingo thing but im not sure i have enough to fill it oof
Afina (Georgia🍀): ~~crosses out anime and writes videogames~~
Nokri (Marisa): do the anime bingo!
they don't have games but they have characters
Aldus (Jess): you need 22 to fill it
Nokri (Marisa): 22 of the same anime
Aldus (Jess): *tried to think of 22 animes*
*can only think of 11*
Nokri (Marisa): ~~put them all on there twice~~
You can do manga too!
Aldus (Jess): ok i can think of 22 i have seen and know i enjoyed but i forget alot of what happened cuz mymemory is shit
Nokri (Marisa): time to rewatch all of them
Nokri (Marisa): A SUMMER BEACH CHAT WITH UNKNOWN
Aldus (Jess): OMGGGG EXCITE
Bill: “I’m going to shoot you”

“...”

“But at the beach.”
Aldus (Jess): actually he never threatens to kill MC, only kidnap her iirc
Aldus (Jess): can something still count as a fav anime if im not done watching it yet?
Bill: Replace with kidnap. And probably ravish cause <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Sure.
Nokri (Marisa): ye you can have a favorite that you aren't finished!
Nokri (Marisa): this chat is actually very threatening <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): OMG i wanna know but also dont want spoilers
Bill: Unknown: “I don’t like the beach”

Options:
A - Because of the sand?
B - because it reminds you of better times?
C - because you’re a dumbass wearing leather at the beach?
Nokri (Marisa): we're talking about alcohol and how bad it is
Nokri (Marisa): a good chat
Aldus (Jess): ~~somebody get him an icesweam~~
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): i wonder if it's all unknown or if ray/saeran will have chats too
Aldus (Jess): good boi unknown no do a drinky?
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): unfortunately 😭
Bill: Ray would be a late game spoiler though wouldn’t he?
Aldus (Jess): oh dont worry thats not alchchol!
Nokri (Marisa): ray shows up day 1 of after story but that might be a little spoilery
Nokri (Marisa): tru jess tru
Nokri (Marisa): ~~~just hard drugs~~
Bill: Whoo
Aldus (Jess): in main game seven is like "i dont drink" but then in V's route when v comes back from his trop seven like "save me some champagne!"
Nokri (Marisa): i just got done telling zen about how bad alcohol is and he calls and is like "yo! are you underage? how hard do you drink"
Nokri (Marisa): OH ANOTHER BEACH CHAT
Aldus (Jess): and i was like 😱  ~~so ya know he probably just turned to drinking after he realised he could have saved his brother~~
Nokri (Marisa): jess pls fast forward time this chat is golden
Aldus (Jess): i cannot D:
Nokri (Marisa): pls
Aldus (Jess): whos in this one?
Nokri (Marisa): unknown and yoosung
Aldus (Jess): awww ye
Nokri (Marisa): it's wonderful
Nokri (Marisa): resetting now for third chat
Aldus (Jess): i want unknown chats D:
Nokri (Marisa): GOT THIRD CHAT
Nokri (Marisa): also unknown
Nokri (Marisa): the yoosung one is by far the best but i can relate to the first one a lot
Aldus (Jess): is it tomorrow yet?
Nokri (Marisa): Yea go check
Aldus (Jess): lmao i wish
Aldus (Jess): i got one with jumin and zen and jumin and v
Aldus (Jess): the jumin zen one was pretty good
Nokri (Marisa): Ye that was cute
Aldus (Jess): jaehee looks amazing in the cover cg just saying
Nokri (Marisa): Jaehee chat when
Elfriede (Tom): Where <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): I hear Jaehee is shredded that Jaehee has a six pack
Bill: Didn't one of you share that cg?
Aldus (Jess): yea i think
Bill: *do it again*
Aldus (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): Meanwhile
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): YEA lmao
Nokri (Marisa): Right in the center where she belongs
Bill: *Where dat MC at*
Aldus (Jess): shes looking at all these beautiful people in front of her obviously
Nokri (Marisa): Oh one of toms posts is stuck in the middle of my page so he’s just asking “where” to everything
Oyasumi sweet swimsuit dreams
Aldus (Jess): night night!
Bill: *Sure but she one of them beautiful people*
Aldus (Jess): yea but since you're MC you are supposed to be looking through her eyes i think
Bill: And because it's a reverse harem game you're supposed to be *much* more interested in the guys.
Aldus (Jess): *draws mc standing in the water with a nose bleed*
Aldus (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Elfriede (Tom): Oo nuuu
Elfriede (Tom): Nicu art tho
Aldus (Jess): 👌
