Nokri (Marisa): absolutely dy-no-mite
Nokri (Marisa): the point card for the @home maid cafe
how do i obtain this level of weeb cringe
Elfriede (Tom): Oo forgot to mention here that me and Jess just watched howls moving castle for the first time.
Elfriede (Tom): Had me looking up all kinds of stuff about the original book trying to fully understand somethings but we fully enjoyed it
Nokri (Marisa): First........ first time? ??????????????
Nokri (Marisa): !?!?????!!!?
Nokri (Marisa): YOOOO tensei shitara slime also aired this week?? what a good week for anime
Nokri (Marisa): so glad rimuru looks feminine!! good!!!! he's been kind of overly androgynous in the manga lately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymGH1rvHUzM
Nokri (Marisa): and milim is in the anime? yooo how far into the story we goin here
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao we've told you we've seen like no Ghibli movies so many times and you are just as surprised every time xD
Nokri (Marisa): it's too unbelievable. too impossible. how.
Bill: goblin slayer is out. The guy who does the harem crap reviews blogged it and was like 'this is *harsh*'.
Bill: Oh hey, Alicization started.
Nokri (Marisa): Yesterday I looked up if the first episode had an opening theme song yet and all I got were “GOBLIN SLAYER EPISODE ONE rape scenes” and I was like “that’s not an op”
It’s fine. He slays the goblins. It’s fine.
Bill: I gave up on the SAO light novels mid alicization, maybe I should *try* the animu?
Nokri (Marisa): Characters still don’t have names rip
Nokri (Marisa): Sword art is losing its traction over here too I wouldn’t be too hopeful
Bill: doesn't have more traction here.
Bill: They've got what, two seasons green lit *just* for this arc?
Bill: It's pretty bad.
Nokri (Marisa): Do you know rimuru
Follow rimuru he’s in now he’s cool
Bill: I want to get back to watching a *little* anime.
Bill: Since I go to half a dozen cons a year.
Aldus (Jess): Goblin Slayer is def 'harsh'
Nokri (Marisa): He’s fine. It’s fine. They’re fine. A fine anime.
Bill: I need a chart, stat.
Bill: https://moesucks.com/2018/10/06/goblin-slayer-ep-1-give-me-my-light-hearted-fantasy-rpgs-back/
Aldus (Jess): I slicked this link and got like 4 'congrarulation winner!!!!"  Popups on my phone
Bill: odd. It's a direct link.
Nokri (Marisa): Same
Bill: I never go to the site itself though, I just read the article in my feed reader.
Nokri (Marisa): And a survey that wouldn’t go away
Bill: https://www.inoreader.com/article/3a9c6e79a81a98fc-goblin-slayer-ep-1-give-me-my-light-hearted-fantasy-rpgs-back
Nokri (Marisa): The girls in the anime look too kawaii uguu
Bill: ~~it's anime what do you expect~~
Nokri (Marisa): Gotta sign up for that link
Nokri (Marisa): I expect true art
Nokri (Marisa): Rimuru looks good
Nokri (Marisa): And when does kumochan come out. Next season?
Nokri (Marisa): Aha no release date yet womp womp
Elfriede (Tom): the anime does look pretty quality tho
Elfriede (Tom): the music and animations are clean
Elfriede (Tom): 
Aldus (Jess): KUMOCHAN
Nokri (Marisa): “Goblin slays” but spoken in the same way you’d say “Simon says”
Elfriede (Tom): Goblin slays touch your head
Elfriede (Tom): Goblin slays tear an arrow out of your arm
Elfriede (Tom): Goblin slays kill the youngoungs **NOMERCY**
Nokri (Marisa): Goblin slays *cave in this entire area because if you die the goblins are goin with you*
Elfriede (Tom): 👌
Nokri (Marisa): 
