Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): candy ray
Nokri (Marisa): Is that Jumin
Elfriede (Tom): I hope so
Aldus (Jess): Why is cheritz so precious
Aldus (Jess): Omg "candy ray" 😂😂
Nokri (Marisa): YONA
I CANT BELIEVE SHE DID THAT
Nokri (Marisa): Someone has to help me recreate the new chapter when I next cosplay Yona *pwease*
Aldus (Jess): what do we has to do?
Nokri (Marisa): *that*
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): u wanna kick me?! 😭
Nokri (Marisa): Someone been spending too much time with jaeha again. This isn’t even the first time smh
Nokri (Marisa): NO
Nokri (Marisa): No noO ITS STAGES
Nokri (Marisa): Staged
Nokri (Marisa): stagSTAGED
Nokri (Marisa): A CAPE SWOOSHER IS ALL WE NEED NO PAIN INVOLVED
Nokri (Marisa): if I somehow accidentally tap u with my foot u can sue me for damages
Elfriede (Tom): 🙌
Elfriede (Tom): LEG
Nokri (Marisa): Sued for cosplay crimes
Nokri (Marisa): halloween issue!! halloween issue!!!
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i can repost it because it's my image and i wrote that~~
Aldus (Jess): OMG D:
Aldus (Jess): i wuvz it
Nokri (Marisa): isn't yona amazing
Nokri (Marisa): leanna did better on the thing than she gives herself credit for. i'm surprised they find it difficult though i thought it'd be easy :0
Nokri (Marisa): oh i guess voltron season 8 is out given all the spoilers on tumblr. rip.
Bill: oh?
Nokri (Marisa): *unfollows the person with giant bolded untagged spoilers and images*
Nokri (Marisa): oh wait i guess only the trailer is out?
Nokri (Marisa): i just checked netflix it's not up but the news is new
Bill: Nope.
Nokri (Marisa): o december 14th
Bill: So. I mentioned we bought a NAS, or Network Access Storage. The thing is fully loaded with software, including a media server.
Bill: It does a hell of a job with anime. Some missing audio, some missing subs, but I've never had streaming software handle the files so well.
Bill: It can run Plex, which has better subtitle support, and the missing audio was from 10-bit encoded video (which was a mistake to get anyway) so hopefully I can just go through my anime drive like it's netflix.
Bill: #mistake
Aldus (Jess): Was <@301927856240459777>  here?
