No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): a man's battle
Bill: 
Bill: E-shuushuu has 39 pages for BNHA, which surprises me as they require a girl in images and the girls get no love in BNHA.
Bill: Dat hoverhand.
Bill: 
Bill: There's this series of uraraka by the same artist... but something seems off and I can't tell what.
Bill: 
Bill: I think it's the pupils being so small?
Bill: 
Bill: <@!245270932602486784>
Bill: #shipsthatwillgetyoushotinBNE
Bill: Tsuyu is most popular, not Toga. I'm surprised.
Bill: I don't get Todoroki/Momo.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i like kirimina
Bill: me too.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): better than kiribaku
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mina and kiri are both happy go lucky people with positive energies
Bill: Kirishima is (according to errata) the heart of the class, as is Mina.
Bill: They're the social leads.
Bill: Plus they have history... it'd be cute.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): they have history?! !!!!
Bill: They went to school together.
Bill: In middle school.
Bill: ~~This is BNHA, don't expect anything~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH KYOOT I didnt knwo that
Bill: Oh.
Bill: oops, I guess that minor spoilers.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont lol BNHA shipping is for the fun only
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no thats ok
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): they prob said it in the anime but i missed it
Bill: That comic from the other week is based on Kirishima's backstory having Mina.
Bill: She like, told him not to punch a bully.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OHHHH that makes os much more sense now, that was spicy
Bill: It was part of Kirishima's origin story.
Bill: I like this more and more though.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~bakugo does'nt deserve a gf or bf~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i like that about the same as kiribaku, cuz i just dont like bakugo opps
Bill: oh, want a short read where Bakugo suffers?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nooo i dont dislike him that much XD
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i like him beter now than i did at first
Bill: I mean I read it lol. It's a Uraraka x Bakugo, short, but sad.
Bill: But a nice take on Bakugo being... Bakugo.
Bill: https://archiveofourown.org/works/14764472
Bill: Oof I'm getting nothing done today am I.
Bill: ~~BakugoxUraraka is actually more popular than UrarakaxDeku~~
Bill: ~~"I bet you class 1-A couldn't catch you after a fall like that?! Huh?! Don't you think?!"
...
"What? Kendou? Why are you so quiet."
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): NAH FUCK THAT GUY
Bill: Pretty much yes.
Bill: surprised to see anything of him.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I shop him and minetta
Bill: PFFT
Bill: Best ship.
Bill: 
Bill: Whatever his name pursues Mineta endlessly because "I can be more attractive than those 1-A girls".
Bill: ~~Fem Bakugo is just his mom~~
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): Anyone want these?
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): 
Bill: Nothing like cussing out Mineta.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Who are they 😮
Bill: That's love lve.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo
Bill: Idols.
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): i ahve no use for them, was in my "worst grab bag ever"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Way else was on there?
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): 
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): And a small sushi plush that I gave to my cousin
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): How much was it?
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): $10
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nice
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): I had to buy it
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): 
Bill: I no longer have sympathy.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): OCAATTAAANAIIIYOOO
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I think Marisa is the only one with any love for ...lovelive. I think... Hmm
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And Audrey
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <@301927856240459777> (before I forget)
Bill: Marisa cosplays Love Live so maybeh?
Bill: 
Bill: The bakugo PoV is pretty much just quotable gold. Such as "aggressively not caring".
