Nokri (Marisa): O ye it’s a mobile game, used to be more popular in the past. It’s also the name of an artist I’m pretty sure. Didn’t they work on nier too?
Nokri (Marisa): today's delivery of mystic mess
Aldus (Jess): 😮💗😭 I've been blessed
Aldus (Jess): He's beautiful
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): tripltes
Aldus (Jess): Cursed image
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): "te he he"
Aldus (Jess): Holy shit 😂
Nokri (Marisa): i forget how excessively dramatic this show is sometimes and it's wonderful
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9hl5b5lds1rtz5kxo3_250.gif
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): Extra AF
Aldus (Jess): OMG that's perfect
Aldus (Jess): Shows up to work wearing that jaehee is like "kill me"
Nokri (Marisa): as if jaehee and all C&R employees aren't forced to wear them too
Aldus (Jess): New uniform
Nokri (Marisa): i like this version's little dance transformations. very magical do-re-mi-esque
https://data.whicdn.com/images/32798616/original.gif
Nokri (Marisa): this was also good until it wasn't anymore
Aldus (Jess): Is that Jenny from my life as a teenage robot? But like with a fire paint job?
Eliran (Halim): I think so
Aldus (Jess): Das my waifu
Nokri (Marisa): yee. they did that in one episode as a gag. i don't remember her wearing it in that comic
Nokri (Marisa): the rest of the comic i thiiink she looks regular?
Aldus (Jess): Dexters looking fine
Bill: Yeeee that webcomic was neat.
Bill: Powerpuff girls Z was awesome.
Nokri (Marisa): i like how the art really changed a ton over the years of ppgd ~~and then bleedman started drawing loli porn and lost his entire fandom~~
Aldus (Jess): Lol I keep recognizing more characters the longer I look
Aldus (Jess): NICE
Nokri (Marisa): eye spy all the cartoons
Nokri (Marisa): i think only 2 or 3 characters in that pic are OCs
Nokri (Marisa): the white powerpuff and the girl that looks like Him
Nokri (Marisa): oh and mini-mandy and junior
Nokri (Marisa): "When Jumin isn't home"
Aldus (Jess): Is he sitting on longcat?
Nokri (Marisa): longcat is an honored guest maybe he wants to be sat upon
Aldus (Jess): I just saw that Saeran pic on Tumblr, I love how the caption is like "just a doodle"
Nokri (Marisa): A simple sketch
They sneezed and that landed on the paper
Aldus (Jess): Right?! Like just an amazing work of art NBD
