Nokri (Marisa): Was today party
Aldus (Jess): nah tomorrow but ray calling made me cry a lil
Aldus (Jess): ~~cuz im pretty sure i knwo what happens~~
Nokri (Marisa): Hooo boy please liveblog the party
Aldus (Jess): lmao im not ready plz
Nokri (Marisa): Do you know what happens <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): not for sure but im p. sure ray gon die
Nokri (Marisa): orly
Aldus (Jess): 😱
Aldus (Jess): ye
Nokri (Marisa): I see
Bill: Maybe V will get some love then.
Aldus (Jess): why cant they both be happy 😭
Nokri (Marisa): V is a neener
Nokri (Marisa): Apologies for my harsh language
Aldus (Jess): I like V tooooo but like
Nokri (Marisa): Oh snap I am on a commuter rapid train. Nice. I thought I was in a regular train
Aldus (Jess): ray is so sweet 😭
Aldus (Jess): NICE
Aldus (Jess): hes so naive
Nokri (Marisa): How about Saeran
Aldus (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus (Jess): hes aaaaa not so naive
Aldus (Jess): hes spicy
Nokri (Marisa): A little not naive
Nokri (Marisa): Spicy jalapeño
Aldus (Jess): ~~but thats zen~~
Nokri (Marisa): Jaehee glasses emoji
Aldus (Jess): YES 🙌
Aldus (Jess): oh rikas whole "we can both be with V " call was very amusing
Nokri (Marisa): V’s like a timeshare
Aldus (Jess): like Rika no plz ~~you literally just stabbed him~~
Nokri (Marisa): She was trying to be nice and cut him in half. To share.
Aldus (Jess): oh yea that would be great!
Bill: I’m going to get some one really hot to cosplay V, come up to you, and shame you both.
Aldus (Jess): I LIKE V TOO hes v. (ha) relateable honestly
Nokri (Marisa): But biru you haven’t played V’s route you don’t know what a neener he is
Jess you’ll see he’s such a neener
Aldus (Jess): uh ohhhhhhh
Nokri (Marisa): Him and his Hawaiian shirts
Aldus (Jess): what a stoner
Aldus (Jess): with his damn peace sign necklaces
Nokri (Marisa): He’s such a hippie 
EXACTLY
Nokri (Marisa): His peace necklace fisosisvebejeks
Aldus (Jess): lmao!
Nokri (Marisa): I forgot about that but point proven
Aldus (Jess): "hey kids, want some sunlight"
Aldus (Jess): fucking hippie
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: ~~solaire?~~
Aldus (Jess): lmao
Nokri (Marisa): Boro the Caterpillar is strange and Ghibli can be the stuff of nightmares
Nokri (Marisa): So beautifuk
Nokri (Marisa): Also there’s incense everywhere for mosquitos that’s pretty neat
Aldus (Jess): what dat? 😮
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: ill take mosquite incense plz
Nokri (Marisa): Boro is the most recent film directed by Miyazaki
I think at this point he’s just messing with us
Aldus (Jess): oooo!
Nokri (Marisa): Someone just came and gave me a fork and some spoons wordlessly and then left
Nokri (Marisa): Spoonky
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: spoonky indeed <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: lil late for the month but cc mermaid
Nokri (Marisa): It’s never too late
Bill: Change one letter: RFA approved.
Bill: I'm sorry, did Nintendo, the family friendly game company, hire for pokemon, the number one childhood video game, a band called *Porno Graffiti*?
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i didn't post this on the wrong channel first~~
o they did the theme song for fullmetal alchemist too
Nokri (Marisa): is nintendo in charge of the anime. do they have any input in taht
Bill: I don't really care, it was mostly for the joke.
Nokri (Marisa): they also did the hero academia theme song i think
Nokri (Marisa): no jokes allowed the internet is serious
Nokri (Marisa): i can't stop thinking about boro the caterpillar it's so messed up
Nokri (Marisa): like it's a ghibli film and all the promo material makes it look so nice but like
all the sound is one dude making noises? like, acapella kind of "nyoom" and "bbbbbbbbbbbbb" noises it sounds absolutely ridiculous
bugs get straight up murdered and stabbed by another bug. no mercy.
there's so much poop.
yet miraculously no child cried during the film
Nokri (Marisa): i bet miyazaki was stressed with people telling him to make another masterpiece so he was like "lol watch this"
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Ewwww nnañnnnni
Nokri (Marisa): this is the best impulse buy i've ever made
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): omg<3
Bill: https://www.facebook.com/HowToTrainYourDragon/videos/10156049150880020/UzpfSTEwMDAwMzQ5MDA3NDQ1NzoxNTUyNTI4NDE4MjA2ODEy/ When did Hiccup get so manly.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: That's a nice statue
