Elfriede (Tom): I'm sitting next to another unknown at dinner
Nokri (Marisa): Is it a mirror
Elfriede (Tom): Solid mirror
Elfriede (Tom): Quality Kurtis meme
Nokri (Marisa): my Hero
the Mightiest of All
Nokri (Marisa): He’s hete
Nokri (Marisa): Woah Tom how did you make the mirror pose different from your pose. Was there another mirror in front of you that’s reflecting back for endless mirrors
Nokri (Marisa): Are you wearing cat ears
Nokri (Marisa): I need to know asking for a friend
Nokri (Marisa): Frilly cat ears
Nokri (Marisa): One thing about not being Asian at a Japanese nerd event is you get a lot of TV and press interviews  help
Nokri (Marisa): jeSS DID YOU SEE WHAT COMES WITH THE RAY/UNKNOWN BODY PILLOWS
Nokri (Marisa): jess is this you
Aldus (Jess): God I wish that we're me
Nokri (Marisa): god seven
Aldus (Jess): What comes with it?! 😮
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): i feel like this should go in nsfw
Aldus (Jess): OMG
Nokri (Marisa): there was also a jumin thing i think someone got, lemme find it
Aldus (Jess): That's amazing omg. Omg Ray side so cute 😭
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): I got that!
Nokri (Marisa): JUMIN LOVES YOU
Aldus (Jess): They gave them out at the panel!
Nokri (Marisa): were they all jumin? or were they different?
Aldus (Jess): I got an rfa dosier flyer, a mint eye recruitement flyer and the regular game flyer too but they got kinda beat up cuz I had to out them in my bag
Aldus (Jess): They were all jumin!
Aldus (Jess): At least that's what me and all the girls around me got
Nokri (Marisa): the panel was sponsored by Jumin
Aldus (Jess): Apparently jumins VA was going to cost too much for them to have come here cuz he trvels with an enterouge
Nokri (Marisa): some people got roses too :0
Nokri (Marisa): seriously???
Nokri (Marisa): ?????????????????????????????
Nokri (Marisa): rfa is real
Aldus (Jess): That's what I heard. The cast said he is rich, like irl jumin. Apparently zens va is into himself too like zen, and he improvises his lines alot
Nokri (Marisa): "we couldn't afford to bring Jumin's voice actor here" is the most understandable excuse
omg
Nokri (Marisa): zen's va takin' selfies in the recording studio
Aldus (Jess): They said that zen has the most honest lines in the game since they are mostly from the VA himself and not from the script. They showed recording clips of everyone
Aldus (Jess): Vs voice actor broke down crying while recording more than once
Nokri (Marisa): i saw clips on twitter but not a whole video yET OH NO REALLY
POOR V THAT'S SO SAD
Nokri (Marisa): did they do a live reading?
Nokri (Marisa): ~~sorry i'm being nosy~~
Aldus (Jess): Yea! They did scences from the game and they did a senaroi where the characters come to the con live they had like the "VN section" up in the screen with the subtitles while the VAs talked on stage
Aldus (Jess): ~~plz don't be sorry I wasn't to tell everything~~
Nokri (Marisa): OOOOH that's what that was! i saw like 20 seconds of it on twitter and i was like "omg what's happening"
spill all the beans jess. all of them.
is it a kawaii morning right now
Aldus (Jess): Most kawaiist of.mornkngs but I forgot I set an alarm for Sunday last week so I'm earlier than I wanted to be but that's ok!
Nokri (Marisa): no sleep only con
Nokri (Marisa): put on your cosplay and throw open the window curtain
Aldus (Jess): I took some pics but honesty I was too busy watching everything going on
Nokri (Marisa): was there a mystic mess meetup do you know? or just the big panel
Aldus (Jess): I don't think there was a meet up, def none on the schedule
Aldus (Jess): There was a vs mom cosplayer! 😭
Aldus (Jess): There was cosplay of every character, a Meetup would have been amazing 😭
Nokri (Marisa): omg i bet the va was impressed
Nokri (Marisa): VANDY??
Nokri (Marisa): was there a vandy
Aldus (Jess): Oh no, no vandy
Aldus (Jess): There was a bad ending mc/jumin <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): otakon is a family friendly convention
Nokri (Marisa): a christian con
Nokri (Marisa): OH there was a dude in line at comiket who was american and had a RWBY shirt on. that was the only rwby i saw tho
Aldus (Jess): The person cosplaying jumin was taking a photo with mcs wrist tryed up in red ribbons and I looked over and they were like "you want in on this?"
Aldus (Jess): Whoa! RWBY's in Japan
Nokri (Marisa): *run*
Nokri (Marisa): kerry and a few other rwby creators came to japan a year or so ago! they did a big rwby promotion event
Aldus (Jess): Then like 5 mins later Tom creeped up behind me and just stood there watching me for like 5 mins while I talked to other fans. Very in character
Aldus (Jess): Whoa! That's coo! All the people we're talking about them last week at the rtx
Nokri (Marisa): jumin comes up to you
tom pulls out a gun
~~"it's a prop"~~
Aldus (Jess): We we're gonna have a gun! But we couldn't borrow it fast enough! We did have a bomb trigger for the pics tho <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus (Jess): I only took 4 pics opps
Nokri (Marisa): OOPS
*OOPS*
GO OUT THERE AND GET MORE PICS
Aldus (Jess): There was a girl that was ray route mc with the black dress and she has elixer bottle earrings like omg so cute I need
Nokri (Marisa): omg that's a neat idea for earrings
Aldus (Jess): She ask tom.to take a picture wif her ~~i see who your favorite is gurl~~
Nokri (Marisa): ~~tom pulls out another gun~~
Nokri (Marisa): that sounds so cool omg. was the con noticably overrun with mystic mess?
Aldus (Jess): YEA hehe
Aldus (Jess): Props to tom for responding to 3 different character names when he hasn't even played the game <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): 胃わｓAA MY COMPUTER IS FREKAIN OUT
Nokri (Marisa): it switched programs and changed my keyboard languages like TH絵rfsいAGAIN
Nokri (Marisa): WHY IT DO THAT
Nokri (Marisa): unknown, saeran, did people call him ray?
Aldus (Jess): Yea people called him ray too 😂
Nokri (Marisa): someone just told me that on the last day of comiket from 6pm to 12am, it's the "6 hours of yakiniku" in which the most grilled meat is sold in restaurants all year
Nokri (Marisa): *is unknown ray??*
Nokri (Marisa): a debate topic. please prepare your argument either for or against unknown = ray with cited evidence
Aldus (Jess): Same body 🤷‍♀️
Nokri (Marisa): they do become the same person 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): quick go ask cheritz while you're still at otakon
Nokri (Marisa): knock on their door "excuse me cheritz"
Aldus (Jess): The VA was like hi I'm ____  and I voice unknown... and ray, ... and saeran
Aldus (Jess): Escuse cheritu I have big questions
Nokri (Marisa): "unknown...... ray...... and saeran......... some of you also know me as pookiebear and snufflekins........ mr. hunk............."
Aldus (Jess): ~~Marshmallow boi... Best boi... Baby boi...~~
Nokri (Marisa): the entire panel is just him listing names
Nokri (Marisa): then he goes "my mother used to call me....." and starts saying all this depressing stuff
Aldus (Jess): They did a section on each character and the charactera va and when they got a jaehee Ray's va was like "well my character and hers have 0 interaction but I love her, jaehee is my dream girl I'm confessing me lone to her right now"
Aldus (Jess): OH NO omg
Aldus (Jess): That would be so terrible
Nokri (Marisa): everyone loves baehee
ray talks with jaehee! in the visual novel! right? a little bit. basically "hi i'm saeran" "hi i'm jaehee, over to you jumin" and that' sit
Nokri (Marisa): i guess ray/jaehee is canon now
Aldus (Jess): Ya that's it 😭
Aldus (Jess): RIGHT omggg
Nokri (Marisa): raehee
Aldus (Jess): Vs va was like "i ship jumin and jaehee" and the crowds reaction was so mixed I lold
Aldus (Jess): Oh the producer/writer talked about each if the characters too and what she was going for with each of them
Nokri (Marisa): v just doesn't want jumin stealing his cult gf
oooooooo that sounds really cool
Nokri (Marisa): did she create all of them herself?
Aldus (Jess): Yea!
Nokri (Marisa): miss cheritz is amazing
Nokri (Marisa): cheritz route when
Aldus (Jess): I guess cheritz was failing and she started making  mysmess but she stopped for a whole year cuz she felt like a failure and then the fan letters from dandelion fans the thier other game encouraged her to finished the game
Nokri (Marisa): ahhhhh h that's so good. yeah there were very few people especially in the US who knew that dandelion and nameless existed, only super hardcore otome game fans. now they super famous and have cafes and speak to rooms jam packed with people
Nokri (Marisa): did they mention the ssum at all?
Aldus (Jess): Nope <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): too busy raking in that MM cash $$$
Nokri (Marisa): ~~nokri makes a dating game~~
Aldus (Jess): Sevens VA was like "one day all these American girls started following me on Twitter and I was like, 'what is this?' "
Nokri (Marisa): REALLY
Aldus (Jess): Yea!
Nokri (Marisa): that's really funny
Aldus (Jess): There were so many good moments 😭
Aldus (Jess): ~~unfollow me now this is all I'm going to talk about for the next 3 months~~
Nokri (Marisa): start a patreon
Nokri (Marisa): "for $50 a month you can hear me talk about otakon"
i will pay as soon as I start a patreon. "for $50 i will relay jess's information about otakon"
Aldus (Jess): Oh oh! Yoosungs van was like "I'm sorry for talking about Rika so much"
Aldus (Jess): ONG the real dream
Nokri (Marisa): HE APOLOGIZE
Nokri (Marisa): he knows
Nokri (Marisa): yoosung is sin
Aldus (Jess): He appologize, it was cute 😂
Nokri (Marisa): i wonder exactly how many of his lines have rika in them. what percent.
Nokri (Marisa): self aware VAs
Aldus (Jess): Vs voice actor spoke the best English out of all the VAs so he said some lines in English
Nokri (Marisa): what he say?
Nokri (Marisa): trash talking the other VAs in english
Aldus (Jess): They got to Rika character page and the guy was like "does anyone want to say and thing about rika" and he was like "I do! Rika, I hate you" and I think he said I love you? And something else from the scene reanactment beside that he switched from Korean to English the whole time
Aldus (Jess): While signing autographs he pointed to a pic with Rika on it and he was like "she's a very bad girl"
Nokri (Marisa): v that's not nice to say about your fiance
Nokri (Marisa): *maybe he knows what happens in the after ending*
Aldus (Jess): Hehehe
Nokri (Marisa): foreshadowing
Aldus (Jess): V plz leave Rika forever k thnx
Nokri (Marisa): *burns down house for her* ok now u need to go and stop culting
Aldus (Jess): Yea!
Aldus (Jess): Vs VA said it was really hard for him to get into character for v since v so submissive but once he imagine going through what v did he broke down and cried and then he was able to get in character 👌
Nokri (Marisa): so V's sobbing and pleading is real oh *no*
Nokri (Marisa): time to replay V's route
Nokri (Marisa): did biru go to the panel i bet he would've liked V
Aldus (Jess): Na I went by myself
Bill: I was photoing.
Nokri (Marisa): photoing v
Nokri (Marisa): YOU WERE ALONE?
Nokri (Marisa): WHERE TOM
Aldus (Jess): I hope they get the video up soon ish cuz it was Soo good
Aldus (Jess): Oh he drop me off in line, went and got me water and then picked me back up afterward
Nokri (Marisa): i can't believe he waited in line for water for like 2 hours
actually i can con lines are long
Aldus (Jess): It ok I was surrounded by womans
Aldus (Jess): No no lmao I wasn't going to subject him to watching the panel 😂
Nokri (Marisa): the newest cult
mystic messenger
Aldus (Jess): It tru
Aldus (Jess): During autographs I made the joke that the producer is the true savior and like 6 other girls around me were like YAS
Bill: I thought about going, but I’d have spent the whole time reminding Jessi how much she hates V.
Bill: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Aldus (Jess): 😭
Nokri (Marisa): jess you did it. For eternal paradise.
Aldus (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: And in reality, that’s 3 hours of the day I made use of for shoots. As much as I get a enjoy mystic messenger, priorities.
Nokri (Marisa): counter: mystic mess is a priority
Aldus (Jess): Ye plus there were like so many people that couldn't get in so I'd feel bad taking a seat if I wasn't into the game, personally
Aldus (Jess): MM is top priority 👌
Nokri (Marisa): oooooo true, good idea thinking of the fans
Aldus (Jess): It was like halfway over and people were still waiting outside hoping someone would leave
Nokri (Marisa): were people standing in the back too? or did they take the fire code seriously
Nokri (Marisa): aaa that's so sad
Aldus (Jess): Na seats only I think
Nokri (Marisa): the con planner in me nods but the weeb cries
Aldus (Jess): Poor weebs 😭
Elfriede (Tom): It was good I didn't go
Elfriede (Tom): They capped the line
Nokri (Marisa): :0
Aldus (Jess): Alot of people got turned away <:rip:369476083248267274>
Elfriede (Tom): That's one fan that wouldn't have been able to go
Nokri (Marisa): sad!
Bill: You beautiful martyr you.
Nokri (Marisa): next time less people need to cosplay mystic mess and more people need to wear ballgowns
sneak fans in under their hoop skirts
Aldus (Jess): The girl next to me in the panel was hovering her finger over the purchase button for another story for like 5 mins
Nokri (Marisa): she hadn't bought it yet??? girl hurry up
Aldus (Jess): I talked to the girl on the other side of me the whole time
Aldus (Jess): V and Ray's voice actors were basically like "thank you for buying out routes! ♥️"
Aldus (Jess): I was like guys plz it was like 6 monies
Nokri (Marisa): vaguely surprised no one was throwing money at the stage
Aldus (Jess): After end plz
Nokri (Marisa): AFTER END
Nokri (Marisa): MORE DLCS
Nokri (Marisa): did they give any hints about the dlcs
Aldus (Jess): Naaaaa 😭
Nokri (Marisa): real beach dlc
or maybe uhhhhhhhhhhhhHhhhhhhh
halloweenN??//
Aldus (Jess): Oooo maybe omg that would be so cute
Nokri (Marisa): we have christmas, valentines day, april fools. 
i can't imagine much for new year's unless it's a short thing like the valentines day
Nokri (Marisa): road trip dlc
Nokri (Marisa): you're stuck in a car for hours with the RFA and have to keep stopping at rest stops so everyone can get away from each other but they go in the chatrooms anyway
Aldus (Jess): Lmaoooo zen kills jumin 😂
Nokri (Marisa): jumin's like "that was a hired body double"
Aldus (Jess): V sweats nervously wedged between yoosung and saeran
Nokri (Marisa): WHAT IF DLC ABOUT MC BEING SICK
Nokri (Marisa): and they all worry
Aldus (Jess): Ommgggg
Nokri (Marisa): "guys it's just a pollen allergy"
"WE TOLD YOU TO EAT, YOU DIDN'T EAT DID YOU"
Aldus (Jess): Oh a girl gave me 3 free stickers!
Nokri (Marisa): what the stickers?
Aldus (Jess): A kitty seven a kitty unknown and the little witch crossover! Oooo hold I show
Nokri (Marisa): SHOW! SHOW! SHOW!
Aldus (Jess): 
Aldus (Jess): I got two of the unknown cuz the girl.gave one to tom too so I out him on my phone
Nokri (Marisa): THAT SO CUTE
Nokri (Marisa): I didn't realize the first one was MC aehgtrws i saw that on insta i think but I like the cat ones they're very kawaii owo
Nokri (Marisa): gotta make stickers for katsu
have a kawaii day uguu
Aldus (Jess): I know I was happy 😭
Aldus (Jess): Have a kawaii night!
Nokri (Marisa): did georgia and hal sleep over? or did they return home after the day was done?
Aldus (Jess): Na they go home
Aldus (Jess): Our room has components of mc, unknown and seven all over <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): canon room
the otakon route
Aldus (Jess): ~~looks like some kinda threesome happened~~
Nokri (Marisa): slumper paty
Nokri (Marisa): slume
slunber
SLUMBER
Nokri (Marisa): party yeahhhh
Nokri (Marisa): 😎
Aldus (Jess): Yea! Sure let's go with that
Nokri (Marisa): pure
Elfriede (Tom): They gave me the onknown one
Elfriede (Tom): Cuz I had the ears and tail
Elfriede (Tom): It was too accurate
Elfriede (Tom): Poster Dave got
Elfriede (Tom): GIANT RATTLEY BOI
Aldus (Jess): <@301927856240459777>  https://bakurainmystic.tumblr.com/post/176916950530/when-did-ray-become-so-foward-based-on-the
Aldus (Jess): Marisa my leg is on cheritz's tumblr!!
Aldus (Jess): https://peachyyvbee.tumblr.com/post/176904359177/heres-unknowns-part-and-no-i-did-not-blush
