Bill: I’m wearing a black leather jacket and a red shirt.
Bill: Am I unknown?
Nokri (Marisa): THIS ANNOUNCEMENT BETTER BE WHAT I THINK IT IS BECAUSE I PAID $6 FOR IT
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH SURE A MOVIE THAT WORKS
Nokri (Marisa): There’s also some really gorgeous ouran host club with guns scenes in this omg
Nokri (Marisa): ICHI IS SO SHORT SHE GOT CROPPED OUT OF MY COLLAGE ICHI NO
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): ooo royal tutor movie, gus i better finish the anime
Elfriede (Tom): Oh wow
Nokri (Marisa): Guess you’ll have to do that today
Nokri (Marisa): And nothing else
Aldus (Jess): i wish
Aldus (Jess): omg id love to go home and get bask in pjs and binge das shiz
Nokri (Marisa): what is stopping you
Aldus (Jess): responsibility
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): look at these beautiful children
Elfriede (Tom): I love that art
Elfriede (Tom): Damn
Elfriede (Tom): Is that supposed to be oran?
Nokri (Marisa): it's Aoharu x Kikanjuu
which is literally the exact plot of ouran
but with guns
Elfriede (Tom): Oo wow
Nokri (Marisa): a high school girl who looks and dresses like a guy goes into a host club and breaks stuff and racks up a huge debt, and the top princely host mistakes her for a guy and forces her to join his club. but here it's a survival game club
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao wowwww
Nokri (Marisa): it's absolutely amazing <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): it's even got the twins
Nokri (Marisa): but they're manga only
Nokri (Marisa): anime characters include the third teammate who's a reclusive hentai manga artist, a sadistic doctor, and the girl and guy who are the doctor's co-workers who also love him
Nokri (Marisa): in this essay i will discuss the cinematic parallels between tamaki and masaoka as they have homosexual panics over falling in love with their clubmate who they think is a guy but is really a girl
Nokri (Marisa): https://ptanime.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Aoharu-x-Kikanjuu-Especial-Kemono-tachi-no-Senjou-da-na-panda-e-cavalo.gif
Elfriede (Tom): Wait they changed the characters in the anime? Nano
Nokri (Marisa): naw naw the twins just didn't come along until later in the story. the anime is only 12 episodes
Nokri (Marisa): i'm trying to find a pic of the twins together but it's hard because reasons
Nokri (Marisa): wow what a great family
Aldus (Jess): looks gey
Nokri (Marisa): ya the one twin (younger i think?) is better at everything and the older one is a crybaby, but the younger brother has a stalkery brother complex and also is a yandere so the older brother likes to avoid him
Nokri (Marisa): but also older brother is relatable
Nokri (Marisa): older brother is probably the most sane person in the series tbh
Aldus (Jess): y he stab him eye?
Nokri (Marisa): they eyedrops! he puttin in eye medicine or eye drops or somethin
Nokri (Marisa): they come in cool shapes here
Aldus (Jess): OHH
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): Oh it ended early like rokka
Nokri (Marisa): i know what brand he has but i have a different brand
Elfriede (Tom): Sad too cuz rokka seemed promising
Nokri (Marisa): rokka's ending was so infuriating omg
Nokri (Marisa): SURPRISE everything in the last several episodes was POINTLESS! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Elfriede (Tom): WOOO
Elfriede (Tom): You mean the anime?
Elfriede (Tom): Oh yeah
Nokri (Marisa): ye
Elfriede (Tom): The manga is like so much longer tho
Elfriede (Tom): But I really liked the main character
Nokri (Marisa): do people still cosplay from that? i usually see a group or two at katsu
Elfriede (Tom): But omfg that last arc in the anime was AIDS
Nokri (Marisa): cosplay rokka
Elfriede (Tom): ATLER IS MINE
Elfriede (Tom): Or cat boi
Elfriede (Tom): But prob atler
Nokri (Marisa): i can't say fremy's name without going "fremy-o hotman"
Elfriede (Tom): I should add him to my cosplays list
Elfriede (Tom): YEAH LMAO
Elfriede (Tom): SAM
Elfriede (Tom): E
Nokri (Marisa): jess gonna be bunnygirl or fremy-o hotman?
Aldus (Jess): ~~whats rokka?~~
Nokri (Marisa): it's an infuriating anime that started out promising
Bill: Just call it infuriating, more accurate
Nokri (Marisa): omg nachetania even the name just gives me anger
Nokri (Marisa): nachetania sounds like a mean girls name
Elfriede (Tom): Oh yeah
Elfriede (Tom): For sure
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): Adlet woops
Aldus (Jess): OH THAT
Nokri (Marisa): adlet sounds like a smaller version of something else.
Elfriede (Tom): Adlette
Elfriede (Tom): A form of bowsette
Aldus (Jess): yea i saw a few episodes and then fell asleep and tom binged the rest without me
Nokri (Marisa): that's so cruel
Nokri (Marisa): was it that boring or were you just tired
Elfriede (Tom): Nah Justin and Rayna wanted to continue
Aldus (Jess): i was tired, i was after the ren faire last year
Aldus (Jess): ok
"tom and justin and rayna binged the rest without me"
Nokri (Marisa): revenge
Aldus (Jess): i feel like it could have been good in the beginning but i think i made it to sp. 8? maybe
Nokri (Marisa): oh that's all you need to see <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): that's all the good part
Nokri (Marisa): oh crabcakes the bnha exhibition is this week not next week. guess i'm going to that tomorrow.
Nokri (Marisa): Today I saw this. Are they ok. Do they need help.
Bill: They need to be rescued.
Bill: And brought to america.
Nokri (Marisa): they just
😐
Nokri (Marisa): whatever happened to the manga about the mermaid who ate her friends
Nokri (Marisa): oh it's put on hold because the scanlators are doing other stuff like the horus manga
i forgot about the chapter where she eats the childhood friend she had a crush on. this series is messed up.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): oH NO THEY DROPPED HORUS and totsukuni no shoujo that's why there haven't been any updates
jess this is what happens when you eat sushi
Nokri (Marisa): you're eating someone's childhood friend
Aldus (Jess): NOOOO
Aldus (Jess): sushi is so good tho
Aldus (Jess): do u not eat soosh mawisa?
Nokri (Marisa): only certain types of shrimp, and egg sushi
Nokri (Marisa): not caviar just egg
Nokri (Marisa): chicken egg
Nokri (Marisa): 🥚
Aldus (Jess): 😮
Elfriede (Tom): https://www.reddit.com/r/CodeGeass/comments/9lcoxk/this_is_so_cute/?utm_source=reddit-android
Aldus (Jess): lol the comments: "Did Ccyreaus design this?"
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao fucking probably
