Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): rip Rin
Elfriede Faun (Tom): OOO i got a rin figure coming
Elfriede Faun (Tom): ...some day
Elfriede Faun (Tom): but it was on sale and cute
Nokri (Marisa): rin!!! she needs a tiny steamroller
Elfriede Faun (Tom): What for 😮
Nokri (Marisa): her steamroller!!!!!
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oh
Elfriede Faun (Tom): why does she have a streamroller
Elfriede Faun (Tom): running over len shouting mudamudamuda
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Rin would never do that, she loves her brother <:lenny:395307171539189760>  rite?
Nokri (Marisa): road rolla
Elfriede Faun (Tom): roado rorrah
Nokri (Marisa): omg no there are many songs and art about her steamroller
Nokri (Marisa): len is also technically her as a guy
Nokri (Marisa): they're the same person often portrayed as twins <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KI6U-d8-UxU
Elfriede Faun (Tom): but.... they show up togethor... all the time...
Elfriede Faun (Tom): hmmmm
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): that's just one of like hundreds of songs about her steamroller
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBj_ifDI1fY
Elfriede Faun (Tom): this is perfect
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i love it
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yellow fat road roller
Elfriede Faun (Tom): FAT
Nokri (Marisa): *it's delicate*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): RUNNING IN THE NINTIES CEPT ITS A STEAMROLLER
Elfriede Faun (Tom): cant help myself from fortnite dancing listening to this
Elfriede Faun (Tom): d-d-d-d-d--d-d-d
Elfriede Faun (Tom): DEJA VU
Nokri (Marisa): there's such an old video of them just saying road roller but i can't find it
Nokri (Marisa): I HAVE BEEN IN THIS PLACE BEFORE
Elfriede Faun (Tom): HIGHER IMN THE STREEETSS AND I KNOW ITS MY TIME TO GO
Nokri (Marisa): OH i think this is it
Nokri (Marisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Dx65lqDl78
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH there it is
Elfriede Faun (Tom): wasnth there a wierd thing with that song where exactly every minute and 3 seconds it says deja vu or something
Nokri (Marisa): road roller
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i need to find out now
Nokri (Marisa): *deja vu*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): wow i remembered the time stamp correctly
Elfriede Faun (Tom): im trash
Elfriede Faun (Tom): they are trying
Elfriede Faun (Tom): so hard
Elfriede Faun (Tom): to speak english
Elfriede Faun (Tom): https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/688899de-0d22-4714-806a-955e317ae8be
Elfriede Faun (Tom): ROADO ROLLAH
Nokri (Marisa): ROADO ROLLAH
Nokri (Marisa): you memorized that exact part of nemo eh
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :3c
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ya know I've always wanted to do Len
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Cosplay him that is
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That needed clarification
Nokri (Marisa): DO LEN
vocaloid group lets go
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Maybe once I get my shit together for link
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woo is similar
Nokri (Marisa): We can all invest in leeks and octopi and road rollers
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like it's 8 years ago
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Need a Lenny face but with Lens hair, know what I mean?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Rinny and Lenny
Bill: Not a huge fan of this tournament arc for one punch.
Bill: Wow Tohru’s family are a bunch of dicks.
Bill: This whole leaving arc feels weird to me.
Bill: Like.
Bill: I get she wasn’t close to the grandfather.
Bill: But.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm so disappointed in the new episode
they totally changed it from the original anime so what used to be the funniest episode in the entire series is just a dull slice of life fest
Nokri (Marisa): i get that the original anime was highly flawed in terms of loyalty to the original manga *but that episode was so good why'd they have to totally change it*
i was really looking forward to it
Bill: I love dog guy. Really do.
Nokri (Marisa): he's a lot more toned down in a good way
he used to be all "high school girl! living in my house! whee! i love high school girls"
Bill: Low key hate how Rat constantly takes Kyo’s cool moments.
Bill: *oh look symbolism of being finally chosen by someone*
Bill: It’s just like... kinda a strange scenario. I guess she is leaving a “bad” home life for a better one, but like... this is usually a finale that comes with a confession of love, not a confession of family.
Bill: Suppose the show has a strong theme of family tho.
Bill: *I swear to god tho if Yuki wins imma hate this series*
Bill: Tohru
Leans down
“MC it you”
Nokri (Marisa): They her family now they can’t marry her, that’s incest <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i dont understand why u dislike Yuki so much but ok~~
~~maybe it's something I don't know yet~~
Nokri (Marisa): I think he’s only seen the same episodes as you? Is that tru
Bill: I don’t hate him but he constantly one ups Kyo.
Bill: I don’t like that.
Bill: Haha. I guess it’s the same reason Tohru gives for liking the cat zodiac.
Bill: *Im a waifu girl now*
Bill: But yuki always better than kyo, never giving Kyo a break... I don’t think Kyo is perfect by any means, but I hate seeing him struggle like that.
Bill: And it’s a conscious decision from Yuki to do that to him.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~kyos so salty tho~~
Nokri (Marisa): They established that wasn’t true, that Yuki wasn’t one upping Kyo all the time. They’re just jealous of each other and trying to “win” in their own ways. Yuki can beat him up but Kyo can actually interact with people at school
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea it seems like kyo is pretty damn obsessed with competing with him too
Bill: Kyo HELLA salty. He ain’t great either, has lots of character development to do.
Aldus Larian (Jess): They seem to have that whole sibling rivalry thing from both sides to me
Nokri (Marisa): If anyone is always one upping Kyo it’s Kagura owo
Bill: But like, Yuki beats Kyo up and holds his superiority in things over Kyo. He actively does that. 

Kyo is better with people and is more normal, but that’s just him being himself? Yuki is jealous but it’s not something Kyo is doing TO Yuki.
Nokri (Marisa): They’re like 15 years old
Aldus Larian (Jess): Kyo literally was introduced by falling through the roof to literally beat yuki. Or am I remembering it wrong?
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's what happened right?
Nokri (Marisa): Ye he fell through the roof but then Yuki messed him up for messing up the roof
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh ok
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t think Yuki could break through the roof though
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea imma go with sibling rivalry. There's def thing the other one does that they are jelly of
Bill: Oh yeah.
Bill: Idk I just feel like Yuki is more... mean about it.
Bill: Maybe I somehow associate more with Kyo so I want to take Kyo’s side?
Bill: I don’t see how, I’m not sociable or a martial art geek.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean you can be partial to a character without having to associate with them
Bill: ~~I guess I can be kinda snarky and tsundere tho~~
Bill: I think it’s association cause at the same time I’m like “wow Kyo dumb as fuck”.
Nokri (Marisa): kyo's not really snarky, everything just gets under his skin
yuki's the snarky one <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea kyos just annoyed by everything
Aldus Larian (Jess): During the last episode all I thought when kagura put down his eggy was
"What is this?"
"Affection"
"Disgusting"
Aldus Larian (Jess): But then not the "do it again" part
Bill: That’s a better description of Kyo yeah.
Bill: ~~comparison still valid oops~~
Bill: Yeah I totally think I’m associating with Kyo and don’t like Yuki because of all the reasons Kyo doesn’t like Yuki. The subconscious is great.
Nokri (Marisa): do we get under your skin all the time? 🙀
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wut you're nothing like kyo
Nokri (Marisa): he's finally coming out as a furry
Bill: You right Kyo popular <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I love Tohru’s friends so much.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg no ~~I think kyos a bit of a lil bitch~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): But I'm giving him a chance
Nokri (Marisa): biru is saying he related to stalking people from the treetops and crashing in roofs to fight his cousins
Bill: Oh he is lol.
Bill: No ones perfect.
Bill: *except Tohru, but her being so perfect is her problem*
Bill: God, whoever ends up with Tohru is going to have serious issues thinking they’re not worthy of her ridiculously unselfish love.
Bill: Which part of the new one got cut down?
Bill: ~~anytime Tohru’s face isn’t visible I think she’s MC~~
Nokri (Marisa): the new episode?
Nokri (Marisa): ||the slumber party was an absolute mess in the original. everyone kept bumping into each other and transforming and frantically attempting to hide their transformation until eventually shigure, yuki, and kyo were just casually naked in the garden trying to come up with excuses||
Bill: DAMN
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH I THOUGHT IT WAS GONNA BE A HUGE COMEDIC EPISODE BUT NOPE
Bill: || If you said the culture festival was the cut part I wouldn’t have cared cause culture festivals are a dime a dozen but the slumber party had so much POTENTIAL ||
Nokri (Marisa): ||naw yeah, some little things got cut from the culture festival i think? but all the main stuff was there. the slumber party was SO different||
Bill: Fucking rip
Nokri (Marisa): ||kyo frantically running down the stairs with everyone's clothes before he transforms back, shigure casually pretending to be a neighbor's dog, yuki getting stuck in the kitchen as a rat while uo-chan is getting drinks and she mistakes him as part of a pile of onigiri or something. it was SO good.||
Bill: I’m so sad.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Time to watch this episode, then go watch the original version of that episode
Nokri (Marisa): YES PLEASE
Nokri (Marisa): if funi doesn't have the original (which they should it's like 90% of their existence) i can find it for ya
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Kk fam, do the episode numbers line up?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nooo babe!
Aldus Larian (Jess): U gotta wait for me
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh ofc silly, not now
Nokri (Marisa): original is episode 6
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): ||the new anime put things out of order from both the first anime and the manga. originally, the "slumber party"/visit was before the culture festival. and in the original anime, the slumber party/visit and the culture festival were 2 different episodes that each took up 1 whole episode||
Nokri (Marisa): ||so slumber party is 6 and culture festival is 7||
Elfriede Faun (Tom): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNWr_Jlx6p0 man this opening is a trip watching it today
Nokri (Marisa): NEKO MIMI MODO DESU
Nokri (Marisa): I was singing that for an hour yesterday because I moved her costume
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :3c
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i didnt realize you did her
Elfriede Faun (Tom): but understandable
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah!! It was like 9 years ago tho
Nokri (Marisa): I still have everything tho
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yeah i think i watched it like 11 years ago so that lines up
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 11 years 😿
Elfriede Faun (Tom): you still fit in it?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): same height? >w>
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah :0 most of my stuff from like 6th grade onwards still fits
Elfriede Faun (Tom): damnn i didnt even start growing til like junior year TwT
Elfriede Faun (Tom): maybe sophomore
Nokri (Marisa): Juniors size
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i was a v smol freshman omg
Nokri (Marisa): Pics or it didn’t happen
Nokri (Marisa): Pics of you specifically being measured
Elfriede Faun (Tom): hmmmmm
Elfriede Faun (Tom): ill hit my gramps up, if anyone has em its him
Elfriede Faun (Tom): on black and white camera
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i had to stand still for 40 minutes
Aldus Larian (Jess): Babe answer my Facebook message plz
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oo facebook?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): lemme see
Aldus Larian (Jess): I realize that sound ride, bit it's just a question I need answered
Nokri (Marisa): I just tried it on, hazuki is a little too big <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): I think she always was though because ITCHY SKIRT
Elfriede Faun (Tom): OOo it the white outfit?
Nokri (Marisa): yee
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yee i could see how that would be
Nokri (Marisa): Digs into the skin like a machete
Nokri (Marisa): Ending outfit
Nokri (Marisa): The one ending was in French I remember. So fancy.
Nokri (Marisa): OH it’s not the skirt. It’s not entirely the skirt. The steel is poking out of the top eyyy
Nokri (Marisa): 👀
https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2019-05-10/kiss-him-not-me-junko-launches-new-manga-in-june/.146592
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ooo neeto!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): To the outfit <:pew:543202259085950996>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I've never read kiss him not me 🤔
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And ye FRENCH ENDING
