N🆗ri (Marisa): Did you catch up? OwO
N🆗ri (Marisa): Also this was posted earlier!!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It you!
N🆗ri (Marisa): why do all the bad anime have great soundtracks
Elfriede Faun (Tom): IVE NEVER EXPERIENCED THIS
Elfriede Faun (Tom): STAND OFF
N🆗ri (Marisa): STAND OFF
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Let's see what I have in the meme reserves
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's the last meme I have saved,take it or leave it
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'll pay $4.20
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I also have this cute pictures of 2B and her operator
N🆗ri (Marisa): i've been singing mistsudomoe all day without realizing what it was and now i'm horror
N🆗ri (Marisa): oo
N🆗ri (Marisa): nice memes
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Classic
N🆗ri (Marisa): e a t m o s s
Elfriede Faun (Tom): A S U K A
Elfriede Faun (Tom): A S T H E T I C
N🆗ri (Marisa): i hate this anime
they're talking about their class hamster who they named that
http://24.media.tumblr.com/2073c12305f74272bd7106f2ad8188e0/tumblr_my66rvnpJ91rkmjjzo5_500.gif
N🆗ri (Marisa): asukaaaaaa
Elfriede Faun (Tom): BIG OFF
Elfriede Faun (Tom): My phone's awful, always correcting oof to off
Elfriede Faun (Tom): You'd think it'd learn by now
N🆗ri (Marisa): oof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and then correcting off to oof
N🆗ri (Marisa): the one girl likes the hamster the best and takes care of it the most
http://24.media.tumblr.com/49ba8eb910e9f5e414ef47a034c0a259/tumblr_my66rvnpJ91rkmjjzo2_500.gif
N🆗ri (Marisa): a fun game to play with your friends
http://pa1.narvii.com/5941/a2c0bf4c6ea335ad0c817760fd08085d00f73d6e_00.gif
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ahhhh
N🆗ri (Marisa): lets play it at zenkai does anybody have two steel bats
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I have a wooden katana for yato!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Is that a metaur from MegaMan
N🆗ri (Marisa): me too!
we can make do with those now we need a hat
N🆗ri (Marisa): ooooo it's a safety helmet owo
Bill: Please no I haven't recovered from Anohana.
Bill: I'm on chapter... 55 Marisa.
Bill: The lion link symbolism is on point.
Bill: ~~he a good boi~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): i cant wait for I Love Yoo to come back. I missed the last chapter update so im reading it now
Aldus Larian (Jess): Shin-ae's about to leave both these bois in the dust and go for thier dad
Bill: || Oof no I was getting used to Link and Sam but Link and Angela are cute and I like it ||
Aldus Larian (Jess): how tf did i miss like 3 true beauty updates
Bill: Mawisa I read all of lets play
Bill: Am Hooked
Aldus Larian (Jess): THIS GURL just texted her crush to see where he was, to make sure she wouldnt run into him and wouldnt have to put makeup on wow what a mood
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thought this was just some comic about make up and bois but here we are with psychiatrist visits, anti depressants, death and the bs that is the idol industry!
Bill: Gotta love webtoons being written by depressed artists who are up to date on mental disorders!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i start reading lets play now
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo i like her hair
Aldus Larian (Jess): this guy is straight up shaggy
Aldus Larian (Jess): whats your dream work environment?
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): *looks at all my saved screenshots/memes*
wow im hilarious !
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lets play is pretty good i like it
Bill: Where you at?
Aldus Larian (Jess): shes got all the bois in the office tlaking about how they can fix indigers rating system
Bill: That's during a slow part of the comic I think. It really picks up in the 40s or 50s.
Aldus Larian (Jess): o rlly? i like it
Bill: it's all good. I'm just saying it get better.
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg i almost just burst out laughing when charles asks her to go to dinner and it has the little visual novel choose your response thing
Aldus Larian (Jess): ESCUSE COULD YOU NOT GET TOO REAL ™  with me?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WOAH
Aldus Larian (Jess): right?!
Aldus Larian (Jess): aight now im crying wtf
Bill: What chapterrrr
Aldus Larian (Jess): 31?
Bill: OHHH yeah when Link comes in he comes in strong.
Aldus Larian (Jess): boi got me all torn up 😭
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 🤔
Bill: *It's short for Lincoln*
Bill: I've never met anyone named Lincoln but if I did. Link.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I know a kid named Lincoln who went by Abe
Bill: Wait marisa who you ship tho.
Bill: Kinda wanna find a new comic to read. Don't want to get hooked on something before con.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I ship canon
N🆗ri (Marisa): So Sam x Marshall
N🆗ri (Marisa): I usually ship the canon couple unless it’s a harem then I’m very lost
Bill: I mean ye true. Figured you'd like Link tho. He good boi.
Bill: Tho ~~Link Angela~~ has sparks and Sam Marshall eventually will.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I don’t really like Link I liked Charles more until recent developments
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yee
N🆗ri (Marisa): Link is. Hmm. Too extreme?
Bill: He protecc
Bill: But I see what you mean.
Bill: Which developments? Cause Charles has had. Many.
N🆗ri (Marisa): ||why he sleeping around boi u so gross||
Bill: Oh really? He give me bad vibes way before that.
N🆗ri (Marisa): He was neat. A little too forward. But now he is trash <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wanna click these spoilers really bad
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well I already clicked the first one
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: catch up and be the tie breaker on Charles.
Bill: *Jess: who? I can't see anything through Link's lushous locks*
Aldus Larian (Jess): I clicked the second one
Bill: Tis not as bad as Marisa makes it sound?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean link does have long hair, and he's a duel baritsa/emt and the drives a Wrangler 🤔
Bill: Everyone in this comic too ripped for you tho right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): But that's ok
Bill: ~~I suddenly understand unrealistic body expectations on women~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I haven't decided my opinion on Charles yet
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marshell has good potential he's got some stuff to.worn out but I'm way behind you guys
Bill: The density of hot and nerdy in these people is suspension of disbelief breaking.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean link makes somewhat sense cuz emt is a physical job but like you wouldn't be THAT ripped
Aldus Larian (Jess): it showed marshal running but running doesn't do THAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): need to read more tho
Bill: I mean, it fiction. I don't care that much. But like. You have a world of warcraft guild made up of the homely girl, a yoga instructor, a hot redhead, a MASSIVE black guy, a punk kid, and a rich loli. 

That should be a overweight programmer, an overweight weeb, someone's girlfriend, the token hot guy who barely shows up...
Bill: Oh, the guy living in his parents basement, can't forget him.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ITS FINE
Bill: I'd believe Marshall works out, since he's in entertainment. I dunno if you need abs you can grate cheese on if you keep your shirt on during streams though.
Bill: ~~or maybe he doesn't~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): like being that ripped takes major commitment
Bill: yeeee
Bill: Charles is the believable 'active lifestyle' build. Most believable rather.
Aldus Larian (Jess): WAIT
Aldus Larian (Jess): i totally though Angela and Vikki were girlfriends XD
Bill: YO ME TOO
Bill: Definitely though lesbeans first time they were around.
Bill: They explain them living together a little bit eventually.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the voice im giving charles in my head is so fancy man i hate it
Aldus Larian (Jess): holy fuck im dying her dad is hilarious
Bill: He’s perfect.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i feel like im watching sams sexual awakening
Bill: I mean.
Bill: Yes.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
