Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i found manga that's got the worst pacing ever
chapter one: typical "i'm going to magical school! oh no, i've been attacked by orc en route to magic school! wow, i'm really strong and beat them all!"
chapter two: "so i went to magical school and made lots of friends but i was too strong so they kicked me out and i became a wanderer and changed my name and now i'm in a new country and, hey! who's that hot noble guy over there?"
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): there was a sudden 2 year time skip after the first chapter for absolutely no reason, and it was glossed over in about 3 pages
Bill: That’s one heck of a pacing owls
Bill: Spyro is one of the top loops in the infinite loops.
Bill: Coincidence?
Bill: Dear and fluffy lord, the mlp loops are 2.2 million words long.
Bill: Rwby clocks in at...
Bill: *Oh* 2.1 god bless the rwby fandom.
Bill: Jurassic park also is in the 29+ chapter category.
Bill: Marisa do you know where the goblin slayer anime ends in the manga?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i haven't had time to watch the anime yet, what does it end on? i can tell you the corresponding chapter
Bill: It’s apparently out of order... they did the water capital, farm siege...
Bill: *Ash’s Pikachu is the anchor for Pokémon loops, lol*
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): orly? that's fun
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): if i remember correctly they just finished the water capital in the manga. farm siege was a while ago. it's about to kick into a festival
Bill: Ooooooh William in TROUBLEEEEE
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): maomao appreciation post
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): oh snap!! big news!?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): *are we gettin an anime*
Bill: Who dat.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): hana from takane and hana
very funny romcom
it's gotten more romantic lately but it took a long time to build that up, the beginning was entirely them trying to one-up each other
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): two people who are inseparable but 500% fed up with each other
Bill: Oh I’ve read that. She cute in the color art.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): yeah!!! now give us the anime.
or it might be a fanbook like yona got but i'm hoping it's the anime
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): oh man it might even be a finale announcement
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): has anyone read The Promised Neverland
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): there's a cafe opening for it nearby and the drinks have the kid's tattoo numbers on them and i can't tell if that's cute/quirky or insanely messed up. bit of both i guess.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): so psyched for the anime i've seen promos for it around department stores and it looks so good
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That sounds like identification numbers and scary
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): :3c
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): all i can think of is some poor housewife bringing her kids here and being like "so what do the numbers on the drinks mean?" and the kids have to explain while the mother listens in horror
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Are they prisoners in the manga?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): you should read it and find out!!!
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): the beginning is like yona where something suddenly changes everything
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): they're not exactly prisoners? they aren't in prison
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): GOOD
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): NNNAAAAAAAAAA
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Wakanda Forever, Yeong-gi
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 🙅
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Not doing that emote to say no, only cuz it looks like the cross arm pose thing
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Understandable have a nice day
Bill: <@!351785752197201920> <@!301927856240459777>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): yeah!!!!!
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): they were advertising the movie back at summer comiket i'm psyched to be psychologically ruined
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): oooo this is a new one
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Ooooooooo
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): yo people absolutely lose it when this song comes on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXinQynzITI
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): grabby hands i love this
Bill: You need a William.
Bill: ~~and a Damien cause <:lenny:395307171539189760> ~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i could do either dani or monica i love them both they are lovely
Bill: ~~Remember when Hooky was this pure?~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I got to that part !
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 💕
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Or this, my god
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Bondrewd get outta here
Nanachi stays
Bill: YOU STARTED READING HOOKY?!
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I started before you did but didn't get far
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That dude is like straight out of destiny
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): A gaurdian gone bad
Bill: ?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The abyss villain
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> waaaaake uppppp I gotta go through the season chart.
Bill: `Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai: Tensai-tachi no Renai Zunousen` this sounds cute but I also know it's probably a disappointment. 

`Manaria Friends` seems neat. 

`Revisions` sounds like a knock off, can't remember of what. The one with Slaine?
Bill: There's one about hot boy DJs.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): So many anime about hot boy DJs. That’s the new Hip Cool Swag
Ooo is kaguya sama getting an anime? That’s fun
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Was everyone in the sever just in a voice chat or did I dream that
Bill: dreamed it.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Darn, trying to be part of it is what woke me up but it makes sense because there were like ten people in aurii’s voice chat
