Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEAH
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And like a foot taller
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Daddy deku
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Caught up in dragon prince 🤘
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah aravos has that major big dick energy holy fuck
Aldus Larian (Jess): Emma too gud for this world
N🆗ri (Marisa): Too pure
N🆗ri (Marisa): Too delicious
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh no
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Shit idk how to write the spoilers on phone
N🆗ri (Marisa): || !
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): || text ||
N🆗ri (Marisa): Sees your anime suffering
Laughs as a manga reader
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mys mess didn't lie, honey butter chips are pretty damn good
N🆗ri (Marisa): you obtained the legend!?
N🆗ri (Marisa): what do they taste like?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I DID swolfy got them for me 🙌
Aldus Larian (Jess): They are like potato chips but a lil sweet and honey-ey
Aldus Larian (Jess): There's an Asian food Mart like 40 mins? From us? And they had a giant bin of them
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): THAT'S SO MANY
N🆗ri (Marisa): the mystic mess bin
N🆗ri (Marisa): i saw that pic and i first thought swolfy bought all of them i was like "dang swolfy REALLY likes 707"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
N🆗ri (Marisa): you gotta do a photoshoot at that supermarket now just jump in the bin
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg ya
N🆗ri (Marisa): like scrooge mcduck but instead of gold coins it's honey butter chips
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't wanna throw the bag out 😂
N🆗ri (Marisa): save
reseal
bada bing bada boom you gots yoself a new prop
<:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I want more
N🆗ri (Marisa): resort to blackmailing the supermarket
Aldus Larian (Jess): They only like $3 I could just buy more
N🆗ri (Marisa): feed into the capialism
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wanna go there too cuz I wanna try taiaki? Is that's what it's called?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Da fish bun
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Taiyaki
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Let's go
Aldus Larian (Jess): That!
N🆗ri (Marisa): invite me to your house i can make those i have a taiyaki pan
N🆗ri (Marisa): but bring beans i don't have beans
Aldus Larian (Jess): You say that as if there isn't an open Marisa invite
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Gotta go to the Asian supermarket anyway xD gotta get that red bean paste
N🆗ri (Marisa): like a fairy i can't go anywhere without explicit permission them's the rules
N🆗ri (Marisa): they sell azuki beans at wwwwwwwwwwwwegmans yeah that's what it's called
and then you combine it with sugar water and simmer it for like 6 hours and that also makes red bean paste
N🆗ri (Marisa): cream taiyaki is best
N🆗ri (Marisa): lets go to chichibu i know an old lady there who makes her own wooden keychains that sells really good taiyaki
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's across from a park we can chill
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): what is he even doing
Elfriede Faun (Tom): _0_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): His best
N🆗ri (Marisa): seven needs a forward facing emoji so i can be actually productive in the middle of the night
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think he's loling? Like saying the word? But I have no clue
Aldus Larian (Jess): Also GOOD EYES
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 🙌
N🆗ri (Marisa): i hope this is just an artsy drawing and not some deep foreshadowing about how they're just puppet characters aaaa
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): I knew you'd appreciate that one
