N🆗ri (Marisa): WHAT
WHAT
I FINISHED THE SERIES THAT I'VE BEEN FOLLOWING FOR LIKE 2 YEARS AND THE PROTAGONIST JUST FLIES OFF INTO THE SUNSET? ?????? IS THAT IT
N🆗ri (Marisa): why u do this to us
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wow what a troll
Dirty Lego (Tom): 
Dirty Lego (Tom): A still from the movie :
N🆗ri (Marisa): they touch
Bill: HUH
Bill: So that slow burn Uraraka/Bakugo fic was called two black dots.
Bill: This is why.
Bill: I *never* would have noticed that.
Bill: 
Bill: tumblr people, whats the deal with Zines?
Dirty Lego (Tom): cute
N🆗ri (Marisa): they fun and for charity
N🆗ri (Marisa): cute
Bill: But. what are they.
N🆗ri (Marisa): basically american doujin
N🆗ri (Marisa): artbooks and fanfic in a mini magazine made by fans
Bill: this kacchako writer was involved in one I think, but finding it is hard.
Bill: 
Dirty Lego (Tom): important technique
N🆗ri (Marisa): my favorite naruto
Bill: 
Bill: 
N🆗ri (Marisa): who called franken fran hentai was it u
N🆗ri (Marisa): fran so pure
https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/images/cms/house-of-1000-manga/62278/franken1.jpg
Dirty Lego (Tom): those are some neet murderducks
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Zines are collections of fanart and sometimes fanfic too they ussually have a theme like a certain character or ship. A bunch of writters and artists ussually get together to do them and then you can order them and all the proceeds go to charity, at least from what I've seen. Sometimes you'll get extras with the zine love buttons or postcards or keychains
Bill: OOooh, so they aren't published online really?
Bill: That might explain why I only see them talked about, rather than the content.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Sometime, but not publicly. Like you might pay $15 for the PDF version of the zine and $25 for the print version
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Or an artist or writtwr will post their contribution tot be zine if they so choose, ussually a little whole after the zine has been released or they will post a preview of the art or writting
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But yes the whole point of to pay for access to it so the proceeds can go to charity.
Bill: Yeah, that makes sense why I never see it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Since it's a fic they may have posted it on thier fanfic.net or ao3 account (or whatever they use)
Bill: Yeah, I was thinking of jumping from the writer to the zine.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Unless they published it completely on thier own there will probably only be like a one shot in there from them
Bill: when
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Cuuuteee
Bill: Do that during boudoir, probably the next time you'll have Tom in Ren. And also. That'd be extra adorable.
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): aw this cute
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oo das cute
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yeah das cute
Dirty Lego (Tom): I like all Naruto family fan art
Dirty Lego (Tom): It good stuffs
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye is pure
boruto's dad sure has a nice family even if a lot of fans despise it
N🆗ri (Marisa): i think imma go with this wallpaper for now
N🆗ri (Marisa): *I can do a slideshow whaaaaaat*
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Dirty Lego (Tom): There be is,aldi
N🆗ri (Marisa): jess did you reblog that
N🆗ri (Marisa): i can't remember what your username is but who else has a blog that is "basically a shrine to elf boys, and white haired anime boys, and the Mystic Messenger boys, occasionally other stuff."
N🆗ri (Marisa): JESS HOW DID YOU NOT SHARE THE MYSTIC MESS YONA POST WOW
N🆗ri (Marisa): and this this is good stuff
N🆗ri (Marisa): BUT THE YONA ONE? REALLY?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What have I done
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's your tumblr blog right
N🆗ri (Marisa): you just reblogged that?
N🆗ri (Marisa): or did i find your twin
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I reblogged those!
Bill: Oh I guess we gotta pipe all of Jess’s tumblr reblogs to discoed now.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That is my blog I am trash
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye where's the tumblr discord
N🆗ri (Marisa): hook us up
N🆗ri (Marisa): jess didn't share the mystic mess yona post
Bill: ~~it’s doable~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't this I saw it 😮
N🆗ri (Marisa): but you reblogged it :0
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~ppz don't do that~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): can we get toddbot in here too everybody loves toddbot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But that means I shared it!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You mean like on here?
N🆗ri (Marisa): connect the internet
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There it is
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I remember now!
Bill: I don't know your username.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Good
Bill: So it'll never happen.
N🆗ri (Marisa): https://discordbots.org/bot/461265486655520788
N🆗ri (Marisa): i can dox jess
Bill: ~~it was her fault you got pizza do it~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): i have
the power
N🆗ri (Marisa): >:0 JESS
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean you can just plz don't make the automatic poster thing cuz then I won't reblog anything for fear of being annoying
N🆗ri (Marisa): no u gotta
N🆗ri (Marisa): doxxed
http://starlight-drive-in.tumblr.com/
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea das me
N🆗ri (Marisa): don't forget georgia for the day she finally answers my asks
http://wezrez.tumblr.com/
Bill: ~~tumblr's are like diaries imo, I won't go reading Jess's if she never wanted to share it~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): an me
http://princessvanellopevonschweetz.tumblr.com/
N🆗ri (Marisa): whaaat
tumblrs are like echo chambers
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh i need to change my description
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nah I just reblog
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I almost never make an original post
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): All my OG posts are enderal. I have an idea for a MM playlist post but idk if people like those things
N🆗ri (Marisa): my original posts are just manga stuff and i'm not in walking distance to a manga store anymore
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah!!! playlist posts are big
N🆗ri (Marisa): do it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whoo!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I should like queue more stuff I feel like I'm annoying just posting g like 24 things in row and then nothing for 6 months
N🆗ri (Marisa): i've been in a panic because my queue dropped below 200
N🆗ri (Marisa): frantic reblogging
N🆗ri (Marisa): what have i even been posting idk it's stuff i queued up 3 months ago
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My friends used to make fun of me when I'd get really into things so I was like conditioned to think it's annoying to "fan girl"
N🆗ri (Marisa): noooooooooooooo
N🆗ri (Marisa): nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
N🆗ri (Marisa): live ur dreams
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So like I'm self concious about showing my.tumblr to friends but I know you guys get it and don't think is annoying even if my brain is like "stop annoying them"
N🆗ri (Marisa): like what is this
i don't remember this at all
N🆗ri (Marisa): show us
N🆗ri (Marisa): show it to us all
N🆗ri (Marisa): biru dox jess so we see everything
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You follow me silly! But sometimes I think I'll annoy you too 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And then I'm like "Marisa wouldn't think that"
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye i've got a girl who posts disney screencaps all at once until she hits post limit and it's still fine
N🆗ri (Marisa): what's post limit, 250 posts a day?
N🆗ri (Marisa): 250 disney screencaps all at once. is fine.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOA idk o never post that much
N🆗ri (Marisa): post it all
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You posted this today!
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH!! korby
N🆗ri (Marisa): he round
N🆗ri (Marisa): this is my next queued post it should post at 3
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): i can't tell if it's yoosung or adrien but both are Moods
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh no hair thingies might be adrien
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Sneak peak
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yoosung has purple eyes
N🆗ri (Marisa): ooooo u right
N🆗ri (Marisa): you would know
u love that one face of his
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NOOoOooOo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He looks so sexual
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And like not it a good way
N🆗ri (Marisa): i still can't believe he got us with this
N🆗ri (Marisa): how dare
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That eye totally isn't shot out
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Zen step aside.yoosing is the best actor
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~maybe i thought he had blue/green eyes cuz he's always crying~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): He Is And Here's The Proof
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Best actor
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): O no someone just reblogged like 900 cute saeran posts, time to be annoying
N🆗ri (Marisa): time to reblog all 900
N🆗ri (Marisa): where are they
*where are the reblogs*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Amazing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Did you see the smash intros?
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There's too different posts I've seen I reblogged one the other day but the other is older
N🆗ri (Marisa): i can't believe mystic mess is confirmed for smash
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Then I'd actually play
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Eat a potato
N🆗ri (Marisa): im gonna draw mm fanart who should i draw
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ALL
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I FOUND IT
N🆗ri (Marisa): IT'S KIRBY
N🆗ri (Marisa): diggin the hourglass
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He expense
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Draw yoosung and his terrible bedroom eyes
N🆗ri (Marisa): because u like it so much
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~draw seven and saeran hugging~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): while yoosung watches
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So I kinda forget, but is V not blind in another story?
N🆗ri (Marisa): imma draw genderbend them :0 ~~because i forgot guys are hard to draw oops~~
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmaybbe?
N🆗ri (Marisa): wait no i don't think so? because it takes place 2 years before?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wow if you are me, my blog is quality
N🆗ri (Marisa): maybe he's jsut starting to lose vision
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I think so
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Bois are just boxes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So box
N🆗ri (Marisa): bawks
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I have only drank out of my ghibi mug since buying it like all other mugs are cancelled
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oooo a girl I met at the bnha shoot is an MM fan
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oops they go by they
N🆗ri (Marisa): i lost track of what was on every layer lol
nintendo remind me in 30 years to redraw this
N🆗ri (Marisa): hey biru can you pin zenkon i think that's very important
N🆗ri (Marisa): what channel is that even in
N🆗ri (Marisa): just pin it in every channel to be safe
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IT HIM
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It was in shitpost
N🆗ri (Marisa): ahh yes, sspost
