Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): NEKO MIMI MODE NE
Raphtalia is such a queen I’m happy for shield hero anime
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): NEKO MIMI MODO
Bill: 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): wakanda forever mirio
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): omg the promised neverland starts airing this month i'm so excited
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ~~changes katsu plans to throw in a neverland cosplay~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it's so simple i just gotta make the skirt, get a wig, and do the tattoo. i can use my chise boots
Bill: I told Leanna about Katarina yesterday.
Bill: ~~I had to go find images cause she had no idea what it was~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): DOES SHE LIKE KATARINA
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): aw
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): is leanna entering the hall contest? can we be hall buddies because that line be boring
Bill: don't think so.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): aw
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): honestly highly considering cosplaying emma now aretdjykjthrgefrw
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it'd be so easy
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): the missing saturday cosplay OwO
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): did leanna have anything to say about katarina now i'm nosy
Bill: not really. conversation quickly moved to something else.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): operation get leanna to read otomegame
Bill: get EVERYONE to read it, it short and great.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): good idea lets do it
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i like accidentally stumbling upon songs that i've heard but forgotten
this is such a cute song. it's about a cat that loves its owner and fantasizes being a cool guy who can rescue her at any time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ev98u-ZiT18
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it's also got some cinderella/beauty and the beast elements
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): tfw u just a cat
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): o. the noticable rise in yuri series being posted online is because of yurifest. animate had a big display for it so there's likely gonna be a brief rise in yuri this month.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it's like watching the stock market but it's anime.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): GGggghggghhhhhhhh time to recycle the last of my magazines
All my faves are on top of the piles this is so hard
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): actually wait. one of these has a bonus chapter of Yona that i absolutely can't find anywhere online so I'm gonna grab it real quick and get pictures.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it's weird that no one's posted that chapter online. maybe because it was in a different magazine than usual?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): do they even know it exists
Bill: Not even the author knows.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It’s great we’ve got uhhhhh
Jaeha stuck in some thorns who is promptly ignored by Zeno
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Ao practically shriveling up and dying
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): And a very refreshing Hak
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): rip my children
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): At least I can keep the freebies that came with them
and they were all super cheap
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): On Hak smiled
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): He smile and call them rascals for fighting
Such refresh
Bill: <@!350855105123319808>
