N🆗ri (Marisa): my girl
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Them eyes
N🆗ri (Marisa): OH this took a sudden big turn and ran over several potholes
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): OH
N🆗ri (Marisa): THERS A NEW FRANKEN FRAN MANG???a/A/A/A???????
N🆗ri (Marisa): SGHRZTJYH
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): CHAPTER ONE?????
N🆗ri (Marisa): A NEW SERIALIZATION
N🆗ri (Marisa): hey guys just a suggestion but maybe another font would be better perhaps
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOF
Bill: oh god
N🆗ri (Marisa): can u read it
Aldus Larian (Jess): with much effort yes
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's got the old fashioned thing going where the S's look like F's
N🆗ri (Marisa): jess passes!
N🆗ri (Marisa): the more i look at it the better it gets so maybe it's just the jarring first impression
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): living as an emperor's.... pance?
Aldus Larian (Jess): fiance
Aldus Larian (Jess): no, its a terrible fint
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ooooooh
Aldus Larian (Jess): the purpose of a font is to be read, if it can serve that purpose with at least minimal effort, it a bad font
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also <@!301927856240459777> please close some tabs holy shit
N🆗ri (Marisa): they're the manga i'm reading this morning i can't close them until i'm done reading them
N🆗ri (Marisa): eyy discord in manga <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): wow discord is famous
N🆗ri (Marisa): there's such a storm brewing over that 1000th nendoroid release competition
all the fandoms are rallying trying to get their favorite in as the next figure announcement
it's such a passive aggressive bloodbath
N🆗ri (Marisa): OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
N🆗ri (Marisa): that yona cliffhanger
N🆗ri (Marisa): they're gonna brush it off i know it, they're gonna play it down and have all the characters pretend nothing happened for 50 more chapters
Bill: Did you see the jessies do Yona and Hak at AB?
N🆗ri (Marisa): jess? :0
Bill: I'll give her credit, she made a bathrobe look not bathrobe at all.
Bill: https://www.instagram.com/xjessekun/
N🆗ri (Marisa): fancy yona skirt :0
Bill: No picture of her boyfriend (couple account) as Hak.
Bill: Only must have done it on story.
Aldus Larian (Jess): not hak
Aldus Larian (Jess): Shin-ah!
N🆗ri (Marisa): if they have any pictures together now is the day to post it
N🆗ri (Marisa): SHIN-AH
Bill: ~~oops I knew that~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): now isn't a good time for shin-ah pictures
N🆗ri (Marisa): biru u gotta read yona
Aldus Larian (Jess): still have to catch up
Bill: No <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
N🆗ri (Marisa): they got yona front and center
Aldus Larian (Jess): YO they looks AMAZING
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that whole cosplay is gorgeous on her
Bill: Yup.
N🆗ri (Marisa): but then hak was chosen to stand alongside every other female protag lol
Bill: They're such a beautiful couple though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): both of them. i was like 😮
Bill: I wanna hang out with them.
Bill: Gotta do that at some point.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i already wore yona at animenext and otakon but i somewhat want to do her again
Bill: GOOD
Bill: That’s the secret Mawisa. Rewearing a cosplay means you love them even MORE
N🆗ri (Marisa): but i did rewear yona
Bill: It scales. You could love her 3x more.
N🆗ri (Marisa): are you challenging how much i like yona
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): me, who specially imports HanaYume when it comes with a Yona freebie
who was so on point with buying it that the bookstore dude *knew* the exact days i'd go to his shop and exactly what i was gonna buy
who went to the live action play and pre-ordered the fanbook and has multiples of everything so i can keep one in mint condition always
Bill: Sup Konachan.
N🆗ri (Marisa): the other group that asks me to room with them is my yona group maybe i'll just have to return to them
N🆗ri (Marisa): to show my love for yona
Bill: You mean Courtney and them?
Bill: Or Jess Tom and Georgia who wanna be your Yona group.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i mostly need more yona cosplay pictures. i only have a few that are decent and they're all visually very similar. my otakon shoot got messed up so i have few pictures of me in it ~~but i have beautiful pictures of other cosplayers aaaa~~
Bill: And Andrew.
N🆗ri (Marisa): courtney and co., and amy's group also
Bill: Dunno Amy. I’ll shoot it if you do wear it again.
N🆗ri (Marisa): would you? :0
Bill: *I'm fully aware of how much you love it, of COURSE I would*
Bill: I'll have no ideas for poses though.
Bill: Not that I'll need them, cause you memorized every page of the manga.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i kick and shoot arrows at people
N🆗ri (Marisa): sometimes stab
N🆗ri (Marisa): sometimes get stabbed or poisoned
N🆗ri (Marisa): or drugged
N🆗ri (Marisa): <:rip:369476083248267274>
N🆗ri (Marisa): v when he sees MC and ray in mint eye
N🆗ri (Marisa): yona meme bandwagon choo choo
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wish i could read that
N🆗ri (Marisa): we gotta learn korean
Aldus Larian (Jess): shit u right
N🆗ri (Marisa): someone reposted this in the yona tag but that's not yona smh
N🆗ri (Marisa): dark dragon dark dragon
N🆗ri (Marisa): i can't remember the name of that red hair/white tiger manga hmmm
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg cuuute
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m here for it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Marisa get stilts and be my Hak we can do this
N🆗ri (Marisa): i don't think i can be muscley like hak so can i be lili
N🆗ri (Marisa): not handsome
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oo thought the tiger and girl.was.yon too
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Red Bob hair with lightning tiger screams yona
N🆗ri (Marisa): naw, yona was so popular it spawned a few copycat series
that one is about a girl with red hair who gets a pet tiger that's a little kitten but it can teleport and also shift between being a big scary tiger (with the girl's magic) or a hot guy
they get thrown in jail and i think the tiger has a magic clone too
N🆗ri (Marisa): OH i think i found it
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah!! there's only a couple of chapters in english online though so they don't have the part where her hair is shorter
N🆗ri (Marisa): maybe the above image is a crossover of yona and this manga <:thinku:543194478614413318>
N🆗ri (Marisa): look its aldus
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Idk who volkanovski is but he's toast
N🆗ri (Marisa): *volkanon no*
N🆗ri (Marisa): yona girls group cosplay we recreate this scene
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh volkanon
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Rip aldus
Elfriede Faun (Tom): There's also the bishop of heaven in disgaea named Volkanus
N🆗ri (Marisa): yoooo you know what would be a cool costume
battle zeno
all scratched up and bloody with torn clothes
Aldus Larian (Jess): bring da feels
N🆗ri (Marisa): i wanna cosplay this, i might be able to get away with the open sides by wearing a compression shirt
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's contoured
N🆗ri (Marisa): one of these that goes all the way around and matches my skintone
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Could yeah
N🆗ri (Marisa): swole zeno
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Could just have the sides open but the top would need to be more secured ofc
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Might just be easier with the tight shirt
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye i feel like i'd keep taping it and gluing it throughout the day if it was just open
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh wow it'll be a while before rwby season 7 is released, they just started recording today rip
Bill: It’s not till late fall.
N🆗ri (Marisa): idk if anyone watches steven universe but here's a great comic
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): tragedy
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 😭
N🆗ri (Marisa): people were talking about what if yona started picking up clothing habits from everyone and buri drew it aaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuuute
Elfriede Faun (Tom): NOCE
