Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ive been on jaehees route for less than a day but im already ready to yeet jumin out a window
N🆗ri (Marisa): but think of the money <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the chat about booking his flight had me having work ptsd
N🆗ri (Marisa): jumin is such a big neener in this route
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im not ready
Bill: https://l.messenger.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.otakuusamagazine.com%2Ffirst-two-fruits-basket-episodes-screen-u-s-cinemas%2F&h=AT3gu9_WNPvYY-Lto0fkRB7SO8CwgxmsoGPlEJAQpbfYgF1HwPyp_c1cnWooQJjfopbfWuchBhGvl2NFK_UhyEMYORFdOQN_Iz1_Oa2reXR922wYZVtY3rMg-wMsxnLFPuBoUInT0Z69HrY
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH AND IT AINT WITHIN A HUNDED MILES OF KE I’m so angry I wanna cosplay kagura
N🆗ri (Marisa): Wow remember when otakuusa had a physical magazine. Sad
Bill: how were you able to tell? the funi website doesn't list theatres.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I went around to cinemark and fandango’s websites they have stuff listed
N🆗ri (Marisa): Deep search
N🆗ri (Marisa): Closest is on the other side of philly
Bill: More locations might become available.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Prayer circle
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Who let seven do drugs?
N🆗ri (Marisa): when does he do drugs :0
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh he doesnt lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it just sounds like hes high, of course thats pretty normal for him
N🆗ri (Marisa): when he sound high :0 that's immoral
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Don't even try to tell me this isnt just unknown sending one of those shitty bit coin emails
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's a dangerous hacker <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I get those at work and they make me lol so much
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hello!

My nickname in darknet is clemente28.
I hacked this mailbox more than six months ago, through it I infected your operating system with a virus (trojan) created by me and have been monitoring you for a long time.

Please check "from_address" for this email. You will see what I wrote this letter to you from yours account.

Even if you changed the password after that - it does not matter, my virus intercepted all the caching data on your computer and automatically saved access for me.

I have access to all your accounts, social networks, email, browsing history.
Accordingly, I have the data of all your contacts, files from your computer, photos and videos.

I was most struck by the intimate content sites that you occasionally visit.
You have a very wild imagination, I tell you!

During your pastime and entertainment there, I took screenshot through the camera of your device, synchronizing with what you are watching.
Oh my god! You are so funny and excited!

I think that you do not want all your contacts to get these files, right?
If you are of the same opinion, then I think that $764 is quite a fair price to destroy the dirt I created.

Send the above amount on my BTC wallet (bitcoin): 13imy3S2nBKu5itBiik7ZAEz5KsDGS6FhG
As soon as the above amount is received, I guarantee that the data will be deleted, I do not need it.

Otherwise, these files and history of visiting sites will get all your contacts from your device.
Also, I'll send to everyone your contact access to your email and access logs, I have carefully saved it!

Since reading this letter you have 48 hours!
After your reading this message, I'll receive an automatic notification that you have seen the letter.

I hope I taught you a good lesson.
Do not be so nonchalant, please visit only to proven resources, and don't enter your passwords anywhere!
Good luck!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): esspecailly the part where they are like "you should take better care of your passwords"
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh
oh wow
they're so polite omg
N🆗ri (Marisa): Since reading this letter you have 48 hours! 😄
Bill: this is. really hilarious.
N🆗ri (Marisa): ask them to be our friend
N🆗ri (Marisa): clemente28-chan
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): every time i get one i just pretend its unkown and lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): "hey hot stuff"
N🆗ri (Marisa): "how's rika"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the somewhat-off English just makes it that much better
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im reading the others i have they are all too funny
N🆗ri (Marisa): do you ever respond?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah u cant cuz they are from your own email if u hit reply
N🆗ri (Marisa): *the e-mails are coming from* ***inside*** *your e-mail* <:woah:543194447345876998>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'll begin with the most important.

I hacked your device and then got access to all your accounts... Including techtalk@c-techtraining.com.
It is easy to check - I wrote you this email from your account.

Moreover, I know your intim secret, and I have proof of this.
You do not know me personally, and no one paid me to check you.

It is just a coincidence that I discovered your mistake.
In fact, I posted a malicious code (exploit) to an adult site, and you visited this site... 

While watching a video Trojan virus has been installed on your device through an exploit.
This darknet software working as RDP (remote-controlled desktop), which has a keylogger, which gave me access to your microphone and webcam.
Soon after, my software received all your contacts from your messenger, social network and email.

At that moment I spent much more time than I should have. 
I studied your love life and created a good video series.
The first part shows the video that you watched, and the second part shows the video clip taken from your webcam (you are doing inappropriate things).

Honestly, I want to forget all the information about you and allow you to continue your daily life.
And I will give you two suitable options. Both are easy to do.
First option: you ignore this email.
The second option: you pay me $750(USD).
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): doesnt even send a greeting RUDE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "i made all these videos of you, but id like to forget, so pay me"
Bill: Yes, cause I log in to my work email before I look at porn.
N🆗ri (Marisa): ask to play 2-person minesweeper together through the remote controlled desktop
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this isnt even my account its like a side account im just copied on
Bill: pfft.
Bill: Who the fuck would use RDP for a keylogger anyway.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the first time i got one a couldn't stop laughing
N🆗ri (Marisa): save them all and make an album
N🆗ri (Marisa): really fancy scrapbook like one
N🆗ri (Marisa): woah apparently ffak just hit 5000 pages! :0
