Dirty Lego (Tom): so yall ready for this question
Dirty Lego (Tom): its a doozy
Dirty Lego (Tom): ..
Dirty Lego (Tom): ..
Dirty Lego (Tom): ..
Dirty Lego (Tom): wtf is love live
Bill: Idols.
N🆗ri (Marisa): A game and an anime and a sensation that swept the nation
Dirty Lego (Tom): is it...
Dirty Lego (Tom): singers?
Dirty Lego (Tom): /models
N🆗ri (Marisa): They sing and dance. Not really modeling.
Dirty Lego (Tom): *performers*
N🆗ri (Marisa): It was a band called muse that became an anime that became a mobile game
N🆗ri (Marisa): Love live is the name of the series
Dirty Lego (Tom): not the american muse im assuming
Dirty Lego (Tom): maybe they're british
Dirty Lego (Tom): hmm
N🆗ri (Marisa): Some songs are really catchy
I’m still trying to beat anone ganbare on the highest difficulty setting
Dirty Lego (Tom): muse is british
N🆗ri (Marisa): Eli is half British I think
N🆗ri (Marisa): One of the girls in sunshine is definitely partially foreign but I never really got into sunshine just the original love live
N🆗ri (Marisa): We had a full group of 9 for a paradise live shoot a few years ago!
N🆗ri (Marisa): Very popular series tho
N🆗ri (Marisa): That’s what I cosplayed to roller skating and what I’ll do Thursday of Katsu
We can all love live together it’ll be great bring your alpaca
Bill: Love live has more alternate outfits than RWBY and they’re all canon.
Bill: Popular for that.
N🆗ri (Marisa): An outfit for each song plus two outfits per gacha card
N🆗ri (Marisa): And there’s a lot of songs
N🆗ri (Marisa): not a furry but the choreography of cutie panther with the tails is my favorite dance after kaguya no shiro de odoritai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIEtGBlHr-U
N🆗ri (Marisa): i remember having to tell people love live wasn't an anime back when muse only had promo videos with 3d models. oh how the times change.
I'm still on the top 3 leaderboards for the comics and animation section of yahoo answers though. that hasn't changed despite not logging in in eternity.
N🆗ri (Marisa): episode one: HONK DANCES IN TRAFFIC
https://pa1.narvii.com/5778/aab4aa5624b09d410d307607101a3dc153fbced5_hq.gif
Dirty Lego (Tom): OMG
Dirty Lego (Tom): Ayato Kirishima turned into Yato in the latest season of Tokyo ghoul
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ooo Hulu has the promised neverland
Lol bye Connie again
Dirty Lego (Tom): NOOO
Dirty Lego (Tom): CONNIE NOOO
Dirty Lego (Tom): SO PRECIOUS
Dirty Lego (Tom): BEST GURL
N🆗ri (Marisa): Rip in pieces lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ooo the ending of the first episode with Isabella and the rabbit was so good
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m excited for more transitions like that especially for certain parts in the future
N🆗ri (Marisa): So episode three gets up to sister Krone’s intro?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea and she plays tag with the kids
N🆗ri (Marisa): Awwww. Good family fun. Bonding.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Isabella is my favorite as a character 
The anime probably won’t get far enough to show Isabella’s backstory but look at tiny Isabella
Dirty Lego (Tom): Oh she was an "orphan" too
N🆗ri (Marisa): Was she? OwO
N🆗ri (Marisa): Sister krone is so ripped
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Holy shit
Dirty Lego (Tom): *its legit the same clothes*
Dirty Lego (Tom): sister crone is stonq
N🆗ri (Marisa): Maybe white shirts and skirts are popular. A timeless fashion <:lenny:395307171539189760> 
And then we have krone the muscle bikini trendsetter
N🆗ri (Marisa): An absolute icon
N🆗ri (Marisa): And what looks like temmie in the background
Dirty Lego (Tom): i was thinking that as well
Dirty Lego (Tom): who are you temmie
Dirty Lego (Tom): temmie forgot her swimsuit
N🆗ri (Marisa): Where did you come from where did you go
Dirty Lego (Tom): Krones smile tho
Dirty Lego (Tom): In just all the scenes
N🆗ri (Marisa): relatable
N🆗ri (Marisa): 💕
N🆗ri (Marisa): i like that katarina's earrings are canonically clip-ons if you look at that image. wonderful.
