El氣電e Faun (Tom): tru
Bill: Prototype Cammie is cute as fuck.
Andrew: 
Bill: Am... I the only one who thinks the v6 songs are kinda meh?
Aldus Larian (Jess): dont really listen to the rwby soundtrack
Bill: If Ruby's hair was only spiky in the poster, they're going to have to change the model now based on how the fandom has taken to it.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I dig the spike I think
Nokri (Marisa): i found this
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): this neat
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah that's super neeto
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Is that bomberman lmao
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh I thought it was all shounen but now I see howls and totoro
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And sailor moon and conan
Nokri (Marisa): ye there's bomberman! there's also magical girls on the left
El氣電e Faun (Tom): AND FROG
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh god
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Someone throw shinchan out
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I got the garbage pail right here
Nokri (Marisa): KERORO
i feel like i can nail down the artist's exact age by the characters in this. look at mar and kekkaishi
El氣電e Faun (Tom): PRINCE OF TENNIS
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Def over 20
Nokri (Marisa): i appreciate all their magical girls
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah they nabbed a bunch although I haven't really watched any magical girl shows
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Just like shugo chara
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And a lil sailor moon
Nokri (Marisa): saint seiya, chibi maruko-san, sakura wars, and ranma but no urusei yatsura
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And a little mewmew
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Or should I say Mew Mew Power
Nokri (Marisa): and i know they aren't basing it by creator because they have both full moon and jeanne in there
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): mew mew style mew mew grace mew mew power in your face
Nokri (Marisa): OH fuyuki's in there too lol he's so plain i didn't notice him
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Prince of tennis was actually a decent shounen if I recall but maybe I'm remembering through nostolgia glasses
Nokri (Marisa): it's mega super popular
Nokri (Marisa): there are manga spin-off still being published
El氣電e Faun (Tom): The dude above inuyasha looks like code lyoko
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Woahhh <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): o where's inuyasha
Nokri (Marisa): o found him
El氣電e Faun (Tom): The red blob lmao
Nokri (Marisa): OH YEAH i think that is code lyoko?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): OH IS IT ULRIC?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Let's check
Nokri (Marisa): he's got the xana forehead thing
JESS
JESS WE NEED U
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah it is! Check that out
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): hi jess
Aldus Larian (Jess): Where? I don't have time to search the image.myself cuz my.boss is a ding dong
El氣電e Faun (Tom): That's the only non Japanese thing on there right?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): He's above inuyasha
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Top left ish
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye dat him
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I love how they included the Initial D car
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Just slapped in the center
Nokri (Marisa): ye looking over it, everything else is of japanese origin
El氣電e Faun (Tom): The tank children from stand alone complex
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh hey Yosuke and... Black hair... Demon.. guy
Nokri (Marisa): love that guy
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I really like the opening for stand alone complex actually
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Not bad 3d animation for the time
El氣電e Faun (Tom): They tried at least
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Mostly the song tho
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Higurashis openings too, they were kinda similar
Aldus Larian (Jess): Momiji is my son now 沽ｭ I'm adopting him
Nokri (Marisa): good
Aldus Larian (Jess): Cryin in the club fam
