Dirty Lego (Tom): Yo Tokyo ghoul Re: op1 is lit
Dirty Lego (Tom): Season 1's op is lit too
Dirty Lego (Tom): They def got the music right 👌
Bill: Read new Bnha. Makes sense but also #shouenasspull
N🆗ri (Marisa): RIGHT
N🆗ri (Marisa): saw it coming a mile away but also *why*
Bill: Cause author not actually that good?
Dirty Lego (Tom): What do you mean female characters can't fight like the male ones 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Dirty Lego (Tom): I suppose we're lucky there's female heroes at all
Dirty Lego (Tom): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): how is osomatsu-san even legal to air on tv
N🆗ri (Marisa): i just remembered the time i was sitting in a dorm common room when some girls came up and asked to use the TV and they put on osomatsu-san, and it was the mad max-based episode where the people in the desert had no lotion and it got weird and it was fun seeing the reactions of people who had no idea what was going on
N🆗ri (Marisa): that show gets away with a lot of butt stuff. a lot of very scary stuff.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What's osomatsusan?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Is that the skeleton anime?
N🆗ri (Marisa): it was INSANELY popular in 2016. everything in japan was osomatsu-san themed. literally everything.
naw it's the one about the sextuplets
N🆗ri (Marisa): guys had kemono friends and girls had osomatsu-san
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🤯
N🆗ri (Marisa): the first episode was banned because it parodied so many other anime that all the other animation studios threatened to sue. it was amazing.
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's funny but don't watch it in public because it gets weird and lewd fast
Bill: ~~kemono Friends is nothing like that though~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah but they were the big populars
N🆗ri (Marisa): kemono friends led to the rise in more 3d cgi anime
N🆗ri (Marisa): like houseki no kuni
Bill: Oh ye both popular. Just not the same kind of show.
Bill: Kemono friends be garbage. Waifus everywhere.
N🆗ri (Marisa): furry waifus
N🆗ri (Marisa): rip grape-kun
Bill: Grape-kun 😭
Bill: Worst irl death since harambe.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~mineta?~~
Bill: Grape kun is NOTHING like Mineta.
N🆗ri (Marisa): he was a penguin at a zoo where they did a collab with kemono friends and put furry waifu cardboard cutouts in every exhibit
he fell in love with a penguin anime girl
Bill: His love is pure and wholesome.
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
