Elfriede Faun (Tom): <@!301927856240459777> you see the norman a couple posts up?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): some representation
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH
N🆗ri (Marisa): hashtag represent wooo
N🆗ri (Marisa): hyped for the season finale soon owo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yeah!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): im only one ep behind
N🆗ri (Marisa): hurry! don't be late!
N🆗ri (Marisa): the last made in abyss chapter came out around new year's eve, reportedly the mangaka is sick and also working on the 3rd movie so it's a little delayed but sometimes he streams his drawing process
N🆗ri (Marisa): yaomomo has a really pretty dress in this comic
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Labyrinth!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Sarah!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh thats cute
N🆗ri (Marisa): OH YOU RIGHT
so then todoroki is david bowie lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Two colored eyes!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh that's awesome
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oooo that's really pretty!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Dokis and more dokis
N🆗ri (Marisa): Twice toll tales. So toll.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I got the book <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> 
I knew it was gonna be good but at a glance it’s a lot more than I thought. It’s actually textbook sized, has color pictures and infographics, timelines, and discusses how non-anime otaku categories also play into the spread of anime. The sources also have Youtube URLs to videos I’m gonna look up.
Even has helpful history stuff about the use of 3D animation which I was gonna include in the presentation but i didn’t realize how far back it was being used
N🆗ri (Marisa): Much better than the otaku database animals book and even mechademia which are just kind of word splurges with the occasional black and white photo
N🆗ri (Marisa): And fancy page boarders that just take up space
Bill: Worth the bank?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yee it’s better than textbooks I’ve bought in the past. Pricy but quality. I have some other books by this guy and his associates that I got super cheap, which were essentially catalogues and lists of famous anime with a short blurb about them so it wasn’t anything special. But this is neat
N🆗ri (Marisa): It’s a little outdated (2013) and somewhat biased but what book isn’t
N🆗ri (Marisa): 250 pages total, there’s a whole chapter on what I could only find a paragraph about online <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo nice!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WE FINALLY WATCHED GRAVE OF THE FIREFLIES MARISA
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It was awful!
