N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): omg wait there's a really good pic you guys should recreate for boudoir
N🆗ri (Marisa): my computer disconnected from the internet *but when it connects again*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Provide me the good mawisa
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): YES GOOD we Doo my 8 bags of honey buddahs are ready
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): this is mean but also an idea
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~seven you're the one who does all the ignoring tho~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG yea real talk
Aldus Larian (Jess): http://casualpastelgay.tumblr.com/post/182648285760/so-you-guys-i-noticed-something-so-im-not
N🆗ri (Marisa): the image isn't loading but first of all you know he had to do it to 'em
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *pfft*
N🆗ri (Marisa): ooo there it is
N🆗ri (Marisa): he's fighting tiny rika for dominance
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's how they decided the leader of mint eye
Aldus Larian (Jess): Photoshop him in the background of random pics
Aldus Larian (Jess): Gun of hope
N🆗ri (Marisa): pull the trigger vandy
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm pacing back and forth talking with my friend and I stop and
Elfriede Faun (Tom): This binch is staring at me judging me
Elfriede Faun (Tom): "Couldja just not? It's fucking 12:15 am keep it down."
Aldus Larian (Jess): Let him sleep
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): tired boi
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMAO i laughed way to hard
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Hahahaha
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Good stufd
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/stop-trump-never-9eLbjOcGOpmY8
Aldus Larian (Jess): death note! 
whoops spoilers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): don't plan on watching it anyway lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): erik ur killing me
N🆗ri (Marisa): literal murder
N🆗ri (Marisa): such a classic anime
N🆗ri (Marisa): and then the horrible netflix flop that no one likes to talk about
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'll just watch the live action remake
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YEAH THAT! xD
N🆗ri (Marisa): nO
N🆗ri (Marisa): watch the japanese live action if anything, for your sanity 😱
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I saw the Japanese live action!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I loved how they captured L falling out of his chair after hearing about the shinigami for the first time
Elfriede Faun (Tom): In the anime he freaks the fuck out
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But the Japanese live action he just like flops out of his chair
N🆗ri (Marisa): oo new miraculous is out
N🆗ri (Marisa): o it's in english that's freaky
Aldus Larian (Jess): finally cathing up on ma webtoons
N🆗ri (Marisa): im excited for tonight, tuesdays are the best webtoon days
Aldus Larian (Jess): zelan is a good boi
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'm really liking how much snailords has improved from their old stories. zelan is a really cool character.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo i never read any others
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye their last one ended super suddenly because freaking romance came out. nightmareology or nightmare factory or something like that. and they also did snailology? or something like that which was just short comics
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo neat this ones really pretty
