Nokri (Marisa): i wanna get a beastars cosplay group together.......
why i always gotta cosplay things before the anime comes out
but i know some fans........... that also cosplay..................... i wonder if they'd be interested
Aldus Larian (Jess): go go go
Nokri (Marisa): hey jess u wanna join a beastars cosplay group? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): whats that?
Nokri (Marisa): main fear is that all of them are girls so everyone's gonna fight over being haru. but they might also want to be louis? but no one's gonna want to be legosi lol
Nokri (Marisa): Zootopia but way better
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh i see
Aldus Larian (Jess): i am not a furry
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): omg mom it's not about being a furry i just think they're neat
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have no furry experience
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): the recent chapter was so good. most chapters are so good. but this was great.
Nokri (Marisa): me, desperately thirsty for good manga
beastars, quenching that thirst perfectly
Nokri (Marisa): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *wut*
Nokri (Marisa): big spoils in the explanation BUT BASICALLY ||legosi is the main character, he's a wolf. his parents are both wolves but his mother's father is a komodo dragon who fell in love with a wolf. his mother (the wolf/dragon kid) looked like a normal wolf but after she became an adult she started growing scales and she became so ashamed of her appearance she never left the house, and eventually killed herself because of the scales. this kind of ties in to the plot right now where they're hunting a herbivore-carnivore hybrid serial killer who poses as an elephant therapist and then murders his clients for their ivory tusks. legosi wants to understand other people as much as possible, and he was shot by the hybrid criminal so he's having an out-of-body experience kind of thing where his body is in his hospital in critical condition while his spirit is talking with his mother who he never had closure with|| <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): it's such a good manga, the plot and the realistic characters ~~aside from the fact they're animals~~. it's like if Zootopia was more realistic and gritty. idk how to explain it but I know that everyone who's read it gets addicted to the manga
Nokri (Marisa): don't mind me i'm gonna gush over this series for a while
Nokri (Marisa): again
Tikur (Kurtis): Ngl seems pretty hardcore
Nokri (Marisa): IT IS IT'S GREAT
Tikur (Kurtis): Also you do you fam
Tikur (Kurtis): Gush and we shall listen
Aldus Larian (Jess): GUSH GUSH <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Legosi a lego
Nokri (Marisa): it's almost on its 200th chapter and it's won a ton of awards if that says anything about how good it is
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Also everyone should gush over what they love always, even if people.dont know it 🙏
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Jess knows way to much dark souls lore for having barely played it
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): it's good at subverting stereotypes too, like haru is a cute little bunny and she's styled after a lolita so she's all ruffles cuteness but also she's super promiscuous and has a reputation for sleeping around and isn't afraid to speak her mind or shut people down if they try to bully her
Nokri (Marisa): unlike most characters who are like "uwu h-hewwo! kyaa, pervert!"
Aldus Larian (Jess): NICE
Nokri (Marisa): juno is also really neat aaaa. she likes legosi because they're both grey wolves and she has this plan to live a perfect life - become the most popular girl in school and an influential figure in society, marry another grey wolf who's strong and handsome, etc. But legosi is dumb and fell in love with a bunny and also gets super beat up a lot and gets a criminal record so all of her plans are ruined, plus Juno is competing with Louis for the title of Beastar but Louis drops out to become the leader of a mafia group in the black market and Juno feels like it's unfair because it ruined their 'competition' and even though she's now the most popular person in school, all of her plans were tossed aside and she doesn't know what to do
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats wild
Nokri (Marisa): new chapters come out weekly but it's always so detailed and i wonder how they draw so well so quickly
Nokri (Marisa): AND YAFKA IS SO COOL HE'S ABSOLUTELY TERRIFYING though he's supposed to be a good guy, the hero of the city
Aldus Larian (Jess): so its like fury mafia?
Nokri (Marisa): that group is yeah!! they're the shishigumi, the lion mafia! they have a bunch of different mafia groups. ||Louis, the deer there, was their boss at one point||
Nokri (Marisa): so yafya is this cool horse who ||is the beastar, which is the highest position you can get. he can basically do anything as long as it's for the public good, and yafya gets interested in Legosi because he was friends with Legosi's grandfather and kind of wants to re-live the old days. so he brings legosi in to test him. and Yafya is a vigilante who brings justice to evil-doers and prides himself on his delicious carrots, but HIS CARROTS ARE FERTILIZED WITH THE BODIES OF THE CARNIVORES OF HE KILLS IN THE NAME OF JUSTICE|| like dang boi
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG
Nokri (Marisa): and when yafya gives legosi grief over being a carnivore because they're all secretly murderers, legosi ||bREAKS ALL OF HIS TEETH to prove to yafya he's not a mindless meat eater who would kill others. legosi did eat louis's leg BUT it was consensual, there's a whole thing about that and how it was necessary at the time for him to eat louis's leg||
Aldus Larian (Jess): HOLY SHIT this is wild
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): oh yeah he tears his teeth out because he's so metal and then punches yafya in the face lol
Nokri (Marisa): everyone also thinks legosi is super freaky eyyyy
Nokri (Marisa): this character was super cool too, i kind of hoped they would do more with her but she was very temporary <:rip:369476083248267274> unless they bring her back later, which i doubt since most of the cast has dropped out of school now
Nokri (Marisa): thanks for coming to my rambles have a nice day
Bill: That snake is a cop.
Bill: What.
Nokri (Marisa): she's the security guard!
Nokri (Marisa): but she didn't exactly do her job since she told legosi to track down the student who murdered another student instead of, like, *doing it herself*
Nokri (Marisa): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WOAH
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Cool snek
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/sjr7k1uuO0B0c
Nokri (Marisa): Omg nice rokume cosplay <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Tikur (Kurtis): Yo I'm absolutely gonna read this
Tikur (Kurtis): It sound hella wild
Nokri (Marisa): **OwO**
Nokri (Marisa): ~~*liveblog it liveblog it here for all to enjoy*~~
Nokri (Marisa): 3d anime coming this year but i feel like it might suck compared to the book because it's 3d animation <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Tikur (Kurtis): Yo Legosi needs a big ass hug
Nokri (Marisa): HE DOES HE REALLY DOES
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): "im you but cooler"
Tikur (Kurtis): That deer is an ASSSSS with a capital A
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): >8
Nokri (Marisa): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WOAHH that's neet
Nokri (Marisa): yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo amazing yona fan art
Nokri (Marisa): the rainbow with her as a prism is such a nice touch
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Dark Side of the Yona
Tikur (Kurtis): Yoooo just got to the ghetto in Beastars and uh that's wack
Nokri (Marisa): would you buy a finger
Nokri (Marisa): ~~what do you think of it so far. is it everything you've dreamed of in a manga and more~~
Tikur (Kurtis): It's really good so far!  All the characters are 👌
Tikur (Kurtis): Definitely in the darker side but very good!
Nokri (Marisa): take THAT, anyone who calls me a furry
Nokri (Marisa): time to go through pictures of me in animal ears now
Aldus Larian (Jess): Can't believe Kurtis and Marisa are furries
Nokri (Marisa): kurtis i'm so sorry. they just don't understand. the deepness of beastars.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmaooo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmaooo
Tikur (Kurtis): It okay lol
Tikur (Kurtis): It wild and I love it so far
Nokri (Marisa): Kurtis Seal Of Approval™ <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Tikur (Kurtis): Ngl tho this page has like messed me up since I saw it
Tikur (Kurtis): Just cause the boi like selling his body to eat
Tikur (Kurtis): Wack
Nokri (Marisa): poor legosi, seeing that dude really messed him up
casual finger salesman
Nokri (Marisa): why is the pointer finger worth $200 more than the pinky, because it's bigger? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): GROSS YO
Nokri (Marisa): it's literally the 🤘 emoji hehehehe
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *but permanently*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We watching whisper if the heart
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WHAT

COUNTRY ROADDDSSSSSS
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN SAYING ALL ALONG
IT'S A GHIBLI SONG
Nokri (Marisa): IT'S ANIME
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao omg
Nokri (Marisa): ghibli invented the song Country Roads in 1995
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'm dying
El🆓de Faun (Tom): THWYRE ZINGING IT AGAIN OMG
Nokri (Marisa): I'VE POSTED THE LINK HERE TONS OF TIMES, WHISPER OF THE HEART IS OG COUNTRY ROADS
