N🆗ri (Marisa): LITERALLY EVERY SINGLE THING ON THIS BINGO CARD HAPPENED
N🆗ri (Marisa): LITERALLY ALL
N🆗ri (Marisa): DANG
N🆗ri (Marisa): Live reactions are the best
Bill: Important anime physics question: do dragon wings on back balance out titty weight?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oh yeah probably. Good idea.
N🆗ri (Marisa): We need to find out
Everybody meet me in the pit in 6 hours. Bring as much rice, duct tape, and seran wrap as you can.
N🆗ri (Marisa): We’re solving this for science
Bill: Oh. I think this show might be yuri.
Bill: But there was one dude. He didn’t say anything though.
Bill: Oh wait the stinger is a dude.
Bill: His name is Owen, all I hear is Owain.
Bill: Not dragon girl is kinda Afina.
Bill: Very pretty tho. Not sure if there are elves or just varying levels of non human but I dig it.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Have you seen the original rage of bahamut?
Bill: Nah.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ooo. Ya this is a spin off of that so that would answer the race question
Bill: Back of dragon girl’s shirt is awesome tho.
N🆗ri (Marisa): The characters in that bird webtoon have cool shirts like that!!
N🆗ri (Marisa): Not as cool. Also main character had a weird loose piece of fabric between his wings in an early chapter. Lame fashion :3c
N🆗ri (Marisa): Marinara sauce friends
N🆗ri (Marisa): What if their backs get cold
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Crunchyrolls new marketing is so cringey
N🆗ri (Marisa): What is it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It like these videos that say "for those who live anime" and then they have these kids like exploring and doing animeshit™
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And everyone in the comments nis like "you realise this is the shit that all is weeks got made fun of for right?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://www.facebook.com/6047074339/posts/10156545665809340/
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Then they did one that was like "to everyone who makes anime ops into anthems" and it had so sound and they deleted it
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ouch. You can tell they had a massive budget for it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh yea. I mean it looks good it's just... I think they miss their market
N🆗ri (Marisa): You gotta *live the anime*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I thought it was a typo at first
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And other people in the comments did too
Dirty Lego (Tom): i thought you wrote Saeran wrpa
Dirty Lego (Tom): STAY CRUNCHY
N🆗ri (Marisa): found the korean webtoon version of Katarina
N🆗ri (Marisa): except she's living the life of the antagonist from a *book* and not a *video game* <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Dirty Lego (Tom): <@301927856240459777> Did you watch Fushigi no Umi no Nadia
Dirty Lego (Tom): Or read*
Dirty Lego (Tom): Seems like something you'd like
N🆗ri (Marisa): ya but it was like 30 years ago
N🆗ri (Marisa): classic
Dirty Lego (Tom): Ah yes,30 years ago
Dirty Lego (Tom): Ofc
N🆗ri (Marisa): during The War
N🆗ri (Marisa): this picture is just really funny
N🆗ri (Marisa): are u gonna watch it? or have u seen it owo
Dirty Lego (Tom): I haven't, I saw clips from it and thought for some reason, huh this looks like something Marisa would like. 
Something about the protags, outfits and art
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye it reminds me a lot of trigun, plus it's got that atlantis vibe. atlantis is a big part of it, it's based on 20000 leagues under the sea so it has some similarities with the disney atlantis
N🆗ri (Marisa): is good in a retro anime way
Dirty Lego (Tom): yeahhh get that vibe too
Dirty Lego (Tom): I mean I notice it old too lmao
