Bill: So. We started Aurii one year ago today.
Nokri (Marisa): So proud
Bill: Well. That also segways to I think Aurii as it is now is going to be retired. That's not to say it can't be picked up again, but I feel we'll need a reboot/time skip to get things grounded again. People are either too busy to be posting or have lost inspiration to post right now.
Bill: I'm not making the decision myself, but I don't think my assessment is too far off.
Bill: Open forum for comments on this though.
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve been lack to post because I’m a little lost as to what’s happening and am unsure what course of action to take. Originally I was super busy and kind of rushed through posts so that’s my own fault, and now it’s caught up to bite me and despite reading the backlog I’m still not understanding too clearly what’s going on.  I’m sure there’s a million things Nokri could do for the next turn but I’m stumped
Aldus (Jess): General lack of inspiration is pretty accurate, I'm also having a heard time understanding exactly whats going on. I've had trouble feeling necessary tot he plot for awhile now, as you know. We hit your planned climax, as well as the lego reveal climax and after that I kind of feel like we were all like "welp thats all folks" for lack of a better explanation.
Nokri (Marisa): Ye, feeling necessary to the plot is a good way of putting it
Bill: Ye... In every conversation that boiled down to missing the character arc that Afina and Elfriede reveled in. Given the character focus nature of the game; there was no 'chosen one' plotlines to hold on to, so character arcs turned out to be key.
Bill: Again, rather than try and murk through, I'd still lean timeskip/reboot and find new starting ground.
Nokri (Marisa): everyone is old and wrinkly now
Elfriede (Tom): Yup!
Nokri (Marisa): an AU/reboot could work. it'd be a little sad but plausible. 
i get the feeling we'd need to have the characters split up again to avoid the same thing from happening but that would suck. maybe having different events happening throughout the same location so everyone is close by and can still do stuff together? or having multiple questlines at once
Bill: That's if we don't adopt the stereotypical 'chosen ones' plot line. I'm not a fan, but you can't deny you're involved with the plot if you've got a magical tattoo that says so.
Nokri (Marisa): o like magically chosen to defeat dreca?
Bill: That kinda nonsense ye.
Bill: Doesn't change the people are too busy aspect of things, and a break may be good to go about the mental reset.
Bill: There's plenty to reevaluate with the format to find what was the most fun and focus on it in the future.
Nokri (Marisa): we turn aurii into a dating sim
Nokri (Marisa): real time like mystic mess
Nokri (Marisa): all problems: solved.
Aldus (Jess): can i romance my own character?
Bill: I just thought about how to simulate MM best via Discord, damn me.
Aldus (Jess): ~~theres MM role play servers~~
Bill: How to go about resuming isn't the question here though, I just kinda want to the group's agreement that we're going to let the game drop for awhile.
Bill: Not that it hasn't already, but...
Aldus (Jess): yea a break would be a good i think
Nokri (Marisa): intermission
Aldus (Jess): i think our biggest problem is none of us a purpose? but i digress
Bill: You'd be correct, in some ways. Elfriede has always had goals, but the military gives him that point blank.
Bill: Aldus by contrast is a free floater, who needs an external influence to interact with.
Bill: That'd be one of the reasons it was hard to get Aldo involved.
Aldus (Jess): yea... i guess i was expecting more of a chosen one plot then
Bill: Well, the pirate shtick would have evolved into a forced into plotline.
Aldus (Jess): i made him that way so it would be easy for him get involoved without any personal BS getting int he way but i guess that backfired
Aldus (Jess): ~~they're pirates?~~
Nokri (Marisa): without a chosen one story we're just kind of randos roaming around the place. even if the characters don't save the world, their chosen role can still be something else
Bill: freedom fighters, pirates, etc etc.
Aldus (Jess): yea... i think it ended up too sandboxy
Bill: Well, that's when you make your own goal Marisa. IE, you weren't chosen to go to Japan for graduate school, you went because you wanted to.
Aldus (Jess): but running off on your own is no fun
Bill: Ideally everyone would make those choices, and I'd somehow link all those end goals together so you had a reason to ally with each other.
Nokri (Marisa): tis my fate desu wa
Nokri (Marisa): nokri's endgoal is $$$$
Nokri (Marisa): 💰
Bill: Which was useless a goal alone.
Bill: ~~I guess Aldo and Nokri could have been genderswapped spice and wolf but~~
Aldus (Jess): ~~sept the girl is still the sassy one~~
Nokri (Marisa): that goal was also made because it's easy to make her float around for different reasons, and she could be bribed by an enemy to make more conflict
Aldus (Jess): ah nokri, so wholesome
Bill: Then it ended up just the two of you, and two floaters backfired. Bad luck, or optimism on who’d stick in the game.
Bill: ~~hell you started with like, 6, four dropping was pretty bad~~
Aldus (Jess): yea. almost immediately too
Bill: Ye... some things worked, some things didn’t, honestly I don’t think there were any major mistakes made by anyone. Aldo and Nokri just couldn’t serve as foil for one another.
Aldus (Jess): that why i pushed for the group meet up, it just took a long time to get there and honestly by then i was exhasted
Nokri (Marisa): t'was a long journey
Bill: That didn't seem to help much either...
Bill: There are lessons to be learned from the past year, but I don't know what questions to ask quite yet.
Aldus (Jess): well, by then everyone was exhausted, we had no time to force bonds between characters, the lego reveal seemed top priority
Aldus (Jess): wel i guess i cant speak fr everyone, i just know that by then tom and i were both exhausted
Bill: iirc Tom and Georgia wanted to do the reveal to get everyone together. Somehow.
Nokri (Marisa): ya more bonding would be nice
Nokri (Marisa): ***friendship awaaaaay***
Bill: chalk that up to the general done-ness... It's not like I can force you to aside.
Bill: Asides got away from the original purpose too...
Nokri (Marisa): ye. asides are supposed to be short discussions during a scene right? like if two characters want to discuss their next action before committing, or exchange words during battle or something?
Bill: Yeah... The inspiration came from Tales of Symphonia, occasionally when wandering the world map you got a pop up to view a conversation between your party members. If you never saw them you wouldn't have missed anything, but watching them gave you more insight into the characters.
Nokri (Marisa): like fire emblem? owo
Elfriede (Tom): owo
Bill: much like that.
Bill: Yeah, okay, so pretty much support conversations. People are more familiar with those.
Aldus (Jess): oh yea, by this point if you didnt read aside you were completely lost
Bill: Yeah, they shift to being ways to have conversations off table so you didn't have to stagger the conversation.
Bill: Which was better for pacing but far more confusing to follow.
Elfriede (Tom): It's also the simple.fact that we weren't playing in sessions and instead playing in broken 2 section weeks which is ofc the point but
Elfriede (Tom): I feel like we could run a reboot like.. not the whole thing over but maybe a slight timeskip
Elfriede (Tom): I don't wanna lose what we've accomplished
Bill: I wouldn't reboot Aurii as is. The options I'd consider are either
* Aurii cast in an AU setting
* New world, new characters
* Aurii cast(?) in the same world after a period of time has passed
Bill: No hard reboot of the last year.
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah I agree
Bill: I’ll do a final round of exports of the channels then.
Bill: Not that it’s really possible to follow the story via logs... 😅
Bill: !export table-1
Dizzy: Pulling messages from table-1:
Dizzy: Pulling messages from table-1:
Dizzy: Logging done @ b'https://pastebin.com/44ccGuYR'
Bill: !log table-1
