Bill: <@!141729881779077121> is it a oddity for country to only border one (1) other country?
Bill: Either in the case where the country exists on the coast, and the only neighbor is the other country, or where the country is surrounded on all sides by another?
Bill: *oh wow Wynne is the equivalent of the character whose 'a lone wolf' in a party*
Andrew: Not really
Bill: Oh really.
Bill: I thought that'd be weird.
Bill: ~~there's a track on the Twilight Princess soundtrack which is a Zora kid panting and moaning which is just fucking awkward~~
Bill: I've got a sad decision to make...
Bill: The Yuria story I had was a pretty great arc, but it no longer fits in the A or B plot for the future...
Bill: It's a shame to shoot it in the foot, but I think it has to be done...
Bill: Get hype.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I will read that in a bit
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OOOOO BOI EVERYBODY GOIN TO CALLORA?
Bill: To start. Much like before, campaign involves globe trotting.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so does afinas dad go "oh  afrin you looked so sad despite being home because safety reasons so i went ahead and invited all your friends!"?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and she be all "_father no_"
Bill: Doesn't sounds like him tbh. It can be Afina doing the inviting.
Bill: I didn't hard code anything here, there's room for you to be creative with how things go.
Bill: *there's a non programmer version of that phrase but I'm blanking on it*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hmmmm maybe when afina gets home shes like wow im home but now i am sad, what made me not sad
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and then shes like .............._friends_
Bill: that's... the same thing.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im just wondering if she would still realistically be anger at elfriede tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): tho because this is laera, we could pull some funky dunky lore stuff
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like oh well i guess afina needs an escort to the BALL
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~better contact the furry owo~~
Bill: She could be.
Bill: Political ties can be a motivating factor.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): did we make a desicion about desii yet btw?
Bill: I see no reason to keep her.
Bill: rip her secret crush on Aldus

~~not that I could write romance anyway cause ha~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Rip
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Also I think the phrase you are looking for is "set in stone"
Bill: yeah.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): NEW NPC WOOOOOO
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): exciting
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ok so afina will write to aldi and nokia and elfree to invite them to a fancy laeran ball
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): WOO FORMAL OUTFITS
Bill: what new NPC.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OH no new NPC?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): idk i liked the idea of another NPC but i found desii kinda plain
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so we're going with the mist then?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): or something else we dont know
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i think the mist was the agreed upon set up
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): which would make sense for everyone to be in callora when it breaks out
Bill: Mist with moderate modifications of the original draft (I won’t go into too much cause I know what I posted before was too spoilery). Thats the A plot, B plot is the war.
Bill: I wasn’t planning on replacing Desii... there’ll be plenty of NPCs you’ll meet on the way who can be temp party members.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~or LIs?~~
Bill: ?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Love interests
Bill: Always possible.
Bill: <:mew_face:498866691963355137>
Bill: ~~or not in certain cases~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): always possible
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): always
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): **It always an option**
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Ranford here I come
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _bring back ransford 2k19_
Bill: Or not.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): RANSFORD AS ROMANTIC SUBPLOT
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): GIVE THE MASSES WHAT THEY WANT
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 👏 👏 👏
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 👏
