秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): That good that character development 
Sometimes what characters want isn’t what they need, and highly expected things turn out disappointing
Bill: Oops I deleted BNHA-short and that included the breakdown of the new character sheet.
Bill: Sigh.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): ya i was just searching for that <:rip:369476083248267274>
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): woah reserved posts. it's just like a 2006 roleplay thread
Bill: *right*
Bill: <@!351471675843411978> 
```
"It's more of theoretical cure than anything else, I should start with that. Danthres, much like with his lust potion, never tested it." she pauses, realizing what she said could crush Aldus's hopes. "Ah, but there's a reason he's so well regarded. None of the potions he theorized failed." she says quickly to ease his mind.

"The original concept was something to bring out the beast in a human. Danthres's theories were built based on combining the effects of ingredients and potions he knew the effects of. He took Brakehweed, which has the effect of putting people in a bit of a berserker state, then combined that with Calholly, a native plant from Wynne. If I remember correctly... Right, Calholly is poisonous to humans, yet serves as a wonderful spice to the laguz people. Anyway, that and few other mundane ingredients was to cover the animalistic part. The second set of components started with Crysalin, an Eraian plant that actually becomes water when it dies. It transforms from seed to water, it's quite unique in that. After that... oh my, it calls for Denuh..." Desii pauses, lost in thought completely. 

"Sorry, right. Denuh is a mineral stone that's found in Elbia, or well, was found in Elbia. Or I suppose I should say was found in Elbia. Any piece of Denuh would do, based on the recipe, but it's still quite difficult to find the stone. Be...yond that..." she trails off, heading back into the book. "That's it. Everything else isn't too hard to access. Run of the mill stuff." ```
Bill: ```Desii gives you a moment to process, all the more helpful since she speaks quickly. Each of you recognize one of the components in a heartbeat. Nokri saw Brakehweed experimented on laguz in Drecian occupied area of the Kissaelain territories. It didn't take long before command gave up on that avenue, to volatile. There's no self respecting Wynnite wolf who doesn't know Calholly; both to prevent the Wynnites from eating it and because it's just that good. Denuh was one of many rare minerals of Elbia, something else lost to her fall. Eliran's met a handful of people in the past with Denuh accessories, elders who lives in Elbia in days before her collapse. The only thing you don't know the exact location of is the Crysalin, though you at least have a direction to head in.
[9:10 AM] Bill: "I... can't help with most of these... At least to any more specific locations than I've already given." Desii says. "Except for the Crysalin. I happen to know it grows out by Trisp, on the coastline. It's always been a fascinating plant to me." she says sheepishly. 

"They say drinking Crysalin water is like nothing you've ever tasted." Dain contributes from the bar. "Like alcohol without the alcohol." Desii nods to the bartender before turning back to the pages. When she looks up again this time, she closes the book with a bookmark on the page of the potion.

"The brewing looks like something you're going to want to have a skilled person do... You won't need the lead brewer of Theanovene's guild no, but not a total amateur. Shouldn't be hard to find." She says. She then smiles at Aldus. "There's definitely a cure for you. Isn't it wonderful?"```
Bill: If you want to do any fetch questing in the interlude, that's the original breakdown from Desii.
Bill: R.I.P. Theanovene Almanac volume 3.
Bill: character sheet instructions up.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): this is more and more like a roleplay forum from 10 years ago. i'm diggin it.
Bill: I'm excited to use Fate.
Bill: Alright there's too much going on in this recap to use Discord, it's why I use the GM blog.
Bill: Blog post made.
Bill: Recapped old Aspect stuff, and included a new idea for testing your aspects.
Bill: Hope it makes it easier to generate them.
Bill: ~~Hopefully everyone else is starting to get some hype?~~
