No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wanderr
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Was gonna write an update but then my whole computer locked up so let’s see if it ever stops that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Also always remember that I am not averse to killing off any characters <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
Bill: Long boi.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): up to what point in the story is cannon? if all, then what happened after we went down the rabbit hole and everything?
Bill: Good question. Let's just skip the whole pirate thing. You left Trisp, you split up.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so no rabbits? rabits retconned?
Bill: They still exist.
Bill: But you didn't meet them.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): did desi i take enera home?
Bill: Unless you wanted to do it as part of your story, yes.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I just no aldus would have wanted to make sure she got home so idk if ill have him go with them or if hell trust dessi on her own but i just want to make sure she got home ok
Bill: Can certainly be an opening direction for your story.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): players are me gerogia marisa and tom? not kurtis right?
Bill: Kurtis can join in when he has time to play, but for now this exercise will be you four.
Bill: ~~begin bullying lurkers into playing~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So whats the staus on each of us? are we being hunted by eraia? is elfriede a deserter? is afina being looked for?
Bill: `I'm going to plan out the timeskip a bit before we start this process, and I hope to provide you with some context as to what the nations have been doing, how the war is going, some world stuff. Ideally it'd be an almanac, but time.` from Q/A.
Bill: All that's going to be to you I think.
Bill: part of this timeskip is to sort of 'resetup' your character, so forcing you onto a track where Eraia hates you isn't particularly fair.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ok i dont think many people would even be able to identify aldus hes pretty annonomys here
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Elfriede will come back more jacked, wearing neutral colors and a beard
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I'm not Elfriede. I'm ... Friedel
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Hawke
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Elfriede became hawke
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Yeah not sure what we're doing about Elfriede being a deserter or not
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): He could return to his family and either get rejected or they hide him.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): That's if everything goes out of wack for him
Bill: Then he could focus his efforts on Yuria, which would be neat.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I'm down for some character misery for development
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i just added another option whoop
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Prob family rejection. Not in a forceful way but in a " you know you can't live here anymore right" way
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Maybe mom is actually mad
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Dad is like let me gather some things for you
Bill: Part of the prep I’d like to do is to give you all an outline of the first couple arcs we’d embark on. Hopefully that can help you with deciding on how Elfriede should be treated
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): And maybe helps him decide on a Destination
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): whats a sumet?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it's the jar thing from the squirrels
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i think that would help
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that's what the creature (waka) called it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think part of my problem is not knowing whats out there in the world
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so i dont know what there is to work with
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo ok
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): More furries
Bill: suggest away! Callora was designed for player creations. As in the survey, collaborative is good.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i need to re familarize myself with the world
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i only have wynne ideas opps
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so that wont work
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont know how to do character development? like i dont know what kinda of things to change about him
Bill: Travel time is bullshit, and it’s possible Wynne can be involved.
Bill: Shout em out.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah i mean from my backstory, nothing new
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im saying that was the only ideas i *had* this is gonna be hard
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think i need the state of the world information first
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ar we allowed to discus ideas for or characters here? or nah
Bill: Of course.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe Aldus goes on his collect quest for all his ingredients and in the end its a complete waste of time, throwing him into a bitter rage where he spends weeks on a drunken bender in some city slum
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think i have to amke aldus have negative traits, hes too good right now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): everyone else charcters arnt perfect, as much as i love my good boi ™ mabe he'd have more to work on if he wasnt SO good?
Bill: Negative traits are fun to role play.
Bill: Look at Nokri and Afina, a bitch and racist lol.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): exactly thats what im saying im just trying to figure out what the negative should be
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe i do the dead parents ™ maybe i have him and father fight? and he kills him orrrrr HOW DO I DO BAD?
Bill: Well those are bad things that happen to him, but what are the bad traits *in him*?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I dont know? like what are examples of bad traits a character would have without making them a bad person?
Bill: Think about real people. I'm a know it all, excessively sarcastic, generally avoid being vulnerable, elitist...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like im thinking the bad things could make him more cynical?
Bill: Don't think quite so hard on bad traits, they don't have to be big, personality defining traits. They're flavor that would make one person like Aldus, and another find him annoying.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and he was OG supposed to be more narsistic
Bill: Like "Alcoholic" is a big bad trait that will constantly show up. "Narcism" won't be in every conversation, but whenever you see the chance you can toss in a comment to highlight it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea idk if i wanna make him an alcoholic...
Bill: It's just an example of the difference between big traits and small ones.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea
Bill: Alcoholic doesn't suit Aldo. I don't think cynicism does either.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea exactly thats why im having a hard time picking bad traits for him but he needs to be more realistic
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the narcism would work... i just need to learn how to be narsisistic
Bill: If it were me, I would google a big list of personality traits and just flip through them until stuff started to stick.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ha yea i am
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but nothing sticking lol
Bill: Alternatively, ask yourself if you were adventuring with Aldus, what would he do that just *cheeses you off*?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cheeses me off?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not familiar with that saying
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): annoys me?
Bill: yeah.
Bill: oh, or maybe think about one of the sides he doesn't show people. His outward, general use personality may be pretty great, but `when he's alone in the inn he...` or `when he meets someone who does ___ he reacts like...`
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the original idea for aldus was someone who is outwardly friendly, a little flirty, charming and charismatic and outwardly a little full of himself. but inside hes painfully insecure,, but i dont know how to play that roll? i havent done much roll playing, I ussually just end up being some idealized version of myself... but i know thats not good
Bill: I mean, everyone leans into their own personality traits and ideals when role playing.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he was supposed to be based on jespar from enderal, and toms brother
Bill: TBH Sherwood had a lot of Aldus's problems. He was a passive, go with the flow guy, so he was hard to portray well.
Bill: How does he express his insecurity?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~mostly crying alone at night~~
Bill: I do that thing where I make offhanded comments about myself in the middle of sentences.
Bill: That's visible in interactions with other people, but not screaming "I'm sad".
Bill: Or, does he desperately try to hide it? So anytime someone asks 'are you feeling okay' he strongly denies any negative feelings?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the second one
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): race didnt come up much on my table so there was nothgin to trigger him, i planned on having an altercation with elfriede after it had become clear to aldus that elfriede was ashamed of that side of him.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I though more people would point it out originally?
Bill: NPC?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like "hey dog boy, why do yoe never use your dog form?" NPC or player i just thought there would be more laguzy things
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like i thought a laguz using a bow would be suspicious originally
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i guess thats a little "main character" of me to assume though
Bill: Hmm. Table-2 probably should have had less racism and table-1 could have used more...
Bill: But I was one of the people who wanted to get out of that trope for awhile, I admit.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea like nokri had dog comments but that was it and i felt preasure to differentiate myself from eliran when he was added in since our charcters were simular
Bill: ~~Eliran was a shitty mary sue~~
Bill: Oh my GOD I can say that publicly now.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~aldus is too~~
Bill: Nah, Aldus does need some more negative traits, some more personal drive, but he's got thought put into him.
Bill: Eliran is literally a shitty anime protagonist.
Bill: a laguz using a bow would be weird in Wynne, not the other countries.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): aluds gets mad so i guess thats good
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so he has a temper so thats a least one thing thats allready been displayed
Bill: also, does Aldus have any vices? Like, things he knows he shouldn't enjoy but enjoys anyway? Drugs being the over the top answer, but you could have he *always* has fish at dinner, no matter how expensive, or he yells at people who touch his bow, things like that?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): never thought about that 🤔
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~its his hair, hes yang~~
Bill: Then what things does Aldus *value*? Moral values are important to our personality. For example, I strongly value my immediate family, and the friends I consider family. But I don't go out of my way for charity things, because it doesn't affect those people.
Bill: A *perfect* character has the values of a saint.
Bill: Normal people have things they value, and things they don't and choose between them.
Bill: Erik chooses not to gossip, which is a value he holds.
Bill: These are more for defining what's good about Aldo; but can also show you how he'd make decisions. Erik doesn't gossip, so if Ethan had told him Hal and Meg were dating before everyone knew, he'd keep it to himself.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🤔
Bill: Sometimes you'll make bad decisions, because you value something despite risks or public opinion.
Bill: Ah, like 2B's values are YorHa's. She puts the mission first. Sooooo she kills 9S over and over.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean i think aldus would place alot of value in his bow, so i dont imagine hed like people throwing it around or anything, i could make that a thing if his but i dont know if it would come into play really... family would be a touch subject for him since his relationship with them is complicated
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but aldus doesnt align to anything right now, he doesnt have like a religion or military or anything
Bill: Just examples. But that's a good thing for him to add.
Bill: there has to be some group of people he would like and enjoy, maybe even do things for.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe he joins some sort of faction after the fallout of his useless potion?
Bill: Possibly. A good faction, or culty morally grey kinda faction?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im thinking more of like a "overthrowing the corrupt government" sort of faction
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like a robin hood thing or something
Bill: That's an interesting one.
Bill: A particular government? And what motivated him to join up with them?
Bill: I'd open a notebook or app and start jotting down anything that seems interesting. Could be a scenario where Aldus would look badass, could be a conversation he could have with someone, could be a dramatic rescue, could be him hitting rock bottom, could be words or phrases, any kind of ideas that do flow into your head for Aldus. Doesn't have to be 'sit down and fill the page' either, think and come back, any passing thought is valid. Then you can go back to the whole page and see what stands out.
Bill: It's been awhile, but these two articles are really good if I remember right.

https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/SoYouWantTo/MakeInterestingCharacters

https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/SoYouWantTo/DevelopCharacterPersonality

as is the following site (pick and choose what sounds interesting)

http://www.springhole.net/writing/index.html
Bill: 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so there would be some morally grey parts. maybe after the failed potion expedition id probably have him fall into some sort of depression, weather this involes drugs or alcohol or something like that is TBD, but anyway hed probably end up homeless and alone on the street. someone would approach him on and point out the unfairness of this particular city. "Its not fair that they live like that and we love like this" and all that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but maybe he doent have to be some helpless
Bill: So Aldus is just *super* altruistic and decides to help them? Depressed people don't tend to have motivation for themselves, let alone a city. My suggestion would be give him a defined reason he's helping them. Maybe he owes them a debt because of an accident he had on a bender they helped him with/he damaged their stuff. Maybe one of their targets is a wizard with a spell that might transform Aldus, or maybe the wizard is using werewolf spells on the townsfolk, and Aldus actually wants that spell for himself.
Bill: I agree, you can be PLENTY depressed without drug usage or serious character conseqences.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean i wasnt done with the thought yet...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): there would obviously be more to it than that
Bill: sorry, just trying to keep the brainstorm going.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i just dont know exactly what i want yet its hard for me
Bill: It's not easy lol.
Bill: I'd say read some articles, give yourself time to process, and then start thinking. You got a favorite brainstorming thing? Like I brainstorm well when I'm driving.
Bill: Also remember you'll have Elfriede/Afina/Nokri divebombing your story as well. you kinda want to plan up to the point one of them will show up, then you'll react to what they do and get your big plan on track. Just don't make the big plan too strict, or you'll be thrown for a loop.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): showers, before i sleep, meetings lol, and while i drive but i only dirve 15 mins a day
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): long commutes are good for *something*
Bill: Shower more <:lenny:395307171539189760>; or go for a drive.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats waste of gas XD i hate driving, it just used to be a place to get thinking done
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my brain would go into autopilot but i cant auto pilot without a desination
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~do other peoples characters need work? or am i just this bad at this?~~
Bill: You are not bad at this.
Bill: I'm not sure about everyone else, they have to make the assessment for themselves and they're less vocal about their character issues (and you should be, it's my job to help!), but even if they have less issues the amount of thought and effort you go to put in speaks volumes.
Bill: The most important part is caring to do better.
Bill: After all, we just discussed no character is perfect. 😎
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *throws pillows at Aldus* "why. wont. you. work"
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Lmao aldus an alcoholic
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Like wulfgar hahahaha
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): GOD NO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~there goes that idea~~ XD
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Ooooo boi character discussion
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): frens, help me fix the boi
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I like what bill said with the comparison to Erik
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Having Aldus do something on principle would be cool
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): IT AUTOCCORRCTED AFINA TO QDOBA IM Crying
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Anyways
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): AFINA is a pacifist on principle, it doesn’t make things convenient for her, but it’s just a component of her personality that adds depth
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Maybe Aldus refuses to do X or has to do Y
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Maybe he’s a germaphobe or neurotic
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Look at a list of traits from the Sims maybe!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I dont has the sims 😮
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): https://www.gamerevolution.com/guides/65372-the-sims-4-traits-list#/slide/1
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oooo ok thank i was looking at something similar, i tried to pick out stuff for him originally, i just didnt play it well
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): FOUND IT:
Bro    These Sims can Bro Hug other Bros, gain Confidence around other Bros, and become Energized from Watching Sports.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ALDUS’ FLAW IS HES A BRO
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): He tries to bro fist elfriede, elfriede doesn’t get it
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Omglmao
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Trying to decide if I want Elfriede to become a hobo
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I should do some serious brain storming with a pen and paper
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lets both be HoBros
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): They like live in the woods in a cabin
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Aldus is taking care of the house stu---.. aldus became yoon
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Elfriede is being all broody and shit, constantly planning saving yuria
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that would be a very brood house
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): brood bros
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): gotta meeting in 10 be back later
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): BROOD BROS
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I’m here for it
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Aldus and Elfriede have a begrudging roommate-ship
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ~~can we write that Eliran died~~
Bill: He'll just be gone. It easiest.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Afina could theoretically be anywhere between theanovene and callora probably
Bill: ~~he's part of the garbage we're sweeping under the rug rebooting~~
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Eliran never existed
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): ✨
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Poof
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): He WAS a Mary Sue now that you mention it... huh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lol ye
Bill: It was brought up many times when you weren't around.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He was also oai fully simular to Aldus so when he showed up on the scene I was like "rip"
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): they were "go with the flow" dude
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And bows
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And then Hal tried to call me out for stealing his green color scheme idea when aldus color scheme was green since before Hal even played the game
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): LMOA
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): AND aldus was supposed to be flirty and charismatic but I stopped even trying once  eliran showed up and went for something different
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Cor else they were gonna be like exactly the same
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~sept aldus is still better~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): The color thing tho that had me mad 😂 I was like bro really?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): eliran was like a dark green too
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): boi didnt know how to make his character less mary sue ish
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): like i love afrin but making her OP would just be boring
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He thought he like owned green or something idk. At least aldus was a little better
Bill: You did pressure him into playing so.
Bill: Aldus is no where near Eliran.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Eliran was like wow the ladies love me and I know a princess and I’m a great musician and awesome with a bow and also charismatic
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~oh thank god~~
Bill: Just because that had similarities didn’t mean they were both PLAYED poorly.
Bill: Aldus is a human character who tries things. Eliran was a success robot who did everything perfectly.
Bill: Mary Sue ness came from his writing of Eliran, not the character sheet.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh good
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the thing that bothered me the most was when he was like "eliran can just tell elfriedes a laguz"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like no?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and then he was like "eliran just knows that the eraian church is up to something, he knows exactly what it is"
Bill: THAT is Mary Sue stuff.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like BRO NO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats not how this works you cant just swear you know things
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Yeah we're all agreed on thay
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Also how he tried to boss around a military official, cmon
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): God forbid Elfriede tried to arrest him
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Hed suddenly have the power to phase through walls
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Mirio Eliran confirmed
