Bill: SHITA IS NOKRI
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wot
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Are you saying this is a Nokri cosplay
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Nice nokri cosplay
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): how they similar is it the braids
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And the blue dress she starts in
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): ThTs def Kiki's dress
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And that was def the house from kikis
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Who likes planes
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): there's a fan theory that the bread couple from kiki are ponyo and kousuke as adults
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): biru is playing with the griffon as thanks in addition to leaving or is it just stay and play with griffon
Bill: stay put lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): judas, bleeding out on the ground: i need medical assistance pls help
amelia: who's a fuzzy? who's a fuzzy wuzzy cutie yes it's you! it's you yeah you are!
Bill: Judas: my other pokemon
Griffon: Eevee
Me: Amelia.
Bill: trading with Erik rn.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): whatcha'll tradin
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i request a trade when i get a haunter at some point to evolve it
Bill: Course!
Bill: He's doing those trades, pokemon that evolve via trade.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): [sends 90 graveler]
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:mew_face:498866691963355137>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I THOUGHT HIM NAME WAS SASUKE
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): When I was younger I totally read sasuke as Sah Sook
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): who??? kousuke??
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oh i'm wrong it's sosuke
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): u right minus one vowel
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): there's like a limited number of names in japanese
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): YEAH lmao, I actually didn't know it was sosuke, I that's it was sasuke for the whole movie
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): PONYO LOVES SASUKE
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It seems like every Ghibli movie character is actually in two movies
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The boy from castle is so similar to the boy from Kiki's, and the plane mechanic in Castle looks like porco Russo guy
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And the nicer old lady from ponyo is the older version of the witch of the wilds from howls
Bill: ~~Aurii is being rewritten with castle in the style time period~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): rune factory aurii
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Nani
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Do we still get formal
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): fancy dress party and these guys show up wyd
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Light magic boom
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~are you saying afina would flash them~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ..........
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): PERF REACT
