Dizzy: GM posts come out today.
Bill: Okay, I'd like to see Elfriede and the unconscious Afina meet up with the main group so you're all together. 

<@!351785752197201920>, we can avoid the consequences of you going beast mode on Torin by having the blame fall on the kidnappers who also happened to be there at the same time. Upside to this is the group as a whole still has access to 'member of the Eraian military'. That's the explicit out of the consequence, I'm not sure if anyone would piece it together even if we didn't plan to avoid it.
Elfriede (Tom): Ahh kk, yeah I agree, should Elfriede carry Afina to them or go get the other group?
Aldus (Jess): should head table skip posting so the other 2 can catch up with us (cuz i wouldn't argue)
Bill: Now, Long term planning, I think your group should end up 'captured' by another group that requires you to do something together or else. This prevents Afina and Elfriede from completely splitting up and gives them a chance to interact with everyone and clear up the nonsense from the reveal. Additionally it'll be single unified activity, which is aside fodder for everyone to keep character development up. 

This could be the eraian military but I'm partial the rabellion helps you out. The rabbit laguz who fight against Eraia (since Eraia conquered the rabbit laguz island) will get you out of hot water, but then require repayment in the form of a mission. From a story stand point, you'll be with laguz allies (a first) and get to see the other side of Eraia first hand.
Bill: If no one posts I'm not going to have Raive get a pot shot on you, but I wouldn't waste the round to wait for them. They should show up after the fighting has started.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Yeah elfie and fina gotta go join everyone else at headtable!
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina is KO right now tho so I can't do anything lmao
Aldus (Jess): so is aldus outside now? like on the ground outside the room?
Bill: yeah.
Aldus (Jess): and buttface is above us? still in the room?
Bill: Yup.
Eliran (Halim): And the two E's in the party are still in the room
Aldus (Jess): but enera is against us right?
Eliran (Halim): No I dont think so
Eliran (Halim): Shes confused right
Bill: Enera neutralized Raive’s attack from damaging you so...
Eliran (Halim): Eliran grabs enera and just hops out the hole in the wall
Eliran (Halim): -insert run meme-
Aldus (Jess): oooo i didnt get that
Elfriede (Tom): Let's do *get help*
Eliran (Halim): Omg
Bill: *If you actually do get help I might go for it*
Eliran (Halim): Do you think aldus or elfriedes could throw eliran likey that
Aldus (Jess): Aldus is stong mans ok
Aldus (Jess): but hes not exactly near you atm lol
Aldus (Jess): this post already 5 paragraphs and aldus just drew his bow  fuck
Bill: 
Bill: That's the scene. sorta.
Aldus (Jess): Wow you know what would be great
Aldus (Jess): A melee fighter
Aldus (Jess): Open day door and backstab a bitch
Aldus (Jess): ~~perhaps a melee fighter with a rapier and a dagger~~
Bill: ~~he broke his dagger~~
Aldus (Jess): ~~perhaps a melee fighter with a rapier~~
Eliran (Halim): Eliran just tries to stab with arrows
Aldus (Jess): Doooo ittrt
Afina (Georgia🍀): Who the fuck is Dan :V
Afina (Georgia🍀): And why is he outside the monastery
Aldus (Jess): LMAO
Aldus (Jess): DESII
ALDUS
NOKRI
Together we form...
DAN!
Elfriede (Tom): WOO DAN
Elfriede (Tom): Ashley read this first lmao
Elfriede (Tom): "WHAT DO YOU MEAN WHO THE FUCK IS DAN"
Aldus (Jess): dans gonna help us kill the cardinal! YAAy
Aldus (Jess): ya know
Aldus (Jess): this is terrifying battle
Aldus (Jess): like this dude is like numero uno light mage and were just a buncha kids with sticks and magic tricks
Bill: Good thing there are no levels.
Aldus (Jess): tru but like from a role play perspective <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: yup.
Bill: This is the climax of the arc after all.
Aldus (Jess): aldus is gonna pee his pants
Aldus (Jess): you know
Aldus (Jess): i alway forget aldus has a tail
Aldus (Jess): ~~guess when your character doesn't have to think about hiding it its not really a thing~~
Bill: 😏
Aldus (Jess): *googles "how to tell if your dog is scared"*
Aldus (Jess): OMG
Aldus (Jess): 8. Scratching self frequently (when he was not previously itchy)
Afina (Georgia🍀): There's the whole tail between the legs schtick
Aldus (Jess): ye
Aldus (Jess): can we get points without attacking on the first round or nah?
Bill: what do you mean?
Aldus (Jess): like we get points for description but if i dont actually attack him then im no going to get points right? bascially at this point ive just written aldus' account of whatshappened up to this point
Bill: you need to do *something*, but it doesn't have to be attacking.
Bill: Anything you do to contribute to getting out of the scenario counts.
Bill: well.
Bill: Actually.
Bill: Let's be simple, yes, you have to do something to Raive to get dice.
Bill: at least one thing.
Aldus (Jess): okay
Aldus (Jess): <@!288513265661902858>  <@!301927856240459777>  and <@!184437198865563648>  do any of you guys have any specific ideas here? I dont want to have aldus fuck up by starting to attack if someone else had another , more artful, idea. Also should we try to incorporate <@!351785752197201920>  and <@!245270932602486784>  at this point?
Afina (Georgia🍀): Elfriedes gotta finish up his meltdown and then he's gonna run Afina to the headtable
Bill: Leave them to integrate themselves. Desii has no concrete plan.
Afina (Georgia🍀): YE so just start being a bow boi
Afina (Georgia🍀): Ya know I think Afina's left handed
Afina (Georgia🍀): I never thought about it, but all the fanart of Afina has her conjuring left handed
Afina (Georgia🍀): Boom canon
Elfriede (Tom): Nicuuu
Bill: left handed is best handed.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran is going to go in with stabbing using an arrow probably
Eliran (Halim): bill lmk if i tried to much, its been a while since combat and table 1s might be throwing me off
Afina (Georgia🍀): If Eliran is trying to bluff his way into seeming a mage, I believe bill said that the magic words that are changed are essentially gibberish
Afina (Georgia🍀): And not actual words or language
Eliran (Halim): orly
Eliran (Halim): i was judging based off of what was going on with the cardinal
Eliran (Halim): cause i thought speaking was necessary
Aldus (Jess): It is but his konolougong isn't part of his spell casting the spell casting part is just some unknown language
Eliran (Halim): then wouldn't they have heard him casting
Eliran (Halim): instead of it just happening out of nowhere
Aldus (Jess): Yea it says they heard the familar works of magic casting or smth like that
Eliran (Halim): that was enera
Eliran (Halim): ""You will not be leaving Enera. I shall either prove you a Goddess or slay you as the servant of Lyarlel you are. This shall be yet another test of my faith and your true self; I shall remove those who try to sway you and purify you with your blessed light!" Raive bellows and a spell launches from him. No words were spoken, no indicators made."
Aldus (Jess): Oh welp
Aldus (Jess): He's just OP then
Eliran (Halim): <@!184437198865563648>
Eliran (Halim): questions we have
Bill: Morras is practiced enough to be able to get into the correct mind set for his spells without the words associated with it.
Bill: "magic words" are said as part of that mind set when channeling magic, you don't really know what you're saying you just feel to say it.
Eliran (Halim): that work better?
Bill: yeah, that's good.
Aldus (Jess): Biru when are you gonna post? Cuz I wanna know  if I have time to clean or if I have to put that off to finish my post
Bill: I'm not going to cycle the round with only Hal at this point.
Aldus (Jess): Ok cool
Afina (Georgia🍀): /Afina walks off the poison so i can post about her helping in the attack :V
