秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i learn a lot from looking up pointless history facts to make this more accurate
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LEARNING WOW
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): 
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): 
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): so it's not strange for amelia's town to not have electricity. even most places in the city won't have it until after the great depression
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what year is it about again?
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): can't remember the exact year, lemme go back and check.
it's early 1900s tho
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): i know i chose a year at some point i think. i can't find it though. i want to say around 1912ish
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Awesome!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOO 1912
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): the timeline isn't gonna be exactly parallel to real Earth but it's pretty close technology-wise, that's why Amelia's family's profession as oil/lamp sellers are still needed. reminder that this is essentially a slightly magical post-apocalyptic north america after imperialism and manifest destiny royally tore the country apart (like a second civil war) and now nature is overtaking everything.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): there are a few things coming up based on real events (if you know them it's gonna be SUPER obvious) (there are already some things in play based on real events that are foreshadowing can anyone guess what they are owo) (i won't say if you're right or not i just wanna know if it's too obvious)
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): TLDR for those who've forgotten:
Amelia's uncle is missing. There was a storm and she heard things in the attic but it was squirrels who she took a weird vase thing from. A tree then fell on her house. She went to the neighbors for shelter and met Judas who offered to take her to the city so she could search for her missing uncle and maybe send a message to him. To save time they traveled through the forest where Amelia met the owner of the weird vase thing and Judas shot it dead. He was then attacked and fatally injured.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Lost and panicked, Amelia tried to get him to the city but they were too exhausted. They were found by Robin who mistook Amelia for a fairy and promised to get them to the city in exchange for a favor. They made a deal and now they have arrived in the city.
