Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Hmmmm, true.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Let me ask what Rayna thinks
Bill: Excuse I am GM of Aurii. And BNHA game that needs to get started.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Is there ant dwarves in Aurii? I think not
Bill: There could be if I so chose.
Bill: Tom, Jess, any list of priority to the four you picked?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what do you guys think was in the pot
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): holding on to it would've led to a bunch of stuff down the road but this was also a good move
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): does anyone wanna wander in the forest for a while or shall we timeskip to the city
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): It was a pot ? O.o
Bill: correction: it *was* pot.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): no it waSANO NO IT WAS NOT
it's an acorn shaped clay jar thing that could look like a weird pot
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Ahhhhh
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i made new characters the other day. thinkin' about how to introduce them.
do you guys think there's too much blatantly obvious foreshadowing, or is the foreshadowing unnoticeable
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Nah it's a good amount
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): *Serpent boi will remember this*
Bill: boop.
Bill: So I really want to do this playtesting of Fate, so we need to get moving on this. Once at least <@!141729881779077121> and <@!301927856240459777> have characters we can plan a day to setup and play the game.
Bill: At that point if anyone else makes it in, good on them.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I've got my character's basics down I just have to make a proper sheet for 'em
Bill: Good good.
Bill: I'm seriously considering moving Aurii to Fate, but gotta run it once before I do that with the *main* game.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i like discovering mysteries of the world the best i think
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): does anyone have any theories <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i thought there was a bug on my leg so i slapped myself but it was just the mark i've had on my leg forever and a stray hair
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Hmmm
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): The fact that the squirrel carried it all that way is impressive
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): O the power of teamwork 
Also the creature is from Native American mythology it’s got a long names called wapa-game- something and it’s bound to riversides so it likely lost its thing closer to the village and then roamed the river around the woods trying to find the squirrels.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): They’re very smart and knowledgeable tho
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): They know stuff
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Oooo fancyyy
Bill: It's a toss up between discovering the mysteries of the world and a great evil.
Bill: That said I lean towards the latter.
Bill: Discovering mysteries will have a bit of *surprisingly* mystery involved and mystery is hard to pull off in PbP, which people commented on.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Did we decide on a timeskip?
Bill: Unofficially kinda.
