No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): idk if I’ve mentioned it before but despite this being historical I’m gonna leave out 99.99% of all the racist stuff in American history. No jim crow and such, unless people are dying to have that included? ~~Aurii has plenty of racism already~~
Like I don’t want to erase that stuff because it’s an important part of history we need to learn from but I’m not too sure I can write about it.
There’ll still be discrimination in some areas. The new girl for example is Native American and holds a slight grudge towards white people, but I’m not gonna write about segregation. 
For this world imagine separate but equal except no one is separate and everyone is really equal in the eyes of the law.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh yeah for sure
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I agree with that
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): You can leave out the Irish Italian balck and Jewish discrimination
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): At least in the current times
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Could reference it as a past thing maybe
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But it's hard to write about
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah like I wanted to acknowledge it in some way because it feels messed up to skip over like it didn't happen at all, but also it's really messed up in itself. we can have magic and griffons so we're also abolishing segregation.

because the whole westward expansion manifest destiny idea is a big part of the world's setting i'm including some strife with natives, but not on a "they're savages" level more on a "capitalism is insatiable and we need this land for profit and it's too bad you're all homeless now" level
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh and women, forgot that
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But yeah this is a fantasy world!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): lol women
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Use fantasy tonlive our your dreams of non discrimination
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Be t yeah that all.soubds good to me
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): if i had to say, women are still expected to be "domestic" but not considered weak or tied down. Like people will find it weird that Amelia is unmarried and travelling with Judas and some might be like "wow look at this girl gettin' it, how scandalous" and give her funny looks but they aren't gonna burn her at the stake and women can be independent. it's unusual but not a reason for social outcast.
Bill: YEEE sexism in rpgs is weird.
Bill: It's so foreign, at least to me, that I don't want to fake it.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ye on one hand it's like "i wanna be realistic" but on the other hand reality sucks
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Nah I think what you have is fine
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Don't change anything
Bill: Ye, Mawisa quest is running well.
Bill: But like, just generally. If we're being 'realistic', D&D shouldn't let you play a female.
Bill: Like?
Bill: Fuck that.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah but dnd is also a different world
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Not America
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): no women only furries
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 🙌 🙌 🙌 🙌 🙌
