Bill: I need to sit down and brainstorm. Yikes.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): you should play enderal for some idea
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): the politics in that game is actually top notch
Bill: Nah, I have a few ideas. I just need to sit down and do it.
Bill: I've been playing let's go eevee woops.
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> what'd you think about working on the Aurii map?
Andrew: Id like to give it a try
Bill: Got any utility to recreate the map in a software you use
Bill: Or really, what do you think you can do?
Andrew: Not sure yet
Andrew: I have to get my software first.
Bill: https://www.cartographersguild.com/showthread.php?t=1407 Here's a bunch of shit to look at!
Andrew: Im inAutorealm right now checking it out
Bill: coincidentally or?
Andrew: Through your link
Bill: That one and inkcartate were the ones I kept seeing.
Andrew: can you link m,e to that second one?
Bill: https://inkarnate.com/
Andrew: Hmm, they both have some good and some bad
Andrew: where can i find the one ytou made of Aurrii?
Bill: http://www.thelittlethingswemiss.us/article/2017/09/01/aurii-map.html
Andrew: Working on a quick freehand of aurri on ink to test.
Andrew: well
Andrew: maybe not quick
Andrew: Am tired
Andrew: Will work more tomorrow
Bill: ~~so I need to playtest this~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): my schedule is kind of jam-packed until the 10th
Bill: Mm... same really.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Does Robin hate Judas cuz he's a dirty settler?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ye cuz he's a White Boi™ and he's got this indentured griffon and he shot these poor river creatures and settlers turned the world into the post apocalyptic horrorscape that it is
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Damn Judas you done fucked up
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ya if he hadn't of shot the creatures they'd of been totally fine lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they kind spirits
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEET
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭 poor river buddies
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~chapter 1: amelia indirectly responsible for murder~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Amelia you dine fucked up now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But Robin thinks Amelia is a magic faerie right?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah robin saw pointed ears and assumed amelia was some kind of fae or magic creature because that's really weird for humans. but with how messed up with world is weird stuff is happening to humans (pointed ears are still super weird but weird stuff is more accepted).
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Neato
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): New girl has tattoos all over?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ye, primarily a big bird on her torso that wraps around to her back. she's not wearing a top ~~so lewd~~ but she's got like a mantle/capelet on and the tattoos are visible when she lifts her arms
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): bird bird tattoo lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Tits out for bird tatoos
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I totally forget what Judas looks like opps
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): is ok!
he's got black hair that he keeps gelled up and is generally very well groomed (but right now he's falling apart rip), lemme try and find an actor that'd look like him irl
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Are his eyes green? Am I recallong that correctly?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wait what am i doing, *real people.* pfft. i can use a doll creator.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ye lemme find that tree
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Real people are for normies
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ya there he is
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): like a weird mustard olive or something eye
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what's yer opinion on judas?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't think I know enough about him just yet. I think he was acting within his own realm of right and wrong when he killed da river buddies. He try to protec
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Other that that's he seems right proper and all that
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): tru ya y'all still strangers
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): thank for ur input
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i have a lot of story and characters planned out, just trying to decide when/how to implement them if a good point arises.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): actually robin would look a lot like alfreed
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): https://66.media.tumblr.com/43763f29e953b31ad0f20f9905ca8a06/tumblr_nvekb8pf291te1xnqo2_500.gif
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Elfriede?!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Alfredo................. it’s you..,,,,,,,
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ALFREED
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Elfriedes alter ego
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It's Butler Elfriede
Bill: I was supposed to be doing more brainstorming (I have some ideas down!) but I ended up making RWBY whose line prompts.
