Bill: Winter.
Bill: It’s the start of spring.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So half a year
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Okay perfect
Bill: It was mid fall end of season 1.
Bill: Doing the cross overs is only a benefit to all of you; I’d love to see everyone have a defined relationship with everyone else through this. Some thing like “Elfriede is a knight to Afina”. I’d hope it’ll help you build your interpersonal relationships.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): can you define "defined"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oh you mean theyre still hanging out?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I'm not sure just yet what kind of interaction they'll be able to have over the interlude
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It'll have to be most likely on the trip to Laera for Elfriede
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): [cue awkward “I’ll see you later” scene complete with shoulder pat]
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yea boiiii,I got such a large variety of ideas for Elfie
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Vastly different
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Tough pick
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oh my
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): it seems i have once again accidentally become inspired and written some Good Shit™
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): G O O D S H I T
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah I like what I have so far for Elfie but I wanna flush it out more
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i need the logs to really round out my ideas ~~with feels~~ with relevant references to past events
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but like, it lookin good so far
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The logs?
Bill: Please remember that this is a team building exercise as well as an interlude.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): YE I KNOW im doin da set up
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye the logs of the old posts
Bill: Don't write so much you can't merge with other characters.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Ohhh yeee
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): its only a little over a paaaaage
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): So we just make a write up of what our characters have been up to? Or what we writin
Bill: Also we talked about post length being kinda... over the top sometimes before.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Interlude is a bit different I think
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i mean this is exposition for the whole part 2 of the game
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Also we were only planning on e per week this time right
Bill: You suggested that.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Ah yes right right
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I still think it's a good idea to start
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): If it runs well maybe up the pace but with how thinks have been going I think it'll give people more time to think about stuff
Bill: I think such a slow pace, personally, will keep us from getting back into a groove of posting.
Bill: Too much time between thinking about the game.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I think too fast will just burn people out
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): People just won't post
Bill: I attribute that more to the table split and ambiguous storyline.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): plus asides will still exist!
Bill: https://github.com/Willowlark/Dizzy/tree/master/batch-logs Logs by table.
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> scroll up to november 14th in the announcements, starting from the second message that day.
Bill: That's how the interlude thing is working.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Oo this?
Bill: yeah that whole thing.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ok so they all left eraia
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): then we have ~~aurii chibi~~ this interlude
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and then the events of aurii 2.0?
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Much thank
Bill: interlude fills timeskip ye.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and timeskip starts with............. formal ball?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): was that officially ruled or just a popular idea owo
Bill: Makes sense to me.
Bill: But it's not set in stone till we work through the winter months for everyone.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): DABS IM SO READY
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Hmm that sounds really hard to do tbh, idk, gonna have to figure out how the hell that's gonna work
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i imagine that the timeskip is like part 1 them all making their way back to [where ever]
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and part 2, what they did for the interlude
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah I mean the collaborative writing
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): besides twiddle their thumbs for 6 months
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The hand off
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): o ye
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): that gonna be hard interweaving everyones stories
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Like super hard 🤔
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Cuz we already have a preface which is Aurii 1
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And it's only been 6 months
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That's not alot of time for people to meet
Bill: The goal is to particularly create a connection the cross table pairings can lean into a bit.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i mean if afrins in laera she can send letters
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but otherwise, theres no reason for nokri and aldus to be in laera
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i mean 🤔 nokri could be like ME AND PINCESS ARE BFFS and the guards be like lol no
Bill: Laera is a long way away. Maybe Aldus went part of the way with Afina.
Bill: I think jumping to home for everyone is a bit premature.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): it would make sense, wynne and callora are allies so they would likely have to travel the same territory to get "home"
Bill: My suggestion is to openly discuss your opener, then see how someone else can join in, and work together.
Bill: Team building.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ok so nokri gets a bunch of handcuffs and cuffs everyone together for the return trips home
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): boom
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ok so the intention is to do the interaction with the people that werent on the OG table, right?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cause more nokri/aldus and afina/elfriede interactions would be mostly a re-hashing
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cause afina and elfriede werent on speaking terms last we saw them
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and aldus has suffered enough abUSE
Bill: yeah.
Bill: Hopefully it'll kill the table splits in the first place.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah they could, although aldus is going north, and I'm not sure where nokri is headed
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~to fuck bitches and make money~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~nokri be pimpin for 6 months~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ughhhh i can only think of two aspects of afinas
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and theyre just modified versions of aurii part 1
Bill: That part is fine, and I should say the 4th and 5th are optional.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): well i got that afinas magic ability is proportional to her confidence and ability to think clearly
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): making her a prodigy in ideal conditions, but really shitty if she has no self confidence and cant focus
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and the racist one too oops
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): both are good double edged aspects
Bill: Her responsibilties as princess would be a good one.
Bill: Did you read the new blog post?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yee and im looking at the yuria example
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): princess would be good u right
Bill: She has scars from the legos right, that could either work into racist or potential on it's own.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i figured that was more justification for the laguz aspect
Bill: Just going down the list of categories.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): aight now i got 3
Bill: Actually, one could be Elfriede.
Bill: He is a problem you are currently facing.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): people can be aspects
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _interesting_
Bill: Not just 'Elfriede' no. But "I thought I loved him, but he lied to me"
Bill: Aspects are anything that's core to a concept, in this case character.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 😭 thats so tragic but such a good idea
Bill: Anything that, if you were to be around it, you would learn about.
Bill: It can be on the nose as a room having the aspect "on fire".
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah i mean im trying to really hit the things that afina will be dealing with
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so right now ive touched on her skills as a light mage, her role as a princess, her grappling with her own prejudices
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): wondering if elfriede just slides in under the laguz category but hes played a larger role in her story beyond just being a wolfy boi
Bill: being broken hearted is an aspect of her right now.
Bill: Aspects don't have to be permenant.
Bill: They can change as the person grows.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i wanna use all 5 aspects to round out the character
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so i really like these three
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): then i gotta pop one in there about elfriede
Bill: ```Character Aspects: These aspects are on your character sheet, such as your high concept and trouble. They describe personality traits, important details about your past, relationships you have with others, important items or titles you possess, problems you’re dealing with or goals you’re working toward, or reputations and obligations you carry. ```
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i think i need one for her personality
Bill: You need a high concept.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): or that, yes
Bill: If you had to describe Afina in one sentence, that's your high concept.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i mean shes still striving to be well educated, but idk how much of an active struggle that is
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): idk how to phrase elfriede as a problem lmao
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): this is the best i can come up with? cause its double edged cause afina can invoke her feelings to help defend elfie, or to find him as a source of comfort
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Homestuck aspects pls
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): afina thief of light done
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _afina is vriska confirmed_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): maybe heir of light
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): o wait heirs are boys
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): [megalovania starts playjng]
Bill: ~~I'm rewriting the rulebook for you people, what am I doing`~
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Rewriting the rule book for us
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): billiam is the elfie one good
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): it sounds kinda vague but like.......... afina and elfriede are kinda vague right now
Bill: I dunno if you want to include anything about betrayal/heartbreak.
Bill: but other wise seems fine?
Bill: http://www.thelittlethingswemiss.us/article/2018/12/29/fate-accel-gamplay.html this is how aspects get used in Fate Accelerated. I'm still writing other sections, but that part is done.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~afinas new aspect "ive been a terrible leader, and a terrible friend, and--"~~
