Bill: > looking at japanese last names
> Morimoto
> Immediately thinks of iron chef
> well that's rejected
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof i have no opinions on aurii rn
Bill: okay... hero names...
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ~~wow nerd~~
do we put quirks with our characters
Bill: Your quirk is supposed to be an aspect. but putting more description is probably a good idea, just stick it on the end.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ooo
Bill: Chase's quirk is Wind Up (because he has to kinetically charge himself) Thunder Clap (cause he's got lightning powers).
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): TWO quirks!? woah
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): ~~or are they combined~~
Bill: it's... the same quirk. He can't use lightning till he powers his 'battery'.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): [runs in a circle making nyooming noises until charging is complete]
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): sounds really cool
Bill: PRetTTy MuCH.
Bill: Just imagine him hiding in one of the training areas, discussing strategy with his classmates before the villain team find them, but doing jumping jacks as fast as possible.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): so like fat gum but with movement instead of fat
Bill: ~~who that~~
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): and electricity instead of withholding punches. so not fat gum at all.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): FAT GUM
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): 
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): people think Momo should've interned with him instead of the hair girl
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): jess is right on this chapter i think
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): SOON
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): fat gum is cool he's a pretty popular cosplay here i've seen severl of him
Bill: I'll read the manga after I finish this Bakugo x Uraraka fic.
Bill: Which is great.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): is it ok to delay today's post
sowwy. i want to make a decent post instead of rushing before bed and making another horrid one like yesterday's. 
if i delay it should i also skip some inconsequential bonding stuff and get right to plot stuff. or should i make a longer post with all of that in it.
if y'all type questions/topics you want to bring up with Judas while travelling the first day you can recommend it here
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): of course its ok silly
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): here are 7 sheckels in compensation
Elfriede of commitment?: Tobukaze Ito
Power: Flight. Literally has wings.
Elfriede of commitment?: Also uses a sword.
Bill: Valid. Is that an entry to the game?
