No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): as long as there's one vote I'll keep updating at 1am JST (11am EST?) each day OwO
Bill: So... either everyone was in shock and awe, or unimpressed?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'd threaten her but I don't think Amelia has a very intimidating presence
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): The Mist is a Netflix series based on a steven king novel
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I forgot to read before
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~minor regret for voting for outline lol~~
Bill: I can still partially rework it, either along the same story line or something differenet.
Bill: Is that a serious regret?
Bill: There’s a trade off here between having the story be a surprise, where you guys get to “play” the story, or where you have more meta knowledge which lets you tailor and write the story.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye I'm not really sure how I feel about it yet
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): she’s also unarmed
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im not completely sold on it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): tho i appreciate that theres a focus on callora
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): "the mist" just feels sorta... not like something to get hype about
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): the demon is!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but that seems quiiiite far off
Bill: Haven’t decided on what, but bad things lurk in said Mist. Lesser demons, possessed and mad humans, monsters of so and so type.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~grimm?~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i also have been a fan of like... more relatably villainy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): if that makes sense
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like stuff that isnt just "this is evil"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like if a kingdom got a hold of a magic item and was trying to use it to conquer callora
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): or something
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like i think id personally prefer using something we've already built into the world
Andrew: A rough estimate of what it will end up looking like. A couple things i  want to note:
-Dimensions are skewed from the hex map because I dont know if this program can change the dimensions of the working area.
-Names may be mixed up, need to be checked by someone whos familiar.
Andrew: -Still working on terrain and landscapes like coastlines and distances/sizes of physical features like the mountain ranges and forests
Andrew: -Town icons are varied based on information about the town, although its hard to see at this scale.
Andrew: -I dont know if I can apply borders/nation colors yet.
Andrew: -Two towns are unamed. Ignore them for now.
Bill: <@!141729881779077121> FUCKING WOW
Bill: I don’t mind the distances in translation, so long as the key stuff is there (best example being that the short route between lyall and theanovene is blocked by mountain, which you have).
Bill: If we have to do a different version, or super impose political boundaries I think that’s okay. I’m just loving the terrain map. If you want to add more detail to the terrain, please do. Things like rivers don’t fit well on hex maps, stuff like that.
Bill: The trade routes I have on there could easily be turned into the start of roads.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Nice work <@141729881779077121>  👌
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): next update gonna be a long one.
are people done with the forest do you want to move on to the city for now (the forest can return) or do you want to camp out more in the woods
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Unsure, hit us with whatever you got <:mew_face:498866691963355137>
Bill: <@&358049600172589067> So to your point Georgia, the idea for a Mist/Demon comes from that storyline poll in announcements winning with "A great evil appears, monsters attack, chaos ensues". Do people want to revisit that? Aurii is technically low fantasy, so the evil monster is a trope outside of the norm. (That said, I have reservations about making any one nation a villain, I personally enjoy that every nation has good and bad points).
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): some spoilers for tonight's update:

basically robin is gonna take y'all back to her home base and then have y'all set out for the city the next morning.
something could happen at her home base (not action-y but more talking and character establishing) before moving on to the city, or you can just go right for the city where adventure awaits.

in the last poll I did some people answered it was moving too slowly but I also don't want to move it too fast
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): No one has to be a villain too. But there could be a *problem*
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): More in the normal realm.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i could combine a random conversation into the post to move it along to the city while still fleshing out characters, but you wouldn't have any choice as to what the convo is about
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): should i ping people with another poll
oh man
i don't want to
but should i
oh man
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Im fine with sitting and talking
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): coolio if no one else has any input tom shall speak for all
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea das good
Bill: well, someone needs to be a antagonist in a story.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): not necessarily. have you seen wreck-it ralph 2
Bill: Nope.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): no antagonist ⭐
Bill: Antagonist is just an opposing force. If this was story about disaster rescue, the antagonist is the earthquake. It creates conflict for the characters to overcome.
Bill: To be fair, something like K-on has no antagonist. But this group cannot do slice of life.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): we're forming a bandnow
Bill: A proper antagonist will help everyone have a united motivation.
Bill: So I personally would like to avoid the 'quest to defeat Dreca' which is the obvious take. One of my drafts did involve Dryn Wulfa basically going super saiyan and making the war more serious. But that applies to any of the nations, because I find the good and bad aspects of each nation nice and making a quest against one of them will eliminate their good points.
Bill: So alternative antagonists are splinter groups, like the cult of Lyarlel or some smaller organization with reach between nations doing something ebil... an external force, such as demons (rawr), or some kind of unknowing antagonist like a natural disaster.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): low fantasy so hard to define there's no one unifying trait. there are things alot of low fantasy works have in common but its basically a BS term that means "not high fantasy"
Bill: It's out of my original vision for Aurii. The direct inspiration is fire emblem, where monsters are a secondary thing and the nations are the highlight.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): fire emblem is low fantasy? i mean ive only played awakening but that one doeesnt seem low fantasy to me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that literally good dragon vs evil dragon thats like textbook high fantasy imo
Bill: It's how I describe it compared to D&D, where there are 300 different monsters, you spend all your time killing goblins and orcs, and knowing fireball means you'll never lose a fight cause spells are busted powerful.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the model description for high fantasy is usually Tolkien "not D and D" doesnt mean low fantasy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my point being
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont think we should limit ourselves to the vague description of low fantasy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i relate low fantasy to the real world, with fantasy elements thrown in. or a world where magic has little importance or popularity, but thats just my personal interpretation since the term is just so vague
Bill: Okay. But lets put the specific term aside.
Bill: I'm looking to keep this a story about people, soldiers, not wizard duels and balrogs.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ah
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i take off my robe and wizard hat
Bill: So wrapping back around, there's always something behind the problems you face in an adventure. Is the supernatural not what people want to do?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hmmm i like supernatural elements for sure. maybe some sort of power wiggles its way into the minds of the nations leaders, causing them to slowly become more and more obsessed with power to throw h in more of a moral gray area. people start out doing good but turn to more and more unorthodox ways
Bill: Okay, that's in the vein of the demonic possession stuff in the mist. The mist itself is a vehicle to represent 'lost territory', inside demons can roam, magic will be more powerful. As it spreads, humanity loses.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im trying to think of ideas but i keep just thinking of other storylines ive liked
Bill: ~~the mist is blatently ripped from Lost Kingdoms on Gamecube~~
Bill: ~~one of my drafts is just 'hector from castlevania'~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): would it be like the mist in korra?
Bill: Never watch Korra.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "The Fog of Lost Souls is a boundless prison for humans located within the Spirit World. It is inhabited by a sentient fog spirit that can infect the minds of individuals, effectively driving them insane by imprisoning them in their own darkest memories."

"It prevents a person's spirit from returning to their corporeal form, and humans that venture inside typically do not find their way out. The fog is impervious to bending, as it immediately recovered after Tenzin attempted to use airbending to clear the area. The only known way to exit the Fog of Lost Souls is to clear one's mind and accept one's own fears, which causes the fog to dissipate long enough to allow an individual to escape."
Bill: Less possessive on it's own.
Bill: Think... twilight realm, Twilight Princess.
Bill: It's halfway between one world and the next.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like rifts in DA:I, essentially they are tears in the "fabric separating" the spirit world and the "real world"
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Who's the antagonistnin mononoke? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: that said, the mist itself won't be too prominent for the long game. You escape, and you don't go back till you're armed with da magic weapon(s).
Bill: Tom. The hunters.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Hunters?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): humans and their deforestation and attempts to control all of earth's natural resources
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the spirit world has good and bad spirits, in the end you find out one of your closest companions wants to tear down the veil completly merging the 2 worlds to restore an ancient civilization <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>  I love dragon age
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): True, but they do so much good too, like giving leppers jobs, empowering the women of that town
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the boars were attacked by the hunters because they were going wild because their territory was cut down and taken over by humans
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): again though no real antagonist
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Her ruling, not out of greed, but out of love of her people
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah that's the thing that makes it so neet
Bill: The other hunters, the old guy. He was all about greed.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): He was prob the closest thing to evil in the whole story yeah
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But if you go back to the beginning he was the only one to help ashitaka, and not out of greed
Bill: BUT. You are correct in that there's not one villain. That's a complicated story though, and quite frankly I feel we should try and keep it simplier. We need to get everyone on the sample page and meshed going forward.
Bill: It's possible to do that mix of good and bad forces, tbh the nations are supposed to have that effect. Dreca is justified in needing more land, Eraia isn't just defending their land, they're forcing their religion, etc.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I'm just playing devil's advocate tho, one fire emblem esk nation villian isn't a bad thing
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The closest things to evil and greed in Aurri are def eraia and dreca
Bill: I'm not looking for the one villain nation though. Though I guess as far as the mists storyline it's Callora in a way.
Bill: ~~I should retcon Callora into a 6th nation~~
Bill: Most of it.
Bill: It's annoying as a 'vague, fill in the blank kingdom space'.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah that works
Bill: But that's also besides the point.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I didn't read the mist explanation myself cuz I didn't wanna spoil anything
Bill: ~~it's not Callora, not a spoiler~~
Bill: The most popular result on the poll was a 'great evil'. Are people more interested in keeping the super natural out, cause I have to revisit the drawing board in that case.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Im fine with a "great evil" , I think I'd prefer something a bit more subtle but I feel like I'm kinda picky with storys
Bill: One way I have of implementing the mist epic will have little in the way of monsters, it'll stick to mostly human enemies. Mostly normal, some with some corruption effects or something like that.
Bill: Does that appeal to your comments <@!245270932602486784> ?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I think I like that more
Bill: I agree. I don't want Aurii to have a bestiary.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Also is this supposed to be apocalyptic?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Cuz that changes the tone of the story and I'm down for that
Bill: More of the 'prevent the apocalyptic' event.
Bill: The mist, if fully spread across Aurii, would be apocalyptic.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah, if it covers a large part of the nation and there's like a time limit that scholars predict that'd be neet
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Like ey we have one year
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And no idea what it is
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOO what if we fail and cause the Apocalypse that sounds fun
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It's already destroyed part of collora and theonovayne
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Or the mist covers everywhere
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And really starts obliterating the country
Bill: That's the idea.
Bill: Mist bad.
Bill: Nothing comes out from the mist.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I really like the idea of being disconnected a bit ya know
Bill: What, like being forced to travel through the mists when no one else can?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah, or like disconnected in the way that you can't just book it to the nearest town or camp because you don't know if it's there anymore
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Make the characters afraod
Bill: Some ravenloft shit. Also abuses the evil mist trope.
Bill: That's all good shit.
Bill: Question, pretty much everyone said they wanted Aurii a little lighter and softer. Post apocalyptic is... not that.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): you can be post apocalyptic and light. adventure time
Bill: Well, it can still be. The storylines themselves can be brighter, but the mood around them can be darker.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Also in enderal (teehee) there's a rampant "condition" that causes emotionally comprised people to lose their minds
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Like higurashi
Bill: Murder lolis!
Bill: So no issue if the mist makes things a little darker, more spook?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah, tradgedy makes a good story whewwww
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): As long as eventually you overcome at some point
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think i want the characters to be more friendly with each other but the owrld can be dark af idc
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I never dug the shows that's just tradegy after tradegy and nothing good every happens and it's over
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah I agree
Bill: No game of thrones.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah not that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dark times but with happy little part inbetween
Bill: I hate game of thrones.
Bill: I get what you mean, successes in a dark world.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): never read/watched it so idk
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah!
Bill: That's perfectly okay with me, the arcs can serve as those successes.
Bill: Mmkay... so I'm going to retool the story a bit (which will make it somewhat surprising again for those who read the plot points) to be a bit closer to the end of the world. Before I didn't intend to use the mist as much, but I'm going to lean Twilight Princess and scatter it into the adventure. (No wolf forms though) (oh wait).
Bill: But from what I'm hearing this is in the vein of a good adventure.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): rip aldus
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Everyone gets a wolf form
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): rip elfriede too but he never wanted than anyway
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The mist turns everyone into furries
Bill: ~~only elfie gets wolf-ifed~~
Bill: Aldus: "OH FOR FUCKSSAKE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG the only time adlus can had wolf form is in the spirit world
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh ok or that
Bill: nah. I had no intention to borrow the wolf form part of twilight realm.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That would be adorable lmao, like in link tot he past
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i was gonna say aldus would get mad addicited to spirt world travel and yall would have to curb him
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): How everyone turns into an animal in the dark world
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh shit nvm i just made aldus solas whoops
Bill: Georgia, Marisa?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): sorry i was imagining drama unfolding
hewwo
furries yeah
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): sounds good
Bill: So 
* Less 'evil mist in one place' more 'evil mist is the demon(?) world consuming ours'
* More interaction with the mist
* Less creatures, mostly human or possessed superhumans. 
* pre apocalyptic, it's only a matter of time
* world is darker, but less drama at the personal level. 
* world is darker, you work towards successes to stop mistcalypse.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I'm okay with slight human mutations too, I guess that's what the superhumans would be
Bill: mmm, more thinking super strength. Still human.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That's fine too
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Like I think monsters are okay, but very very very rare Linda deal
Bill: But I may scrap demon and do some kind of twili or... idk, play with the idea of non demonic beings.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The old ones <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: It's only an online at this point, so I have room to get a bit more original now that things are getting clearer.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Some crazy powerful luch that woke up <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Some cycle shit <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Aurii has become self aware
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Aurii chibi is the mist
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And it's coming to make the world into a shitty comedy anime
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): With odd sexual humor
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Also gonna be honest for longevity sake
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): We should probably run it to begin with
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Once per week
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): To see how people keep up and handle it
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And speed up or slow down depending on schedule
Bill: Not adverse to that.
Bill: And additional content can go in asides, encouraging more ~~support conversations~~ bonding.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~you only need three support conversations to get married~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): good we can all get marrried
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 💕 💕 💕
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): you gotta walk in on someone in the shower and then they gotta walk in on you and then you have an awkward convo about it and then bam. marriage.
Bill: Marisa, additional comments or things about the list I just @'d in?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it sounds good. can't think of anything to add or contribute.
reminds me a bit of the theories people have for shield hero, where there are 2 worlds/dimensions trying to destroy each other but they both don't know it
Bill: mmmkay, I'll hit the brainstorming again once <@!245270932602486784> has a chance to contribute.
Bill: ~~is star supposed to be for Brain~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it stands for 🌟 ~! i was gonna put 🤕 for brain but didn't want that to be misinterpreted
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): now i can put it <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): that post is definitely a mess oops
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Wait so what was decided about the mist?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i meant to write more about judas but got tired and forgot. idk if i mentioned it already or not but basically the fangs/bites were kind of poisonous. not enough to kill but enough to weaken and judas is too weak at the moment to do anything aside from rest.

the encampment that they're in looks like this except with maybe 3 buildings still standing and the rest destroyed
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Less “a demon is throwing monsters from the mist” and more “there’s a rift that’s causing people to mutant and be creatures and we gotta stop that shit”
Bill: scroll back to the last @, I made a pist of changes
Bill: Player @, I mean.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah what I just is what I gathered from that @
Bill: The mist is how you can tell that another world, possibly demonic, possible something similiar, is overlapping Aurii. If the mist consumes all of Aurii (and it's expanding), Aurii will be lost to that world. Apocalyptic stuff. You'll be the ones to stop it from expanding, following ancient legends and finding legendary trinkets and crap.
Bill: You'll also for some reason I've yet to fathom, be the only ones to travel the mist. Other people are trapped or possessed by whatever lives in this other world, making them ebil and crazy.
Bill: There will be travel acts through the mist to get to other nations, and you'll have to work in the nations with the unaffected peoples.
Bill: if there are any true monsters, they'll be boss tier. Most enemies will be run of the mill human like they have been, or in the mist you could run across a possessed person who'll be like, faster and stronger.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo i think the mist should have something to do elbia
Bill: Noted.
Bill: and of note for Afina, the other world will make magic stronger.
Bill: or possibly unstable.
Bill: ~~it'd be a riot if we did use 'wolf form in twilight realm' cause Afina would be a leggo~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Maybe not the **only** ones
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But as far as we know
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Maybe there's a bunch of marked people
Bill: Have yet to approach the why of that question, but the idea is once you go in the mist, you don't come out. It's to keep the mist *mist*erious.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Like.maybe 100 people or something
Bill: It shouldn't be like... 'oh yeah, it's just weather'.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Omg Afina would SHIT
Bill: ~~well she'd be a dog so~~
Bill: How's that sound overall though Georgia? I'm using all the input to tailor this a bit.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah it’s better than “scary demon has evil agenda”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): To have another world merging with Aurii sounds less “fake evil”
Bill: well, these are quick summaries. I'm not going for the cheap plots <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I'd like to also suggest
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 1 table
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Even if the party is split
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): please
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~no party split plz we only have 4 ppl~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): unless its only breifly
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah that too
Bill: No split tables ye.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yes 1 table plz and thank
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): If we need to have characters alone there’s asides
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _cant wait to drag you all into asides again_
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Wooo
