Elfriede (Tom): So.. when you say flowers growing out of someone's ears
Elfriede (Tom): You mean this in the literal sense right, like out of ear canals sprout flowers
Elfriede (Tom): Like a mutation
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Built in flower crown
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ye she wasn't born with it so not quite a mutation, but totes growin' out of her ear
Elfriede (Tom): AHH like a virus
Elfriede (Tom): Or
Elfriede (Tom): Fungus
Elfriede (Tom): Or mold
Elfriede (Tom): But pretty
Elfriede (Tom): Getting Harold vibes
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): That was way too hard to find
Total Nok-out (Marisa): he's gorgeous
Total Nok-out (Marisa): 
Total Nok-out (Marisa): like that kinda
Elfriede (Tom): Ah nice! V cute
Total Nok-out (Marisa): unmarried guys tend to have short hair and unmarried women tend to have long hair (this isn't a 100% thing but it's common enough), while married guys have longer hair and married women have short hair
Elfriede (Tom): Oo nicuu
Elfriede (Tom): So Walter and his wife are relatively young you said right
Total Nok-out (Marisa): ye they're younger. Minnie is aroudn 4 years older than Amelia and Walter probably isn't too much older.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): well 20s isn't too young *but yeah*
Total Nok-out (Marisa): I’ve got a big test tomorrow but I’ll try and post before bed tonight if people want to cast in their votes before like... midnight? If that’s possible? 11am your time. If people are too busy though I can delay the post. 

We went over the characters and their relations in the chat above earlier but questions/complaints always welcome
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I like the ear flowers
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Pls don’t stick flowers in your ear I don’t think it’s too healthy
Total Nok-out (Marisa): i can't think of an obvious third option ~~aside from cry~~ but anything goes if there's a suggestion
Total Nok-out (Marisa): actually yeah i can
Bill: Nokri?
Total Nok-out (Marisa): Nokri is yuri
Alfrick(Tim): Nokri?
Bill: One on the right looks like Nokri.
Alfrick(Tim): I was repeating your sentiment
