Bill: So I'm getting the feeling the story crossover thing isn't something people are enjoying?
Bill: My end goal is to fill out something like this for all the arrows (and update the Afina/Elfriede one). I think it will give everyone a better standing for interpersonal interactions.
Bill: I can see skipping the cross over thing *if* we can make a chart like this work.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): das neat
is it just these 4 characters or do we have anyone else joining?
Bill: This just what I did.
Bill: Tikur is somewhere.
Bill: Uh.
Bill: I keep waffling on inviting Erik.
Bill: I was going to invite Sam and Denny too, wasn't I...
Bill: lets focus on the four veterans tho.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): the confusing nature of rebooting up aurii is confusing me and therefore muffling my creativity and hype <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: Both of these are exercises done to help define the relationships between characters. I want to do one of them at least because there was some confusion about why some of your characters cared about each other.
Bill: Rather than Nokri be “that bitch from Trisp”, if Nokri becomes “my pupil who may be using me but I appreciate her input so I don’t care” the relationship between Nokri and Afina has somewhere to go.
Bill: That relationship can evolve to real friendship, could end in a fight over something, Afina could put more trust in Nokri and get burned, etc.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but we would need to establish what happened during the timeskip in order to make those relationships right?
Bill: Afina HAS no relationship to Aldus and Nokri, and hers with Elfriede is complicated.
Bill: Correct.
Bill: The point of all the crossover stuff is a vehicle to create a relationship between the two characters. If they never interact in the skip, nothing forms.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): she could be like "hey ur those peeps from that church"
Bill: That’s incredibly difficult to role play through and that’s caused suffering in the past.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): s u f f e r i n g
Bill: Not character suffering, player suffering from rp difficulty.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): spiderman meme except its the aldus and nokri pointing at elfriede and afina
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i was thinking of making nokri a bit stealthier since her current skills are kind of useless
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): good idea
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): that will be drawn at a later point in time
perhaps with the rest of the dating sim
Bill: Does that make sense.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i just saw the word 'suffering' and started blanking out
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ok so
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i think all the characters should have duo asides that take place during the timeskip
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): rather than this brush past kinda thing
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cause thats really hard to write and borderline non canonical in some circumstances
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like i imagine nokri and afina train for a bit on the voyage back, maybe aldus and afina split to travel northtogether
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): anddddd she doesnt really need to talk to elfriede after what happened does she <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): o yeah i thought they would be brief interactions. that sounds like a good idea.
if it was just a pass-by then nokri would probably ignore everyone but afina
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): omg i just realized nokri is basically maomao
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): enjoys potions/medicines/poisons and doesn't really care about anyone else unless it makes their life easier. good at acting. freckles.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): sneaky sneak?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): yeah! maomao's totally snuck into places and done sneaky things to find evidence for things.
Bill: It was always supposed to be more than just a bump into each other.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like it sounded like a baton hand off kinda
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like afina had to talk to aldus and then aldus would have to immediately talk to a new person
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): less like a one shot
Bill: What you’ve described works.
Bill: You don’t have to do The aside even, the goal is just to create that relationship. It can even be a future plan for the relationship, so long as you can get a clue of your character dynamics.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): marisa do you want something to happen to nokri and afinas blossoming friendship owo
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): sure!! nokri will do pretty much anything for afina unless some other princess/royalty who's more important shows up
Bill: Figure out a goal for Nokri in regards to Afina. Steal from her library, marry into the family, think one step beyond yes mamam
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): obtain some kind of wealth or prestige
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): nokri wouldn't suck up without an ulterior motive. she's just waiting for an opportunity to come along, whether that be being introduced to someone more powerful and rich through afina or obtaining her own money and recognition by being associated with a princess
Bill: Then discovery that potential opportunity.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): "hey afina you know any hot single kings with a ton of cash and land?"
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 🤔
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): nokri would pull a Claudius/Laertes and just start poisoning her rich spouse's wine
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): *raised hand* 
"Miss ma'am? Is Nokri chaotic Evil?"
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Everyone knows the paladin can't be in the party with an evil alignment member. 🙏
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): perhaps a chaotic neutral
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): nokri poisons elfriede thinking hes the rich spouse
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Understandable have a nice day
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): tom do afina and elfie actually need to talk tho?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): is there anything left for them to say after _the event_?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): they walk into the same restaurant and don't realize it until after they both order so they're stuck side-eyeing each other and glaring awkwardly until their food arrives
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): i dont think they need to talk
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): im assuming there way probably like a
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): "well uhhh, its been real"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): “You fight good” *shoulder pat and leave*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OK SO how do we fuck up afinas life further via nokri
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Also everyone is gonna be much closer when the realize the whole world is getting destroyed eyy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): WOOOOO
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I think Afina should talk to Aldus on the trip home and be like “wow he has so much info on the legos maybe he’s useful for a spot on my advising council”
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): **so much info***
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Lmao
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): *walks up to nearest black person*

Yes hello good sir, can you help me deal with your fellow black folk
Bill: You’re getting it Georgia.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): omg have you ever ready thebootydiary's post about isis
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I have not
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Which one <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i just posted it in another channel
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): because it's pure gold
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Okay so Afina has to be awkward and “it’s complicated” with Elfriede, tense (but probably hoping to reconcile) with nokri, and appreciative though reserved about Aldus
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Hoorah
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Sound good
Bill: Jess, how do you feel about all of the above?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ha haha i didnt read it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i was asleep
Bill: tldr all this team building cross over stuff is so that everyone can have a defined relationship with each other. I'm fine with skipping the cross over stuff in the interludes, if we can get those relationship definitions. The legacy example is `Eflriede is Afina's Escort`. Their relationship is defined through that, and evolved as they bonded.

What I want everyone to have going into season 2 is an idea of what they're relationship is to each other. So is Aldus could "be jealous of Elfriede because he takes his gift for granted" or "be interested in Afina's libraries to find a cure" or "want to teach Elfriede to embrace his woofer side".
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i find the whole establishing relationships thing weird cuz of where we left off
Bill: You can use the timeskip to add more content to your relationships, which was the cross over thing. Since people were saying I wasn't clear, that doesn't just mean cameo. You can have a whole mini adventure together if you need to.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea im really lacking on the inspiration here, i have ideas but they dont involve others
Bill: Maybe other people will be able to involve themselves in those ideas?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Maybe
Bill: Just talk to me about what you're thinking, ditto for all <@&358049600172589067>. This is supposed to be a helpful thing, not a stresser.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Allready kinda told you and you weren't really a fan it seemed
Bill: forgive me, I'm blanking on what it was.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): uhhhh wanted him to get into some type of fight with his dad and end up killing him and kinda send him spirling down into a depression and end up joining a kind of Robin hood type gang thing eventually
Bill: You could do that, sure. How does that bring you back down to the mainland though?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He wasn't gonna go home his dad was gonna find him
Bill: oh that a good plan.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But it doesn't involve anyone else
Bill: It can though.
Bill: so... lets say it happens in Eraia, your Dad gets all the way there. Elfriede could be on assignment in that town, and he responds to the commotion. Then he is involved for a bit, maybe helps Aldus get away since it's not Eraian business and Elfie knows Aldo is a good boi ™ or so on.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But Elfie dies know that since they never had time to actually talk
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And eraia freaked aldus to out 😂
Bill: So it happens in Callora. Aldo and Afina share a carriage back to Callora, Afina gets freaked out by the lego combat.
Bill: You have your outline, and that works out. All the cross over stuff can just be expansions of it.
Bill: Also it'd be cool if Aldus was at this party in Laera at the start for an ulterior reason.
Bill: Like he accepted the invite to scout the place for his robin hood group, or he doesn't accept at all but shows up anyway to scout...
Bill: ~~Aldus becomes a (noble) thief and Nokri suddenly like 'shit he useful'~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OH THATS A GOOD IDEA
