Bill: <@!351785752197201920> Couple things for Elfie

1. You have two +3, it's one +3 and two +2's. Just gotta drop a +3 to a +2. 
2. `Duelist Training` feels a little too broad to me, would it apply in a big fight but he's only fighting one person at that moment, or just a more formal duel scenario?
3. `Inquisitor's gaze` is a little too broad as well, a +5 Flashy *whenever* Yuria is around is a bit strong if Yuria were to party with the group. I like the concept, just reduce the scope a wee bit.
Aldus Larian (Jess): am I not a player anymore? :0
Bill: I did it based on sheets... if you still want to wait on doing the character sheet you can, but we had tabled a discussion of how Aldus was coming to the party so let’s do that first.
Aldus Larian (Jess): everyone else has a sheet in?
Aldus Larian (Jess): and knows how they are entering party :o?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~still need to finish mine and I have no idea how I'm entering~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): is the party Afina's father is holding like, the main starting point in which we all somehow come together?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I'm reading previous discussion and my character was mentioned
Bill: The party is being held to promote Calloran unity. The simple solution for Jess is Afina invited you so you went. 

Imo you and Erik should have met in the timeskip, doing something. You once talked about aldus doing some Robin Hood like stuff; a legitimate invite to a big party would be a good opportunity for Aldo/his group to get information on the rich people in Callora. Erik could, theoretically, be from that group. He has yet to really talk about Chengu’s backstory ideas though, so dunno if this makes sense.
Bill: I said I did it by sheets not party entrances.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): guess i didnt realize everyone else had their sheet in
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooh that's a neat idea if Aldus was doing Robin Hood~~rat~~ stuff with his friends I could have been one of those friends picked up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I feel like that would be a smoother way for me to join
Bill: If this was a tv show, and Aldus came back for the first time in the new season, what’s he look like? Has he been training on a mountain? Did he join a group? Has his personality changed? Does he have a new skills? 

The details of what group, what mountain, etc don’t have to be clear yet. Just share the mental image of Aldus.
Bill: Can he furrify himself now? Did he lop off his ears? Does he have a new grudge? Is his goal still to make that potion? Did he have any traumatic experiences recently, or a relationship fall apart?
Bill: If something sounds interesting, say “okay something traumatic happened. What might have happened? When? Where? Who was involved? Is Aldus over it? Is there something that could bring back the trauma for him, like seeing his lovers murderer again?”
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oo yeha clever was a mistype
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Also it's +2 flashy bot 5
Aldus Larian (Jess): you want his dad to be involved in the party now though right?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Plus the nerf I added when the approach is different
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And it's more of a formal duel scenario, but it doesn't need to be like a hey let's duel yo. If one person attacks him in the woods alone that would still fall in that
Aldus Larian (Jess): writting isnt the hard part for me honestly i just need to sit down an do that. but i dont know how to revise his sheet until after i flesh out the wrtting
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But if he's with somebody or they are with somebody it wouldn't count
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So rare
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just have to change the thing with his dad
Bill: Okay I like dueling then, and I say +5 cause he already has +3 flashy. You are only supposed to have one stunt tho.
Bill: Iirc his dad is a chieftain right? And rather hot headed?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i was gonna have his dad find him pre aurii reunite and basically have aldus kill him in a fight and have that be his tramatic experience thing but i can do something else
Bill: OOOOooh. If you'd like to do that it can still be that.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Only one? Your example had several tho 👀
Elfriede Faun (Tom): An confuse
Aldus Larian (Jess): aldus had alot of trauma before the game even started though i kinda feel like he doesn't necessarily need more
Bill: Basically I was having Aldus's Dad be the Wynne representative. He'd also be very anti Dreca and try and push Callora into fighting before their ready (cause Wynne is already going to war with them).
Bill: That doesn't have to be your Dad, it can be another Wynnite, but I was thinking your Dad so you'd have a direct link to the politics.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea
Bill: yea to what?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea good thought
Bill: thank. I try.
Bill: If he doesn't need more trauma that's okay too. What successes might he had? Did he take a step or two in getting past a trauma? Did he have a spell of depression and not succeed at anything? Is he working towards old goals or a new goal?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have ideas for all that
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just need to to actually write them out
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont know how to revise my sheet though
Bill: We can deal with the sheet later. Idea spew. You were right in asking before about everyone's way to get into the party cause that's pretty important. If we have that for Aldus I'll be more comfortable if you want to take more time with the sheet.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ill try to write up an outline
Bill: bullet points is fine, whatever you have. 👍
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive been away from his character for so long i like dont even remember who he is ya know?
Bill: I was about to say, imagine Aldus as Aliza when she got back from Japan and just. Catch up. Think about all the things he would tell you about that happened while you were apart.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but i didnt have to make up those things XD
Bill: true. It's like... a way to get into the frame of mind.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ook so we left off fleeing from Eraia with Enera right?
Bill: Ye.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok and then desii took her home?
Bill: Ye.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i like the pink tho maybe i just wont finish my sheet
Bill: It's your lady Whoozica cult leader color.
Aldus Larian (Jess): we can have more than one stunt?
Bill: No.
Aldus Larian (Jess): its pretty. i didnt like the blue too dark
Aldus Larian (Jess): toms has 3
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): CULT OF ALDUS?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What a wild timeskip that would be
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Bill: Tom listed three, I just told him earlier he needs to choose one. So do other people.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): AND I SAID BUT YOUR EXAMPLE HAS TWO
Bill: *It's an example of the two, _different types_ of stunt you can use*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'll remove one for now, the yuria one probably
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Tbh the knight light one could happen anyways
Bill: Yeah, I'd drop that one.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Even without the stunt
Bill: You can just say that.
Bill: And I can lay off how wide the scope is for stunts I realize... they cost fate points to use, so you can't abuse it.
Bill: ~~unless I'm also abusing you`~
Bill: wait no stunts don't cost fate points, invoking aspects does.
Bill: ignore me.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok so to fill my last two aspects, what would you suggest I focus on? The first two kind of have to do with my personality and the third is like, a bodily function as a result of my laguz anatomy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I feel like some kind of weapon proficiency might be a thing I should add?
Bill: They can relate your backstory and skills. I honestly want to know more about your ideas for Chengu’s history.
Bill: 
Bill: Unless the weapon is special or defining of him as a person, you don’t need a “weapon” aspect. You’ll be able to use it fine.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my rough outline of his early backstory:
> dad was laguz, mom was not
> was bullied as a child for being a laguz
> mama taught him to be proud of his laguzness (since she also faced scorn for marrying a laguz)
> papa taught him to stand up to his bullies and defend himself
> at some point one of the parents dies or gets killed (haven't decided which yet)
and that's kind of all I got for now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also going back to earlier conversations where Georgia asked if he had an ex-lover and then you threw out that Rica person and I think that could be an interesting tie in as well
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also might have to change where he is from because being bullied for being a laguz doesn't sound like something that is common in Theanovene
Bill: Good childhood stuff... so when he become a teen/adult what’s he do? What’s his dream in life? How’s he worked towards it already? 

Potentially he could be from the Kissaelain Territories which were conquered by Dreca when they came to the main land. It’s basically minagerie, where other nations dumped the laguz so they d stop complaining. Savannah. This was a few years ago now. No one came to assist them cause they leggo and that’s how Dreca got such a good foothold on the mainland. The laguz there are basically enslaved to the Drecian war effort at this point. 

Lol Rica is the leader of a group of laguz bandits. I could happily have her be an ex of yours, I like her.
Bill: Rica like. Seinna Khan but way less motivated to save the world and more interested in her people.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooh ok
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): good stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'll think it over
Bill: Rip Atalantia, cause she earned Rica's respect.
Bill: Really Rip, Atalantia is like the only character Rica really interacted with.
Bill: It was 3 years ago when Dreca landed. Dreca had Wyverns too, which completely fucked up the territories.
Bill: 3 1/2. I gotta revisit timeline.
Bill: Rica's backstory is pretty nebulus, she could have always been the anger kitty she is now and Chengu joined up with her when he was having a Bad Time ™, or Chengu and her could have been friends, shit happened, and they parted ways when she got radical and he didn't...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): maybe they were childhood friends and started the bandit thing together and then yeah she went radical and he wasn't about that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~has an almost V/Rika vibe to it lmao~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): such is her namesake
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: it is not.
Bill: Also has a blake adam vibe.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ^
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): childhood could have been Ren/Nora-esque except he actually defends her from bullies
Bill: YeeEEAAAaaaaHHHhhhh Rica is not the type to be bullied. *Bully*. Not be bullied.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I mean, personality could have changed as a result 🤷
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): AURII GETTIN SPICY?? 🌶🌶🌶 _ex lovers and complicated backstories wooo_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also rica was all about smelling elfriede I recall
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I don't want to make up too much of her backstory as well lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Though ye primarily interacted with atalantia
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz atalantia was a proud laguz
Aldus Larian (Jess): elfy not proud
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wait so did Chengu live in the tigerlands and then flee to theanovene?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _it tried to autocorrect to cheney_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): not sure yet, gotta flesh that out
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Fleeing would be a good opportunity to kill a parent 👀
Bill: Rica could just smell Elfie as a leggo.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ☝
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye she was like “this human smells weird” and fucked up his day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): All of the party really has their day fucked up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Rica was STRONK
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dunno if that’s chengus type but IF SO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sounds like his type
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _cant wait for Afina to fight with him about the laguz wheeee_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEAH
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Roca also kicked Elfy into a wall and cracked his ribb
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She's hella strong
