Bill: Update: Callora has apparently been a confederacy since the beginning so I'm updating the Calloran Alliance to the Calloran League to be more accurate.
Bill: I'd have called it confederacy, but Calloran Confederacy sounds cheesy.
Bill: Torshan is now italy, they talk with their hands.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woo sign language representation
Bill: Oh I should use that
Bill: ~~coming up with cultural details so fucking hard~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Sign LANGUAGE IN AURII WOO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WORLD buildING
Bill: again, reaaaally hard.
Bill: http://www.aurii.us/aurii_world_guide/4-2-Calloran_League.html OKAY Someone be my guinea pig, do you get a sense of the culture of the Callora League as a whole, as well as the sections Callora/Torshan/Dwyr/Rocnas?
Bill: Or do any/all of them feel fuzzy?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I am... trying
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also women being subservient to men is so old hat, why don’t we ever spin it around <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Callora is the traditional fantasy kingdom.
Bill: Hence traditional tropes.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m uhhhhh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah I’m
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m already lost
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I’m the Callorian player
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And suuure okaaaaay if you say soooo
Bill: I thought we had a strong female leader... hmm. I know Rica and Yuria are things of course, but thought there was a formal one.
Bill: The idea is just like. Callora is big. So it has a variety of cultures. Especially since they're independent states.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m gonna be honest Bill I’m trying to care but I’m zoning out halfway down the page
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t think chunking Callora is smart
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Maybe in half
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But with all four I really can’t be bothered to give a heck except for where Afina is from
Bill: Callora always WAS chunked though. Now I'm giving names to the chunks.
Bill: We can't really *use* Callora for anything unless it has details.
Bill: It's basically like... eastern and western US.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeaaaah I get what you’re going for
Bill: Not the same, but similar.
Bill: South, midwestern.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I just can’t seem to care enough to learn about all four
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which is gonna suck cause Afina should know this like the back of her hand
Bill: You can do a lot of the learning on the fly, cause I'mma make up alot of it on the fly.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Up to you game master boi person
Bill: TLDR
Callora: Old fashioned midevil town
Torshan: Super passionate kingdom that's had like, 3 revolts in the last 50 years that thinks Dreca is badass
Dwyr: lawful nerdy wizard rulers
Rocnas: Isolationist farmers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's like real life geography, you learn about it but don't care enough about the other parts except where you're from xD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeaaah I’m not really gonna use the mechanic
Bill: Yeah, like, this world guide is dry I'm sure.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s interesting hearing about culture like the dresses thing or sign language thing but most of this I’m not ever gonna use
Bill: I can't work with Callora as "Vague blob of unnamed kingdoms" though so I have to do the change.
Bill: Yeah that stuff gets fleshed out over time.
Bill: I just need to give a vague idea of the identity of each group.
Bill: Callora is old, Torshan is revolutionary, Dwyr is ~~vulcans~~ logical, Rocnas is isolationist.
Bill: Cause those personalities will play into Calloran politics.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~I don’t personally really care for Callorian politics~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Callora the kingdom didn’t have to be a vague blob, it could have a culture of just states
Bill: Said political things will be presented forward as quests with clear goals and things explained, not vague things you have to check the rule book for but.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Okaaaay
Bill: No "Okaaaay" if you don't like it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I said I don’t like it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t wanna use it, and by extension Afina wouldn’t use it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which is bad cause she’s currently the only Callorian player
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But if you want it, you’re the boss
Bill: I'm not trying to set myself up to fail.
N🆗ri (Marisa): am reading now and typing questions as i read, if u see me typin. i'll post it when i'm mostly done
N🆗ri (Marisa): they aren't necessarily criticisms just honest questions
Bill: criticism is fine.
Bill: ```Missions taking place in the various sects of Callora for diplomatic purposes. Includes espionage, diplomatic representation, conflict resolution, scheming, duels. King Afrin is the NPC lead, he and his council are making every attempt they can to root out the dissention in Callora as a whole and reunite the city states.```

That's the rough for the Calloran side of quests. That's not really in your interest area Georgia? I thought the group was good with political situations.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Don’t really care for civil wars
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Fighting between kingdoms was more appealing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And that’s already going on plot wise
Bill: Problem is with that is there’s not a lot to run on other than “fight Dreca”. Wynne and Callora are already allies, Theanovene is dead neutral, and Eraia has a stick too far up their ass to do anything with anyone else.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Then... fight Dreca?
Bill: Which is still viable alone, it’s the other side to my drafting. But that’s going to be lots of combat.
Bill: Not much else.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Espionage, possibly?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Would be cool to see Nokri play a big role
Bill: Some. Hard to do in the early campaign, and can’t over do it.
Bill: I don’t get the feeling a war game is what people want either.
Bill: I could be wrong tho.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Could make some stuff between Callora and Wynne
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Aldus could get a little spotlight
Bill: Wynnes involved in the Callora politics. Probably literally Aldus’s dad pushing The League into attacking Dreca.
N🆗ri (Marisa): if the torshan royal family has been ruling for 3 generations how long does each monarch rule for? people used to reign for an average of 25-30 years so if it's such a tumultuous country how have one family remained in power for ~90 years?
why girls counted as adults later than boys in callora?
it sounds like dwyr is the most traditionally run royal family yet they're the most socially progressive?
what's the reasoning behind cats and tigers being treated differently? housecats are one of the most dangerous predators in the world and were just domesticated. are cat laguz considered "domesticated" in some way and inferior?
i like the fiberous plants = big outfits that's not a question just a neato burrito
 
these city-states are all relatively close to each other geographically? if so it's a bit odd that they're all so radically different from each other unless they were previously secluded from one another ~~you kind of answered this with rocnas's mountains i just went back and noticed~~

torshan sounds like it should have big flashy outfits too, it sounds very materialistic and egocentric

sounds like the only thing preventing rocnas from being overtaken by another country is the league and their border of mountains/ocean. if they're big on isolationism, they probably wouldn't import as much and would be exporting more? like fish?

so the civil war would come from the league's differing opinions of other countries?
Bill: Will reply when I get on ferry.
Bill: Good questions.
Bill: Of note Laera is Dwyr and they’re the most normal group. The goal of the unite stuff thing is basically get everyone to listen to Dwyr.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So he goal of the new questline would be to absorb the other three into Dwyr?
Bill: 1. I picked time frames from a hat in Torshan. That can be adjusted to something more believable to the impression you are getting, which is the way to read them. 

2. Girls later than boys cause weird culture. 

3. Dwyr are the normal country, and rather than traditional mid evil they’re more modern. They make decisions for the good of people, though they tend to lean what sounds good on paper. TLDR good guys

4. Tigers are big, cats are small. Tigers can pull heavy things with tiger muscles. Cats cannot. 

5. Callora has always been different states with an alliance over top. They were just never defined before. They were always different, like Hylley and Laera are.
Bill: 6. Torshan is basically that mining town from Mononoke. Lots going on, not rich, but enthusiastic. 

7. Rocnas provides most of the food to the Alliance at the moment. They do more export than import in that sense. And yes, they don’t get it but if the Alliance crumbles nothing really keeps them isolated from Dwyr/whoever conquers Dwyr. 

8. Dreca is sparking the civil war of sorts. It’s not going to come to a war for the time being though, the groups would split their land and become separate nations. Which makes them weaker to all the nasty big nations that want to crush them.
Bill: New story is two fold. King Afrin wants to keep Callora together, because Callora is strong together and the other political parties have forgotten that. So he’ll send the group to either prevent the other groups from doing espionage, to do espionage, or to talk to nobles and convince them they’re dumb (probably through sub quests and duels).

The other half is missions against the advancing Dreca to keep them from invading Callora before they can be reunited to fight back.
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Bill: Other avenues of the war effort stuff is Eraia, and if you can attempt to get them on your side. I don’t know if that’s possible yet, they’re a wild card in who they’ll ally with if anyone.
N🆗ri (Marisa): thank for answers
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Eh I agree I think the differences are rather extreme for the geography
Bill: Callora IS bigger than Eraia...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I also don’t really care for such an Afina-centric storyline
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah but those are differences that would be kinda crazy to unite under one alliance
Bill: Neither do I tbh. However Laera is the easiest way to get the group involved in  international affairs.
Bill: Especially one one side.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Afina got too much stage time last arc, it’s someone else’s turn
Bill: I agree.
Bill: Afina's father is going to be the quest giver here, as a representative of the Laera nation. He's not asking Afina, he's asking her group of misfits.
Bill: I mean friends.
Bill: Like, everyone in the party can't work for Eraia, Eraia would kill Nokri, ransom Afina, and ignore Aldus.
Bill: Theoretically there could be an avenue about 'saving the leggos' independently, but I'm really sick of leggo plots.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean Callora is neutral
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Maybe Aldus’ dad is at the party as a Wynne diplomat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess Dreca isn’t neutral enough otherwise nokris commander she deserted could be there
Bill: Callora is undecided and always has been. Theanovene is neutral. 

He most certainly is. And one of the dealings that'll need to happen is getting him to stop warmongering members of the League Council into fighting.
Bill: Aldus's father gives us a angle to Wynne, and personal conflicts for Aldus. Elfreide (probably?) wants to iron things out with Afina, and he could easily have orders to spy on the precedings in Laera, putting him on the spot to betray Afina/squad *again* or betray his home. Nokri, when Dreca advances, is suddenly going to very much stand out and King Afina isn't going to want her going anywhere.
Bill: And Afina is finally getting trusted with something by Daddy.
N🆗ri (Marisa): King Afina™
Bill: So everyone should have their own stake in the king's request, and the goal will quickly shift to 'ending the war' because both routes exist to end the war.
Bill: The party will decide who Callora supports in the war when it goes World War ™ by their actions, and also serve as trusted agents to handle missions that can't be handled by normal trouble against Dreca.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I think this story can absolutely make sense for the nobles however I think the other will need to be written into it another way
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like aldus is in the area.for an entirely different reason
Bill: Yes, but Jess needs to decide that.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And maybe Eric's character is highered or something
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Unsure of his backstory
Bill: Oh good though for Erik.
Bill: me too, and when he shares more I can help.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Cannot untrain brain to write k intead of c
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ahh
Bill: Once Aldus is in the party, I think seeing his Dad and getting a chance to stick it to him (from what I remember of Aldus's backstory) will be a sweet goal to strive for.
Bill: Aldus hate the guy.
Bill: Nokri on the other hand is probably there to brown nose Afina more, and when the messenger comes with "Dreca advancing on the border" she is suddenly not a guest but a prisoner. 

Then all the king has to do is say 'we give you X money if you give us info and work for us' and Nokri will HAPPILY oblige.
Bill: ~~finally, someone who can deal with Nokri~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): nokri could be there for a bunch of reasons, working in a random kitchen or yeah trying to schmooze up to someone
i was thinkin' of pulling a maquia with her hair
Bill: Yeah I'm not worried about Nokri. If we're working with nobles she is *easily* motivated.
Bill: The problem before was she was trying to pull an ed edd and eddy scam on poor people.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The plot seems interesting
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's the poor's fault for not being more cautious <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ll try to keep it as not Afina-centric as possible
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But the world building needs some fine tuning
Bill: As will I.
Bill: With the political splits... Callora is twice the size of Eraia. There's going to be variety in the kingdoms. Hell, it's entirely across the continent ~~which was a mistake in the original design and I hate it~~.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Eh. But even real different countries aren’t that different
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like Germany and England still have a lot of overlap
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think the difference left are too drastic
Bill: Also keep in mind the Alliance was formed a long time ago. The countries bound together in a time of crisis, when Eraia was going to steamroll over them with a huge army. The alliance was left over from preventing that, and the council existed ever since.
Bill: Which differences?
Bill: Not arguing them existing, just looking to see from your perspective.
N🆗ri (Marisa): o if the alliance is old then there'd be less differences between countries ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ^^^
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If they were that different they should’ve split by now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like long ago
Bill: They never had a pressure against them to encourage it. They aren't like, really tight knit. They're mostly independent rather then the US.
Bill: /then/then like
N🆗ri (Marisa): how many days would it take to walk from one capital city to the nearest capital city?
Bill: sssssh we don't talk about the map scale
N🆗ri (Marisa): oo no is not for map purposes, is for country difference purposes
Bill: I understand but that's still scale between the places.
N🆗ri (Marisa): so like, callora is the main country and the rest are city-states with alliances with callora?
Bill: They're all equal parts to the Alliance.
Bill: They signed a treaty of sorts which says 'if one of us gets attacked, the others will attack that guy'.
N🆗ri (Marisa): but they're all different countries? this is like the UN?
Bill: That guy was basically like Eraia.
Bill: YeeeeAAAAhhhh?
N🆗ri (Marisa): ooo oki
Bill: That might be a better comparison.
Bill: The treat isn't to govern their own countries, it's to govern international interactions with the other, bigger nations that want to eat Callora up. 

Again, Eriaa.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Even with the UN comparison they’re still REALLY different
Bill: I need you to tell me in what way. I'm not seeing it from your view point so I'm not understanding.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like an example would be the attitude towards women
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk why that’s my first bone to pick but it’s also frankly not imaginative
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But besides the point, you see in somewhere like Europe across the board the attitude is the same
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s no difference til you hop the border into the Middle East or east
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): These city states in Callora are too different to have reasonably been an alliance this whole time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean it’d make sense to be like oh you know those workaholic [city state I’ve already forgotten the name of]
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Or yeah I’m working like a Dwyn today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But realistically speaking no city state would ally against another one so different
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What are you going for, like an Ancient Greece attitude here?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Athens and Sparta were different as hell but still more similar than some of these city states
Bill: I think you're justified to throw stones at it, it's not something that's particular fun.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The common threads between them have to be more than just “oh yeah we’re small so we just handed together”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Otherwise they would’ve just become independent kingdoms with military alliances
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There has to be more commonality for them to all fall under the same kingdom
Bill: That's more what they are though. Military assets are the primary reason for the alliance in the first place.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Sooo you’re really trying to un-make Callora
Bill: No, Callora has always been that way. Callora was never actually detailed.
Bill: I'd *unmake* Callora in a heartbeat tbh, but it's way more work than it's worth.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): No realistic set of nations becomes a kingdom through military alliance alone is what I’m saying
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It doesn’t make sense, their citizens would clash too much
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They shouldn’t sound like straight up different kingdoms, which they do
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Otherwise the alliance would’ve collapsed a few years after the military threat ends
Bill: Callora is a problem because it's been incredibly vague for the entire game. It can't get involved in the war cause who are the leaders? It's run by a council, what are the council members like? Every political body has parties, what are they? What are they in agreement disagreement on,? What assets does each kingdom have? Are there any key kingdoms to work with?
Bill: That's why I *need* definitions around it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You wrote a whole blurb about Callora when it started
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And if it was meant to be mini kingdoms then write a few loose ones in
Bill: That blurb said 'everything about this nation is defined by the mini kingdom itself'.
Bill: So they were entirely independent back then too.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This is the kingdom of Asdfg and it’s leader king shfhsksk and they are known for exports of ehdhskso and fbsjdjf
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah but the geography meant they couldn’t be as weirdly different as these city state thing whatever are
Bill: http://www.aurii.us/aurii_library/world-guide.html#nation-2-callora like, if you read this it's literally 100% bullshit.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Listen man I’m just sayin I don’t care for the mechanic which means your current only ~~Callorian~~ ~~Dwynian?~~ player home to that region isn’t gonna drive the use of it in gameplay
Bill: Particularly in the culture and ruling class areas, which are important to actually playing the game in that country.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The ruling class could just be a council of kings, one from each nation
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Certain nations carry more weight maybe
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But right now it’s kingdom Callora, in city state? Nation? Of dwyn, in... state of laera
Bill: It is lol, these are the certain nations that carry more weight.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like how much can ya segment it
Bill: The end goal is to turn Callora the X different kingdoms into Callora the four sub nations.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): W h a t
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It sounded like the goal was to get the four sub nations to be one kingdom
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I am confusion
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also you keep dodging the map scale and the timeline of things but like... yo that’s important
Bill: That's for the gameplay. This is the meta standpoint. So. As a GM, I can't use Callora because it's too vague and nebulus to write stories for. I also don't have the creative ability to write enough small nations to fill out all of the territory I gave Callora originally. So, I'm using their general political view as a way to group them. Callora/Dwyr/Torshan/Rocnas are basically me bundling a handful of kingdoms together so I can give them a general definition, what makes them quirky, and a plot hook or two.
Bill: The story I'm now telling with these groupings is that Dreca scares the Council into make decisions. One group wants to ask Eraia for help, one wants to ally with Dreca, one wants to hide and pretend it'll go away, and the last one are the guys who want to keep everyone working together.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Right and I don’t like the bundling
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I can live with it for plot sake
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But the differences between two mini kingdoms, which very well share borders, are really drastic
Bill: (Update to description to include the treaty talk before, and dropping the backwards on women thing. I was going for historical tropes but I don't have any particular love for it nor did I want to use it for any actual plot, and it seems bothersome. Should be fun to rp in the world)
Aldus Larian (Jess): oof i have alot of catching up to do
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You can convey the thing in the second paragraph without making the nations so alien to each other
Bill: Please and thank Jess, I know it alot.
Aldus Larian (Jess): cant right now though, doing side work
Bill: Ah.
Bill: Kk.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like the kingdom of Callora can have the nations of [four things I cant learn the names yet] with the states of Laera and Hylley and whatever
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And those nations can have different political views
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But their CULTURAL views are so different that there’s no reason any citizen of dwyn would want to be in an alliance with a citizen of another one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So like why is Callora still together in the first place
Bill: The idea is that neighboring kingdoms all kinda grouped up under one banner. 

*Which* cultural differences though?
Bill: The women one is pretty much the only big one. Laguz sort of counts, but everyone treats Laguz like crap so it's kinda... what are you going to do.
Bill: And I just dropped women one cause it's not fun.
Bill: LIke, the fact that one nation likes poofy clothes?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like the treatment of elders for one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s usually across the board
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The things that really cause differences should come from geography
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So climate, vegetation, geographic location make sense
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dwyr making sign language cause mages make sense, but then why hasn’t that trickled out?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): People’s hobbies being based on geography, like rock climbing, ok that’s good
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And different diets, that makes sense
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like every difference should be a consequence of geography for the most part
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Some of these differences feel like you spun a wheel and it landed on something and it was like ok cool that nation gets that
Bill: @ sign language. It might have. The cultural things aren't exclusive to those areas, it's where those habits came from. 

@ elders did evolve from the area. Since Rocnas is mostly farmland, it common for parents to pass down the lands to their kids. Rather than maintain a land in their old age, especially close to the mountains as they are, they instead stay with their children. Because of that and the open space from farmland, the houses are larger out there.
Bill: Some things are entirely cultural, or formed from tradition though.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Then I guess you need to be specific about the things all Callorians share
Bill: The horse riding one, there are horses, Cavalry training is big in the nation, so it became important there but not in the other areas cause no horseys.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This is also, by the way, confusing, having a kingdom of Callora to describe the alliance as well as the nation
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like New York, New York
Bill: YEAAAAAH I need more names.
Bill: That I can do.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But anyways then maybe make some things that all Callorians share
Bill: I'll leave Callora as the alliance name and then create a subset.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like what are the threads that tie the nations together?
Bill: So just to be clear, everything between the Culture header and Callora are things in every country.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Military for one, but at the common level people should have some semblance of “Callorian” identit
Bill: ```Children are recognized as adults at 14 for boys and 16 for girls. The League has various schools in it’s different regions, and plenty of children attend them in hopes of finding a role outside farming or serving. The League has a large schooling culture, even compared to the Church of Lylalel (which is more indoctrination than schooling) and encourages study.

A married woman is always to be introduced before her husband is, and an unmarried woman is always introduced after the men in the conversation.

“Crusader” is an insult in the League; referring to someone pushy, foolish, or rude.

Discussing a like for Eraia or Dreca can be a hot button depending on the region.

Laguz are treated somewhat differently in every region. Callora treats them as second hand citizens, and at this point wonders why any of them are left in the city-state after giving them the Kissaelain Territories. Torshan considers Tigers to be powerful allies, and cats useless. Cats are kicked around and often abused, while Tigers are given jobs to make use of their powerful alternate form. Dwyr is largely tolerant but is not particularly supportive of laguz issues. Rocnas considers laguz to be better than humans, and good luck. Laguz can find good work on a Rocnas farm, where life will be simple but they will be respected.```
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wait lemme scroll back
Bill: oof long.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Eh that’s not much in common
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s five bullet points
Bill: I can expand on the common section (hopefully).
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Please do
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cause theanovene could easing have the same bullet points
Bill: Fair.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): this conversation got very long... was gonna try to catch up but oof xD
Bill: I just hate writing these 😂
Bill: Georgia being good and opinionated. 👍
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): TL;DR is you wanna make the nations but there needs to be more of a Callorian identity, not just the subsections
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): International relations classes have served me well lmao
Bill: Yup, I can expand on the calloran identity some more. Looking at Theanovene the section for Callora really is still shit.
N🆗ri (Marisa): tryna dig up my old polisci powerpoints lol
are we forcing too much realism on a fantasy setting, or is it better in the long run that we work out any kinks now to avoid potential problems
Bill: Also will rename the callora sub region.
Bill: I wasn't sure if Georgia was coming from a place of too much realism for a while there, but I see her points now.
Bill: the subsections have their quirks, but the meat of their details should be in common and shared.
Bill: and I didn't do much in the common section.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m more comfortable playing in a realm that makes sense, doesn’t necessarily have to be realistic
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It only makes sense that the nations have things in common or the alliance would’ve collapsed
Bill: there's plenty to be had in common that isn't worth noting too.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Well some things are worth mentioning
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Most kingdoms would probably act the same as countries
Bill: oh yeah, there are.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Similar stances on education (you noted), marriage, attitudes towards children, values (democracy, freedom of speech, etc)
Bill: I'm just saying like... if it's not mentioned, it's probably just whatever feels normal.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Teamwork or democracy would prob be a thing, as the nations are in alliance
Bill: Like marriage would be as normal for us.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah it’s still worth mentioning tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cause eraia says it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You gotta clarify to make the nation more cohesive
Bill: Eraia is mentioned because they'll *force* you into marriage if you wait too long.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ya even if it’s normal just say tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You could give it a small spin too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like most Callorian marriages are for love and tend to be small
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Or something
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok so i stopped reading the breakdown of each about halfway. It seems like alot of unessesary detail? Im out of touch with the aurii counties rj so this just kinda adds more confusion. Pretty much agree with everythimg georgia said, esspecially on the woman thing. What if instead of king afina hosting the party it was another nobel? What is the purpose of the party. Im more interested in story than background and i cant really see any of us usimg all these small details but maybe
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The original thing (I think) was that Laera has a festival of knowledge every year or whatever
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So the party is for that purpose, with diplomats coming to visit and share in the celebrations
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think the party was supposed to be a fundraising effort for good causes <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: This party is basically King Afrin trying to get all the leaders in Callora to play nice. ~~it doesn't work~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Does it have to be him though? Like georgia said she wasnt feeling the afina centric story, it would be a good way for it to not start if as "an afina story"
Bill: Will get back to this after dinner.
