Bill: <@!351785752197201920> did you have any head canons about Eraia? I started hacking at the world guide this morning to basically rewrite Callora/update the various nations and if there's anything you thought of I'd consider adding.
Bill: also opinions everyone, is 'they're normal' a valid description of a nation.
Bill: Like.
Bill: Callora is just not *unique*.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Well we already know sectors of Eraias government are hella corrupted but that's nothing new, but there are good people among them. 
Hmm idk I think we went over everything
Bill: can think about it. Starting with Callora and it's splits, Torshan, Dwyr, and Rocnas.
Bill: Oops Callora is now getting “least women’s rights” as a trait.
Bill: In particular “women should be married when they come of age”. As opposed to Eraia’s EVERYONE MUST MARRY AND MAKE CHILDREN FOR LYLALEL.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEET
Bill: Oh huh. If and when Aurii ever gets played again... timeskip probably puts Elfie into “church found you a partner” age.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oooooh Afrin isn’t gonna like thaaaat
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woop
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Conflict!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also why is Callora getting least women’s rights as a nation if it’s not cohesive other than the mini nations
Bill: So... Callora has referred to three things. Kingdom, the Alliance, the fourth of the Alliance that contains Callora post the break up of the Alliance.
Bill: Technically that tradition should exist in some level in every fourth of the old Alliance, but I’m having Callora (the fourth) represent it most post division.
Bill: I guess. Still working on it.
Bill: 
Bill: Also, Laera is located in Dwyr, which is going to be a different country from Callora. Common roots, different idealogies (which cause the split).
Bill: Cause technically all flavor for each of the four should have existed before the split, just more restrained to the country itself rather than the Alliance.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ohhhh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess
Bill: Yeah, that'll make sense. When the unnamed number of countries in the alliance expand to four main nations, some traits became nation wide and some were lost in the merging of cultures more formally than the Alliance (which was basically they're entirely independent).
Bill: Which means Laera, being in a Dwyr, could have none of that prejudice as the country the prejudice sourced from was absorbed by Callora, not Laera.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s just like y tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tbh I don’t need more nations to keep track of
Bill: Cause Callora is completely useless from a story writing perspective, as it's literally a pile of bullshit?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And the United States vibe from Callora earlier was kewl
Bill: I was never going to write the 18 something nations in Callora, no one wrote lords to play... So this is a way to give Callora's area to nations with identites and personality.
Bill: Before the political axis was very straight forward, everyone V Dreca and that's... not good for political intrigue. I needed more layers to work with to make for conflict that's not World War but still valuable on a national scale.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It wasn’t all v dreca tho
Bill: anyway Aurii is pretty much dead so consider it me kicking a dead horse.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh god when did the map get so confusing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It also isn’t tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Isn’t dead
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It is a confusing map
Bill: I did try and get going and it fell flat... I've long said I won't hound people to play the game, I don't like feeling like I have to force people to do something with/for me.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tom and I have already written timeskip segments for elfriede and Afina
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Marisa is still drawing nokri fanart
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It would do some good to help Jess rework Aldus like she wanted, and help Erik and Leanna with finishing character creation
Bill: I've offered that many, many times...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Being too hands off, when people are struggling with that part, kills the game
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Eh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You go “here’s these things I wrote on the website”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You don’t really give concrete ideas or suggestions...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It took me like two months to get ONE feat for Afina
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Sorry just being honest
Bill: I can't write people's characters for them... I have said 'tell me about your character' and 'ask me questions about the world'. If you tell me about your character, I can translate all your ideas into game terms and help you brainstorm. If you ask me about the world, I can give you existing or new game lore to support your ideas and make your character happen. I can't just suggest 'do this and this and this'. It's not their character anymore.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah but just directing people to the website for stuff makes it confusing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s a lot of text and some people don’t get stuff that way
Bill: Alternatives being... talking about it, which I offered for the whole office hour gig, chatting about it, which is the above block...
Bill: I'd draw a comic but I'm pretty bad at art. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk fam I think the hands off approach ain’t workin
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Plus it can be a lot of writing for people who just wanna role play at the end of the day
Bill: Hands on is at worst making me feel like the only reason anyone is doing it is because it's less work than listening to me complain. I hate that feeling, outside of the game too. I don't like one sided enthusiasm like that, cause it makes me feel like people don't care about what what I do or even me.
Bill: I'm not saying it to be stick in the mud, I put that restriction on *myself* so I don't have to get hurt with a game I entirely wrote.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But people would tell you if they didn’t wanna play
Bill: I can be very annoying.
Bill: People also don't like confrontation.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i want to play but whenever i try to do the "housekeeping" aspect i just lose all motivation. I just wanna roll play. I think actually beginning to play again would help me write his character changes later.
Bill: There's nothing wrong with wanting to play and I'm still more than willing to do whatever to get the game going. Just can't start with only Nokri and Afina. It barely worked with Afina and Elfriede.
Bill: That's a thought Jess.
Bill: I just dunno how that'd work so far as if you need to roll.
Bill: Honestly, you can just copy paste aspects from the first sheet, and his approaches... There's almost nothing to change sheet wise.
Bill: It's just deciding if Aldus is the same good boi, or if anything has shifted about him in a time skip.
Aldus Larian (Jess): where did canon end anyway?
Bill: Leaving Trisp.
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz we ended up with those pirates and then dropped the game so was that canon or
Bill: skip the pirates.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sorry I haven't really put a lot of time into finishing my character :/ I would still love to play so I hope it doesn't die
Bill: No need to apologize.
Bill: I said why I don't ask about it. I'm just uncomfortable forcing things cause I hate feeling like me being pushy is the only reason people do stuff with me.
N🆗ri (Marisa): If we start something simple and silly first to get back into the groove of things I think that would help and also iron out any kinks, then we can jump into plot stuff
Bill: Aurii-chibi exists.
N🆗ri (Marisa): But that’s too silly
Bill: Could start there.
Bill: It can be any level of silly, doesn't have to be slap stick.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Toms beginning with writing the letter was good
Bill: Chibi just means a short scene, not a connected story.
Aldus Larian (Jess): are we still starting at this party thing?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I could drop Afinas scene in and she could send a letter to nokri who notifies aldus
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh yeah or we could just into the fray with the party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which would help everyone pick up their character pretty quick
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cause there would be a lot of stimuli to respond to
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont even know if nokri and aldus would have been in contact.
Aldus Larian (Jess): or why either or them would be invited to a high society part based on the the less than 1 day they even knew afina
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The scene I wrote for Afina but never dropped in was her mentor handing her a list of names and addresses saying that the party needed to have an international representation in these tough times
Aldus Larian (Jess): our characters are still strangers. we have headcanons and *we* all know each other but they dont
Bill: I wasn't sure about the party in recent thoughts, partly cause I'm adding lore and that will make more complications.
N🆗ri (Marisa): nokri probably wouldn't keep in touch with aldus of her own accord but at a princess's request would try to find him
N🆗ri (Marisa): what if just "free party eyyy"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Afina believes that nokri is friend material
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Even if she was actually being a kiss up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Afina could’ve misread the situation and thought Aldus and nokri were companions
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like “oh bring your Wynne friend too”
N🆗ri (Marisa): nokri: "do i.... do i know someone named wynne...?"
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think knowing what the starting point is going to be would help me. i think there's just a lack of source materiel for me to pick ideas from so i just fall flat
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i have a rough idea but its like trying to write a fanfic for a show ive seen like 3 episodes of and has like no wiki
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So start at the party definitely
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cause that has the most direction
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The lead up to that could just be suspension of belief??
Bill: In media Res.
Bill: You start the 'show' before explaining how you got to that scene.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but biru sais we might no start with the party now
Aldus Larian (Jess): media res?
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye but the writers usually know what the scene is when they're writing it
Bill: You know the scene. you can come up with prior scenes later.
Bill: Improv!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So we are starting at the party scene?
Aldus Larian (Jess): im not an impov actor, lol i dont know these words
Bill: I need a bit of a plan... I was scrapping the mist for something a little more straight forward in my head.
Bill: It loses the 'everything grey' mentality I had originally, but like. Eh. Dreca *is* the primary antagonist, even if they have their reasons.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): At party >> thing happens >> adventure
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): An undercover dreca operative trying to force ~~callora~~ whatever nation that is now’s hand
Bill: *So Nokri*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A laguz revolt attacks?? That’s not great tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I dropped a nugget that Mr Afrin was more corrupt than people thought
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Someone could try to assassin him
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _at the party_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lots of potential
Bill: Nah. Mr Afrin I like as a do gooder who just can't make himself heard.
Bill: I have some ideas to kick around. I need to figure out work thing, but after I can give myself enough of an outline to run with.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He ain’t spending Laeran money right tho dabs
Bill: Not following.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mr Afrin
Bill: 'spending money right?'
Aldus Larian (Jess): I dont know if "not spending the money correctly" is rights for death. I mean i guess to some people it would be but
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean you could assassinate anyone for any reason
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh yeah I had that storyline where his second in command was jealous of his notoriety
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Anything could go wrong at this party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Afina could’ve been Rika all along
Aldus Larian (Jess): dont confuse me like that, Aurri had a Rika too XD
Bill: ~~there's a bomb in the party~~
Bill: *Rica
Bill: iirc.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s a possibility too!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Blows up Afinas bedroom, oh no owo now Afina needs share a bed owo
Bill: ~~we are not rping Mystic Messenger~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): no its not XD they fought each other
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): /sleeps in nokris bed
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh i thought u mean Afina being RiCa
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm switching characters
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'mma play Yuria now
Bill: *NO you can't*
Bill: *I wanna play Yuria*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Why not, I made her
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:pew:543202259085950996> <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: *She mine now bitch*
Aldus Larian (Jess): shes toms OC tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean if he really wants to play her he has the right id say?
Bill: He conceptualized and I wrote in all the stuff for her. Character sheet, history, other character connections...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Can I play what’s his name from the military station
Bill: Ransford?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _Ransford_
Bill: (I'm pretty sure you trolling but if that's a serious thing Tom we'll actually talk about it)
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i think ive got some major lack of inspiration problems going on
Bill: For what?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aurrii writing
Bill: To write for him? To edit his character?
Aldus Larian (Jess): the whole thing
Aldus Larian (Jess): just writing for the game in general
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nobody:

Tom: <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971> Yuria is Bi and sexually active and Elfriede is a virgin. <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
