Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I wanted to watch the World of Remnant episode about the Faunus... and for whatever reason it's not on YouTube or Rooster Teeth's website. But it was on VRV... 🤔
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Wierdddd
Elfriede Faun (Tom): This but aldus and nokri
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Pm any Saitama x Tatsumaki art actually
Aldus Larian (Jess): THATS THEM
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's season 2 of aurii right there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!184437198865563648> i knocked out one of the stunts now, is character sheet gucci?
Bill: You can have one more aspect if you wish

`DO I REALLY KNOW WHO ELFRIEDE FAUN IS?` is easier to compel than it is to get a bonus from. IE, it'll "hurt" (making things more complicated and dramatic for Afina) more than it'll give her bonuses on roles.
Bill: `EXTREME PREJUDICE AGAINST LAGUZ`'s perk is basically "I fight better against Leggos" and while that's fine, just know it's limited in scope for ways to be applied.
Bill: So long as your fine with the comments, and you aren't adding the aspect, it goo.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah afina is supposed to be a bit more nerf'ed from last round i think
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so the elfriede is more meant to be a hinderance
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean shes suffered some emotional blows so i think it makes sense that shes not working at full capacity
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and yeah the laguz thing definitely is most prominent in fights
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): itll still apply outside combat i think, she's prob gonna butt heads with chengu MAD HARD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im actually wondering how that aspect could be advantageous besides the fact that she can fight better against legos
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what would you recommend as a last aspect?
Bill: There is nothing wrong with an aspect that is more trouble than it's worth. Absolutely keep if you're comfortable with it, more compels means more fate points. I have no idea how else she can use Leggo perk as a perk tbh. Unless she wanted to make friends with like, the Aurii!KKK.
Bill: I'm not sure what I'd recommend rn, and gotta do some work today so I'd have to get back to that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aurii KKK now THATS an interesting one lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah Afina/Chengu interaction will be VERY interesting
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): cant wait to fite BOI
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): BRING IT
Aldus Larian (Jess): What if she fights worse *with* laguz <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: still a downside.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _why the lenny_
Bill: It has literally one upside.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so afinas thoroughly nerfed by her racism and complicated emotions
Aldus Larian (Jess): Y not
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so she prob needs a buff in some other aspect
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): o ya no one knows that she has the big scar from the lego fight
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _someone gotta see afinas nakey abdomen for plot purposes_
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *are fate points bad?*
Bill: Fate points are good!
Bill: You use them to invoke aspects.
Bill: IE, get bonuses from them.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so when an aspect is used against you, you get points to use an aspect in your favor later
Bill: Bingo.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so dual natured aspects are the most advantageous
Bill: Even more so in Fate than Wushu.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ideally youd also want a "team" to have diverse aspects so if one person becomes nerfed, someone else likely has a buff
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like in a combat scenario, afina hates blood but chengu prob is like THE HUNT IS AFOOT
Bill: Fate is a narrative system, you can't really minmax it.
Bill: Cause you can straight up bullshit to invoke an aspect. "That guy is wearing a fur coat and Afina thought he was a leggo, I want to invoke her aspect for hating leggos"
Bill: and I could consider that valid.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): is there anything storywise that happened that adds to the lore? because ngl im having a hard af time making a character sheet because im like "but.....what even...happens"
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh, lore?
Bill: There's plenty going on. Give me something to explain and I can go off. Like, do you have a particular image in mind for Kaio? Like, if you tell me 'I wanted him to be from a military school' I could tell you how to make that work and spitball from there.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): kind of a broad question, sorry xD
Bill: Nah, it entirely valid.
Bill: This is just my method for filtering to relevant info cause I already have carpal tunnel.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): is there any like really dark things that happen in this universe? like any big bads? 

are slaves a thing? 

What is happening with the furries vs where toms character is from?
N🆗ri (Marisa): askin' the good stuff 👌
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So last season wasn't dark
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But this season we voted that it should be darker
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~lil bit at the end~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): (before you guys arrived)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I just saw the Terms section of the world guide and I thought of a better name for my Laguz Pride aspect
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ||Kissa My Ass||
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Wait...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ||Kissa My *Furry* Ass||
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _Better_
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): excellent
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what season is it gonna be again, spring?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _new outfits_
Bill: Currently Dreca is invading the mainland from their southern island. They've got a rather dominating military presence, and wyvern riders. They landed in the Kissealain territories, which was land given to the Cat and Tiget laguz ~~to get rid of them~~ and they quickly took over. Reports are not good from anyone whose come back from there, and rumors are the Drecians are forcing the laguz to help their war effort. 

Dreca is actively at war with Eraia, which is the ~~catholic~~ angry crusader church country. Eraia has a powerful military, but is at a stand still with Dreca (For now). 

Tom is from Eraia. Eraia is tolerant of Laguz, but they are unspokenly kind of lesser citizens. It's so ingrained in the culture it's not even active racism, it's just if you got four ears you aren't as good. They have so many other church customs and rules that the lesser leggos component falls into that.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I am excited to see have all the new blood interacts with the current characters
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _fresh meat_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so drecans take slaves?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): elsewhere theyre prob like indentured servants ~~which is just as bad~~
Bill: Reports are scattered at best.
Bill: Well, in game.
Bill: OOC knowledge: Ye, they got slave labor going on.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so....if i were to make kaio an overly confident wyvern stealing stowaway, but with laguz shame 👀
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): laguz shaaaaame
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~laguz already get shamed by living with afina oof~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~extreme laguz shame then~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): SUPER SHAM
Bill: That's... a unique combination of things.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean it makes sense, dreca is invading lego territyory
Bill: I am trying to wrap my way around a way it makes sense..
N🆗ri (Marisa): so you're saying by drecan standards nokri is being extremely nice to the legos
Aldus Larian (Jess): afian hasnt been racist to aldus yet
Aldus Larian (Jess): hes gonna be like <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i want afina to be friends with someone ahhhh SOMEONE SEE HER NAKED SO THEY LEARN SHES NOT JUST A JERK WITH NO REASON
Bill: Afina the stripper
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): hides his ears in his hair (which i might change to dreads because easier to hide big ol wabbit ears), looks down on other laguz
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afina be like "HUH THIS IS A MAN WORTH LOVING"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): laguz reveal part 2 electric boogaloo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but hes gotta have the personality of like....sokka LMAO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afina be like: everything i touch ~~dies~~ becomes furry
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMFAO
Bill: Dreca is invading the cat and tiger territories. Rabbit territories is the western island, and they've mostly stayed there. Eraia also controls that island, Eraia conquered them decades ago and is trying to indoctrinate the Rabbits into the glorious service of Lylalel. The rabbits have a, a, *rabb*ellion in the works, doing some underground sabotage  of Eraian facilities and trying to keep their way of life despite occupation.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you know, aldus wouldnt hide from you afina
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aldus is a TRUTHFUL MANS
Bill: The rabbit pirates Elfie and Afina fought actual raid ships to fund said rabbellion.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no ones hunting wabbits yet tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): eraia is swatting at them like fies
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i think thats it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): well kaio could escape the eraia controlled rabbit area to dreca, realize dreca is shitting on furries, steal a wyvern and high ~~tail~~ it outta there
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): kaio escapes wabbit territory because of some bad shit that happened to cause him to hate his own kind(?)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you can make whatever tragic backstory you want brotato
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the world is your oyster
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): THATS TOO MUCH POWER
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I FEEL LIKE GOD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A RABBIT COULD MURDER HIS F A M I L Y
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WHATEVER YOU WANT
Bill: ~~I am the god now~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://static1.fjcdn.com/comments/I+am+the+god+of+the+new+world++_c3b916e0a0a68acac308a288d6ce3174.jpg
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~did someone say boi with tragic backstory?~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg georgia XD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah aldus is tragic he got ousted by FUCKIN
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): boy tryna bust a nut and he gets EXCOMMUNICATED
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): elfie had strict parents but i dont think he was abused
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but thE FIRST GIRL HE TRIES TO DATE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): MMMM a rapey cardinal almost gets her and suddenly hes shunned for having a tail
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): harsh break up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): nokri is a gremlin we dont have a backstory for her
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): she just climbed out of a trash can desiring money and power
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): what an actual mood tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have ideas to make aldus even more tragic
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): aldus was also abused by his father for not being a good lego
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): is anyone in this group a _normally functioning lego goddammit_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Define "normally functioning"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): kaio is like a "dont ask dont tell" lego
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): elfie is like a "dont tell at all and dont even fuk ur gf because youre hiding a tail"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aldus cant even beCOME a wolfie boi
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _is chengu normal_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Chengu is "I'm a fucking tiger and if you got a problem with that thou can fuck off"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Actually more like "if you got a problem, fight me"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): FINALLY A NORMAL LEGO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah afina hasnt had time to really clash with her racism
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no ones challenged her on it yet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hopefully this season afina reaches the breaking point where its like "ok not all furries are bad"
N🆗ri (Marisa): tragedy!!! tragedy yeah!!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hoping theres some way she can open up and explain why shes such a jerk to laguz
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): or someone accidentally peeps the scar she has owo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i still have my "pre-storyline" blurb too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like the one tom wrote
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what should i be doing with that
Bill: So what the primary goal here Leanna?
Bill: Wyvern riding bun?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Secret crouching tiger hidden backstory:
Afina and nokri are Legos too
Bill: Bunch a furries you lot.
N🆗ri (Marisa): no u
Aldus Larian (Jess): you put them in the game
Bill: ~~They exist doesn't mean I chose to play one~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Humans dont exist actually
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's a lie
Bill: ~~I'm going to have to crank up racism again so that the human characters have a perk over the laguz with transformation~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _but fina its just a bun_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): They are actually just the recessive gene lego
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Me tryin to get my characters killed in every game I play
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm an awful player
Bill: ~~nah boi your character suffering is fun~~
Bill: ~~You should see the shit Sona has been through~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): Biru can I put that racism quote in out of context
N🆗ri (Marisa): Or is it too risqué
Bill: Nah, I'd rather you didn't. Never know who can get offended in BNE.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Iade my dwarf paladin for DND and then made a back up character for when he dies and made him reckless
Aldus Larian (Jess): what does aldus get then?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Elfie sees 14 enemies in a circle on the other side of the ship and ywets himself in the middle for the luls
Aldus Larian (Jess): he cant trransform
Bill: ~~a plot point about not being able to transform~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tru... why did elfie even do that
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Humans in most RPGs get some form of mastery
Bill: That was your character choice, so...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): prob cause there were girls watching
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): How old is everyone's characters?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): GOTTA SHOW OFF
Aldus Larian (Jess): o neat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afina is 22 tho her birthday is spring and its spring so
Elfriede Faun (Tom): *Elfriede carries 5 chairs after bible study cuz arina is watching*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aldus gets Man Pain :TM:
Aldus Larian (Jess): uhh 23 i think
N🆗ri (Marisa): nokri was 25 i think i bumped her to 26
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): nokri old lady hue
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah that was the idea and then i realized "i'm almost 25 oh no" so i aged her up to escape my mortality
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Elfriede is 23 .. wanna know why.... Cuz I was 23 when i made him.. I'm now 25 ... Ahhhhh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i dont know what it is like to exist at 22 im extrapolating
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Or maybe he was 22
Bill: ~~Aurii as a server isn't 2 years old~
N🆗ri (Marisa): so old
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think u were 24 hun
Aldus Larian (Jess): you had just turned 24
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://fm.cnbc.com/applications/cnbc.com/resources/img/editorial/2013/06/25/100843172-Untitled-1.530x298.jpg?v=1372188700
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): me right now
N🆗ri (Marisa): georgia i appreciate that you're looking out for our safety but also <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): omg i need my rude emoji
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok so basically everyone also put equal or similar to their actual age. Got it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~I was planning on doing the same~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~getting life alert?~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): REMEMBER WHEN WE HAD A MULTIPLE HOUR LONG CONVERSATION ABOUT AURII BIRTH CONTROL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _papayas_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It doesn't need to be 23 if I made Elfriede around my birthday
N🆗ri (Marisa): https://epicmafia.com/uploads/emotes/16606_original.gif
Elfriede Faun (Tom): IMG PAPAYAS YEAH
Elfriede Faun (Tom): OMG
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i think kaoi is gonna be like 28, looks younger and acts younger though
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): youve heard of the pull and pray, here in aurii we do pull and papayas
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): are traits like... not allowed to have drawbacks
Bill: ?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): well i think the last aspect is the one pertaining to her quest to become "truly learned"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which has made her have a lot of skills and knowledge because shes trying to learn as much as she can to impress her papa
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but idk how that has drawbacls
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _how does learning things have drawbacks_
N🆗ri (Marisa): would she ever mix up similar facts? like similar-sounding place names, or "the steps are a-b-c" when really that's for another process and it should be "x-y-z"?
N🆗ri (Marisa): or over-applying specific knowledge? like "you're supposed to wash this and then boil it!" but that's only for a specific kind of squash and not all vegetables sort of thing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i was thinking maybe the only drawback is that she would agree to do things as a learning experience
N🆗ri (Marisa): parkour for knowledge
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so if a farmer is like "hey you wanna do ALL MY WORK for me" she would be like "o ya thats a good learning opportunity"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and then people would walk all over her
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): or maybe shes too objective and sees EVERYTHING as a learning experience
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and people get annoyed like "afina you dont have to learn from everything"
Bill: that feels ooc for her.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Or people think she's a know-it-all
Bill: I don't think that's going to work too well.
N🆗ri (Marisa): deciding between beef or chicken is one of the most enlightening experiences of all time
N🆗ri (Marisa): it does feel a little out of character since she's a strong independent woman
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean its an important aspect
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats like "afinas struggle"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): shes tryna become learned enough to take the throne
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): should the events of last season made her shift her goal?
N🆗ri (Marisa): taking the throne is a learning experience thus she should yolo it and stage a coup
Bill: It can be her important goal without being an aspect. An aspect should have clear ways to invoke/compel.
Bill: Do what Erik did and make sample invokes/compels if you want. It's a good exercise.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): define simple
Bill: I didn't say simple?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): O SAMPLE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my eyes are good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh so I started thinking of Chengu's tragic backstory. Still have to work out more details but get ready for feels 🙃
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WOO FEELS
Bill: ~~don't write his whole character in the backstory, you can have tragic things to plan during the story as well~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean i have that shes a light mage, that she has an important role as princess, part of her personality, and a way to tie her to a group and individials
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i guess i need more aspects to her personality
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I mean I dunno how much I plan on writing but I have this general sense of how his character is in the present and I'm trying to figure out how he got to be there
Bill: 👌
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hmmm maybe afina has ego problems
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): in a nation where its important to be competitively smart that would make sense
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): not to mention Entitled Pincess™
Bill: *maybe*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): she had that problem last season with fighting with kailyn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but after that she only really travelled with elfriede so there werent many opportunities for her ego to act up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): though she had the "HOW DARE THEY" moment with the rabbits
Bill: I've suggested this before, but maybe a 'hobby' aspect. Give her something unrelated to Laera, her studies, her magic... Something people will go 'huh. I never would have guess you know/do X'.
N🆗ri (Marisa): karate
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://giphy.com/gifs/cheezburger-kick-pain-karate-3xz2BHM2zwM3mFfYgo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afina be like
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hmmmmm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres a lot of things that could be possible considering shes a noble so she could have access to plenty hobbies
Bill: It could be something that fluffs her ego, even. 'I do thing X and that gives me personality trait Y (that's double sided)'
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like "i do thing X and thats special because most people cant do that"
Bill: "I do thing X and I think I'm special because other people can't"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): when do we choose new season outfits
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://ddragon.leagueoflegends.com/cdn/img/champion/splash/Lux_0.jpg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afinas is done
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): original idea, do not steal
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i cant think of anything that could make her spechul
Bill: I suggest it mostly to find the part of Afina that's not tied to her magic and princess duties. She's not a 1D person that spits out magic and speeches, she's a human who has her own interests and ways of doing things. My recommendation for the 'unrelated' aspect is to help you think about her weird quirks.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *why do I get Weiss vibes for Afina?*
Bill: ~~why do you think~~
Bill: It's okay, Yuria is Winter and Asuna.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afina is a warmer weiss CRIES
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mmmmmmmmmm
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): warmer...............
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aspect.........................................
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afina warmed up pretty quick to elfriede and nokri
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): shes more given to making friends than enemies
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~legos being the exception but even then she doesnt attack outright~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that could be an aspect right
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <@301927856240459777> Beef
Elfriede Faun (Tom): My life has been spared
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): o also i think the nature of afinas racism has changed cause before she'd probably be like "its just in their BIOLOGY"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): now elfriede has made her have doubts
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like "i mean all laguz are violent just... cause...."
Aldus Larian (Jess): But elfy wasn't violent to her 😮
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): if that aint us
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye thats why she has doubts!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wow what a mood
