Nokri (Marisa): there's not much interest but i've already started making potential OCs and plotlines rip
Nokri (Marisa): if it was still set in early 1900s nature-apocalyptic USA
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I'm gonna go vote with ever6 device I have you watch
Nokri (Marisa): *thats cheating*
Nokri (Marisa): Potential main character A:
Betty is a third generation Chinese-American, one of the few women in her community under the Chinese Exclusion Act. As such, she's treated like a princess by those around her and gets the chance to represent her community in a battle for their rights. Seeing as many Americans have been cursed by nature, the Chinese-Americans appear more human than most others, yet are most often accused of being monsters.
Nokri (Marisa): Potential main character B:
Hector is a changeling raised in a human family. He seems to have forgotten his fae roots however, and few people find his appearance overly strange. As he matures, headaches and strange dreams increase. Believing it to be some form of hysteria, Hector visits many doctors, unknown that he is the target of a large-scale search by those dwelling just out of eyesight.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oo I really like both of those
Nokri (Marisa): with the power of picrew i can make infinite OCs
there is no limit
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh neato! I like them
Nokri (Marisa): Potential main character C:
Maria's wealthy family owns a lot of farm land that employs thousands of workers, most of which are overworked and underpaid. She is the spoiled and sheltered darling of the family, brought out to entertain guests with her lovely singing and martial arts demonstrations during parties with similarly rich folk, and kept away from the working class who might wish harm upon her family. From time to time, she likes to swap positions with a maid and explore the fields at night, which is exactly what she was doing when the horizon suddenly lit up with flames.
Nokri (Marisa): Potential main character D:
Luther is deaf, and his working class family mostly leaves him up to his own devices. He can't recognize his own name and is mostly unable to communicate with others, which leads to a lot of mishaps and wonky situations. Recently, someone has been following him around everywhere as though trying to get his attention, but Luther has no idea as to their objective. He wants to warn his fellow deaf friends who may be in a similar predicament, and seek their advice.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I thought the band-aid was the movie uth and I was really confused
Aldus Larian (Jess): They all cool!
Nokri (Marisa): tall mouth boi
Nokri (Marisa): no u
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah I like them all alot
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I would like to hear all thier stories
El氣電e Faun (Tom): But if I have to choose
El氣電e Faun (Tom): B
Then 
A
Nokri (Marisa): ye i feel like A and B have stronger stories too
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like B and C
Bill: I barely ~~at all, depending on who you ask~~ keep with Aurii and I should focus on that, so I can't say I'd follow much. You have enthusiastic fans tho! Enjoy them!
Nokri (Marisa): auriI! aurii! aurii! aurii!!!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Would the Amelia story still have played out as you described it in this world,
El氣電e Faun (Tom): There might be no overlap at all I'm just curious
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I also like B and C
Nokri (Marisa): *woah people voted on the poll* <:woah:543194447345876998> i'm shooketh
ye, Amelia's story would've continued! it'd be canon in the universe but wholly unrelated to the new story :3c
there's actually more interest in a new setting!! what kinds of setting(s) would people be interested in?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): ThEre is?n
Nokri (Marisa): ***are they all from you***
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): NO I ONLY DID 1!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I did 1 too!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also 1!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I mostly voted for new setting because I came in late on the first one and was much confused
El氣電e Faun (Tom): OO it neeto
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It's post apocalyptic America but in the 1920's
El氣電e Faun (Tom): But also
El氣電e Faun (Tom): There's magic and Far and stuff
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Most people have mutated a bit
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh same I voted for b but am also liking a
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Who else voted for a new setting, were going to have to fight now
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It's the only way
Nokri (Marisa): ooo ye my bad. in the original setting, manifest destiny and mass industrialization caused some sort of second civil war in the USA, which really messed up the country. nature is retaking everything manmade and some people are cursed, which is why it's not unusual if people have flowers growing out of their ear or weird deformities
Nokri (Marisa): it's like early 1900s post apocalyptic
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): neat
Nokri (Marisa): character B wouldn't be seen as too freaky because people in this world would know that people just look messed up sometimes due to nature's revenge 洟ｷ
Nokri (Marisa): been playing around with different settings all day <:thinku:543194478614413318> 

a little mermaid-esque plot about a siren curious about the surface, or one where the ocean is equivalent to our earth and the surface is equivalent to outer space and she wants to explore it, or the oceans are getting too polluted so they're looking at sustainable surface survival

weeby japanesey plot wherein japan never opened its borders and remained isolated until much more recently, so you have very traditional japan with modern technologies not influenced by anywhere else, and maybe a foreign exchange student or such. kind of like the anime Ikoku Meiro no Croisee but opposite. maybe.

someone from the past who finds themselves in the future, or vice versa.

the sudden loss of everything electronic, or massive rolling blackouts in modern times

idk
