Elfriede Faun (Tom): Virginville, PA
Elfriede Faun (Tom): PA you okay?
Bill: 
Bill: Since Aurii is still pretty decidedly haitus'd, I've been remapping some stuff.
Bill: Will be writing lore to go with it, for. whenever Aurii runs again, or if I transition it to a live campaign setting.
Bill: (Fuck Callora though)
Bill: It's Civil War time.
Bill: I didn't export the version with the updated key... The blue!callora is... Dwyr, tan is Rocnas, orange is... Thostan?
Bill: Gold remains Callora.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~i read that as thotstan and was like OH thats tristans THOT name!~~
Bill: lol
Bill: Brain spew, Callora split because Dreca advanced as far as they have and the Alliance wasn't sure how to handle it. Callorian countries decided they should try and side with Eraia, even through Eraia tried to conquer them in the past (and low key still want to), hoping after being allies Eraia won't turn on them. Thostan want to side with Dreca, cause enemy of my enemy (Eraia) is my friend and they're kicking ass. Rocnas wants to remain out of the war and straight up isolationist. Dwyr (which includes Laera) was the group trying to keep Callora together and following the Alliance's original declarations. Dwyr wants to end the war, but without being in the war and losing lives to it. 

Another spark for this was Dreca sending a boat to Wynne to be like 'yo you wanna fuck up these mainlanders?' and Wynne burning the boat in the harbor. (Wynne don't like betrayal, Dreca... Dreca) Wynne then wants in on the war, but now Callora (their ally) is a fucking mess and they're not the patient type so Wynne going to get involved with whoever wants to fuck up Eraia and Dreca cause fuck both of them.
N🆗ri (Marisa): sounds like burning the boat is how wynne enters the war
Bill: Wynne has no hesitation. Callora collapsed under it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Well fuck
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That fits in well with the blurb that I had originally wrote for the timeskip with Qdoba
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I meant Qdoba BUT OK
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A F I NA
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _timeskip with Afina_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Afina looks nothing like Qdoba what the fuck
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): all the letters in Qdoba are next to the letters in Afina lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Subliminal messaging
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): your phone is telling you to get Qdoba for lunch
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But basically Afinas tutor is like “you need to invite diverse people to the ball because the world is rocky right now”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): HONESTLY I though about it but I’m getting Panera
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also a good choice
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WOO UPDATTEOOOOO
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I can't read now but later!
N🆗ri (Marisa): IM TRY NOT TO LET IT LAPSE AGAIN
Bill: 🙏
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Picks: ring bell, and leave
N🆗ri (Marisa): ding dong ditch the guild
it's just a prank bro
