Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yes
Bill: No one's waiting on me for anything right?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Game start
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm still trying to finish up my character...
N🆗ri (Marisa): Do it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have thought up of one (1) aspect so far... I think...
Bill: Tell me what you have in mind for backstories and such.
Bill: I can try and point out good aspects in there.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): One thing I was thinking was that he likes fighting (not sure a good adjective to use for that) and the pro is that he's very focused and determined in battle, but the con is that he sometimes picks fights for no reason which gets him into trouble
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just needed an aspect that fits the phrase "Eye of the tiger; thrill of the fight" because reasons
N🆗ri (Marisa): that sounds like he'd have a restless or high-energy personality then and likes to be preoccupied? or at least enjoys physical activities like sports and stuff?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can see him being sporty and high energy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And also overly confident
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~as you might tell, he's like the exact polar opposite of me lol~~
Bill: for the fighting, something like "Asks questions later" could be a good way of describing it.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, another question about laguz, do their ears replace normal ears like in Fire Emblem, or can it be dual ears like faunus?
Bill: ,... I've never thought about it.
Bill: ~~damn furries~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aldus has duel ears
Bill: So yeah that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have referenced them
Bill: Both sets!
Aldus Larian (Jess): like "all four of his ears perk up" and that kinda thing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): gotcha. I was using Fire Emblem as reference but then I saw Leanna drew dual ears
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~ngl i was only thinking of faunus~~
Bill: ~~we all only think of Faunus~~
Bill: I described how aspects get used right? Basically you say 'this trait of mine is relevant' to a given scenario and that gives you a bonus.
N🆗ri (Marisa): important quesiton does he play fetch
N🆗ri (Marisa): does aldus play fetch? has this been explored
reunion idea
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): nokri be like "i'm never gonna see him again ;-;
but if i do........... for science......"
Bill: Was Aldo developing some leadership traits?
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: ~~a mystery to you too then~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): confident leader aldo
N🆗ri (Marisa): alpha aldo
Bill: YE
Bill: ~~look what happened when Elfie and Afrin were in charge~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yo if Elfriede had no human ears, the laguz reveal would’ve happened a LOT SOON
Elfriede Faun (Tom): LMAO yep
