Aldus Larian (Jess): i was thinking more like that the ruling class were big poopies, than race stuff but i guess i could change it?
Nokri (Marisa): Would cat laguz be treated like children before labor laws?
Using their lithe body to reach into machines and small areas that are very dangerous and that no adult would be able to do?
Bill: That’s how I filled in the blanks, did you imagine something different? Ah that yes.
Bill: Well, Torshan is starting to lean support for Dreca.
Aldus Larian (Jess): f-fffffuuck
Bill: So your group.... ooh...
Bill: Let’s say we have a third prince or something in the group whose exiled.
Aldus Larian (Jess): wUT now i confuse
Aldus Larian (Jess): prince from where
Bill: He was exiled and I dunno, had his legs broken, because he found out about the Torshan king meeting with Drecians.
Bill: Said meeting was giving key information about Calloran politics to the Drecians which would help them invade.
Aldus Larian (Jess): what meeting im so confused
Bill: So, this prince tries to say “this bad no were allies” and he gets his legs busted.
Bill: The exprince puts together people from the slums, people who want to do better, to start working to overthrow his father before his father betrays them league and joins Dreca.
Bill: And that’s your group.
Bill: Fighting a conspiracy no one would believe is happening but very much is.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the prince is from torshan?
Bill: Ye.
Bill: I don’t like prince I think. Some other young noble.
Aldus Larian (Jess): we got to many nobles
Bill: Your group is not only fighting royals like in your image, they’re fighting separatists from the league which is  what Afina is going to be tasked to prevent by her father.
Bill: So you'll have a connection to Afina.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont think I have a good enough grasp on the whole league thing for that...
Bill: Aldus doesn't need to be the mastermind behind that.
Bill: His NPC friend can be the one coordinating, and the NPC is still a step or two removed from the leader themselves.
Bill: What's going to matter at Aldus's level is the leader of the group get information on a royal family, and the group raid that family for everything that's not nailed down.
Bill: The group then distributes this wealth to the people, and keeps some to build their own coffers.
Bill: why was Aldus going to join up, or what other bullet points did you have?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WOO RAIDS
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so torshan and dwyr are parts of callora, dwyr is like a bigger laera and torshan is Mining Town
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mining Town is really gritty and shit so they wanna side with Dreca
Bill: Yup.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): am i getting this right
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok cool
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but this "siding with dreca" thing is a fringe movement crrently
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which aldus is a part of
Aldus Larian (Jess): wait whut
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont want aldi to side with dreca 😦
Nokri (Marisa): It sounds like there’s a story going on that Aldus is being placed into rather than letting the character drive the story on their own
Aldus Larian (Jess): aldus was going to join the group cuz he needs money to continue his quest but then becomes sypathetic to thier plight
Nokri (Marisa): “Dress reminds me of a selfless loving girl I once met... I’m in.” - Aldus 2019
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was just going to go for like the taxes were too damn high and no could make a living
Bill: Aldus is in the group that's trying to keep Torshan from joining Dreca, he good.
Aldus Larian (Jess): so they wanna usurp the current ruler
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and the ruler is a dreca-lover
Bill: Yes.
Nokri (Marisa): Unrelated to the convo but there’s a duck standing outside real ominously in the middle of the road and I thought you all should know that thanks
Bill: He's going to bring the whole region over as an ally to Dreca, which will give Dreca direct access to Dwyr and Etrina, other regions of Callora. (Northwestern and Central).
Nokri (Marisa): Nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so torshan wants to love dreca
Bill: But you guys ~~should~~ stop that from actually happening.
Bill: Torshan sees Dreca as the guys who are going to win the war.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): robin hood group wants callora to stay together
Bill: Yes.
Bill: Torshan figures, if you can't beat em, join em before they beat you.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): robin hood group steals things to fund the revolution and also cat laguz?
Bill: drop the cat leggo part I think.
Bill: We don't really need another racial subplot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): robin hood group steals to fund the COUP
Bill: Pretty much.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aldo joins cause life is expensive
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and then how does that tie into party?
Bill: As for Aldus, he could have been simply recruited cause he's a CRACK shot with a bow and he looks like he needed a break.
Bill: The overall goal doesn't have to be important to him.
Bill: Aldus is hired to do a job, and he can find family in this group.
Bill: Before we deal with the party invite, how does that mesh with Aldus? Do you see that story unfolding for him?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanted the group to obtain an invite by "alternative" means
Bill: Hold on one sec. Are you okay with this group as we just discussed? I want you to like Aldi's new plot elements.
Bill: I just want to do this piece by piece.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I dont really understand what happening tbh... kinda feels like you just assigned it all to me
Bill: I'm trying to fill in the blanks is all. I use all these details later to connect Aldus to parts of the big story. Like how Yuria was going to become an adventure.
Aldus Larian (Jess): these were my bullet points:

Gets drug connection in Torshan
Shady back alley shit
Gets mugged and knocked out (rip)
Gets some shitty job so try to earn some money back
Gets attacked again
Someone save him (they cool, they use 2 daggers)
Then they dissapear whooooo mysterious
Then they come to his shitty job
“Hey kid u wanna make some real money”
Joins gang thing
Whoo now we steal from the rich and give to the poor (and take a lil ourselves)
Gang doesn't like the Etrina ruling family and wants to usurp them
Aldi go to party uncover forrrrrr somethiiiiing related to that?
Blindsided by dad being there
Nokri (Marisa): Does it matter *how* everyone gets to the party? Is what’s gonna happen at the party related in any way to how everyone gets there, or is it going to be left behind as soon as the new plot starts?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats a good question
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mawisa askin the REAL QUESTIONS
Bill: Not really. However Aldus's backstory with a group of freedom fighters is SCREAMING subplot to me. Even where Aldus could be torn between his allies and his father in a power struggle.
Bill: Spicy stuff.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): spicies? in MY aurii? its more likely than youd think
Nokri (Marisa): Then that could be a neat subplot down the line but I wouldn’t sweat over all the tiny details as long as everyone shows up to the party
Bill: So basically `gets drug connection` through `joins gang` can be exactly as you wrote it. I'm detailing the gang itself because it'd be a good subplot.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): gang tryna steal from afrin?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): or gang tryna ally with her fam?
Bill: ^ that's the fun question.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _gang tryna do both?_
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont even know what the premis of the party is beside "go to afrins house"
Bill: So the gang are

Freedom fighters, who want to overthrow the current king of Torshan

They have a noble in charge, who says the king is going to ally the region with Dreca

The noble is raiding houses that support the king to weaken him and get money to fund the revolt

They'll take anyone whose strong and willing to do the dirty work they do, hence Aldus.

They basically operate by handing orders down to raid place X, and that's all Aldus has to know at the start. (the orders can even go to your NPC friend with the daggers, so Aldus just works with them)
Bill: Are those all okay facts?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so whats he doin at afinas then
Aldus Larian (Jess): wat are they raiding?
Bill: Homes of supporters of the king?
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm dont like that
Bill: Other places that'll hurt the current rule but not the populace.
Bill: What are you thinking?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I didnt cound on needing so mant details but morally adlus wouldnt do that
Aldus Larian (Jess): people who support the king could just be scared
Bill: Nah, definitely people who are loyal to him.
Bill: Think the sheriff of nottingham.
Bill: KEY people, who are part of the King's plans.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im getting overwhelmed i didnt think id need so many details
Bill: Marisa is right that you don't.
Nokri (Marisa): You might be trying to force a subplot that doesn’t work with the character, and coming up with too many unnecessary things that you won’t need for the party ye
Bill: Though what 'alternative means' you go to the party with kinda depends on what your groups motivations are.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i didnt know enough about the party to plan tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): the party is for what? to band against dreca?
Bill: The party is to promote Calloran Unity.
Bill: Behind closed doors, Afina's father is worried about the regions of Callora splitting up.
Bill: So he threw a party in hopes they'd get their shit together.
Bill: ~~very RFA of him~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): but then why is elfie comming from eraia?
Bill: Afina invited him
Aldus Larian (Jess): why
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless its just romance subplot for him
Bill: They decided it...
Aldus Larian (Jess): is everyone else also in calora? i dont understnad why non calorians would just "be invited"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afinas dad is worried about da war so he went "hey all these rich nobles will be at the party, show them youre tolerant afina"
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah nobles don’t usually just invite their commoner friends to parties
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless afina is just like "ill invite my friends" in which case theres no reason for me to try to get creative at all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and afina went 'huh well i know a drecan and an eraian and a wynnite"
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri walks in with “not a drecan” screenprinted on the shirt with a unicorn
Bill: No reason not to be creative.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afinas mentor is also like "youve been too emo lately, invite your friends"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and afrin was like "f...fr....einds?"
Bill: To be a little blunt, Aldus needs a little more content to him. The more connections he has to things going on in the world, the more involved you’ll feel.
Aldus Larian (Jess): so then aldus i just invited as a friend, theres no point to try to fake an invite or anything unless you are saying everyone is getting invited as a friend execpt him
Bill: I know you were frustrated by that in the first season, so I’m only trying to set you up to have stuff happen and involve Aldus directly.
Aldus Larian (Jess): im just trying to make sense
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye aldus could easily just show up with the invite
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whats his reaction to being invited?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "fuck it i have nothing better to do"? lol
Bill: You could easily just get an invite, the 6 months could be non factor, and he just appears to be in the story.
Aldus Larian (Jess): in that case id prob have him tell his allies about it
Aldus Larian (Jess): and go as an informant almost
Aldus Larian (Jess): to gather information on the state of callora
Aldus Larian (Jess): im not trying to be lazy... i just need a solid understanding
Bill: So, with the group before, I was going to suggest Aldus is tailing a Torshan noble to the party. He’s spying on the guy, hoping to catch the guy do something to reveal he supports Dreca.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so aldus is going to the party to get info on what dwyr is doing in relation to dreca?
Aldus Larian (Jess): whats dwyr doing?
Bill: Dwyr wants to keep Callora together. Not ally with Dreca.
Bill: That’s pretty obvious though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): so then that wouldnt make sense to tail someone from there
Bill: Tail someone TO there.
Aldus Larian (Jess): or... just gather info
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aldus could be scoping out the dwyr nobles at the party ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): afina being a dwyr noble
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye dat
Bill: Same thing. You’d be gathering information on the one guy invited to the party.
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe the group is like "shit they are doing this unification party we need to get an in" and then aldus is like "gottt itt"
Bill: Yeah that’s good!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "how do we sneak into the unification party"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): aldus, holding up letter straight from afina: i got this bois
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE that
Bill: Cool cool.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but aldus is with a group that wants unification right? and so does afinas country?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye so theyre allies and they just dont know it
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok
Bill: Somewhat.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): they both want unification
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but the reigning government in torshan doesnt want unification
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so afinas fam gotta support some REBELS
Bill: Well, they are unified now.
Bill: Torshan wants to break the unification.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but aldus doesnt work for torshan
Aldus Larian (Jess): we works for the rebels of torshan
Bill: Right, you’re working for the group that’s going to keep Torshan from leaving the league.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea
Aldus Larian (Jess): for some reason
Bill: They give you a place to sleep lol
Bill: And your mentor person is there, and you’re learning from them.
Bill: Making money.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): double dagger dude
Aldus Larian (Jess): they arnt a mentor tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): just the person that brings him intot eh fold
Bill: Kk.
Aldus Larian (Jess): at least i didnt see it as a mentor/mentee thing?
Bill: Then it’s not. 👍
Bill: ~~not going to lie I’m basically picturing Vanderwood~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHOO!
Aldus Larian (Jess): wasnt what i was going for but 🤷
Nokri (Marisa): Vanderwood’s a babysitter
Bill: Hence the strike out. You can make him whatever you want.
Bill: You just have to write it out.
Nokri (Marisa): Baby aldus
Bill: Is he coming to the party too?
Bill: Like your plus one?
Aldus Larian (Jess): uhhh? is that possible? i hadnt really thought it would be a possibility but it would be cool
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _maybe afina learned from a disasterous halloween party not to invite plus 1s_ <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): jk yeah shes probably fine with it
Aldus Larian (Jess): fancy parties always have plus ones
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tre
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and this is the Big Deal
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea they could come with him then
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this is Mr Afrins Festival of Light
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh yeah elfie got a plus one too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WHOS NOKRIS
Bill: It is if I know who your guy is?
Aldus Larian (Jess): me?
Bill: Yeah.
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri plus one? :0
~~her sugar daddy~~
A random neighborhood guy she made fall in love with her
Bill: I can make up all the details in the world about him, but if you have an image of him in your mind I could contradict them and that would suck.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this is nokri and her _50 year old boyfriend_ <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok well ive gotta think about that
Aldus Larian (Jess): what do you need to know?
Bill: Anything you want to make a fact about this person.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Bill, you said that the Kisselain territories were fairly new before Dreca attacked? How new are we talking?
Bill: So when Tom made Yuria, he told me about her hair, that she’s strict on Elfriede, and she’s a special agent.
Bill: I filled in the blanks around those facts.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok, i think i need to try to get my chara cheet right first
Bill: So I just need that list of “headcanons” lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok but it can be a list
Bill: Yup.
Aldus Larian (Jess): and obviously a name
Bill: ~~I hate coming up with names so please~~ but I could come up with it if you want.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i wanna do it
Aldus Larian (Jess): im just trying to do like 3 things right now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <@!386874959009415170> i think its within the characters lifetime?
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> so from before, cat laguz could be used for small tasks like that, but it’s more like “here’s a dollar, get in that tunnel”
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ok, just trying to get my character history to make canonical sense
Bill: Yes, with in character life time. Let's spitball around 30~40 years ago.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ok so before my character was born. Perfect 👍🏻
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Didn't want to say he grew up there if it didn't exist when he was growing up
Bill: He's how old?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 25
Bill: Yeah so when you were born the territories had just settled into actual towns rather than tent citys and stuff.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Gotcha
Bill: So if you share whatever bullet points you have, with mad libs blanks in places, I can help you fill in the blanks.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lowkey i was reading the world guide the other day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): how many language options ARE there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "veen" is common tongue
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i know theres a sign language type shorthand that a lot of mages learn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): eraia has a language as well
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): are there others?
Bill: Dreca has one.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Was Rica always a bitch or was that a result of how she was treated after the Dreca attack?
Bill: No idea.
Bill: Though, yeah, that sounds prtty good.
Bill: I originally wrote it as the non veen languages are secondary to their original nation (Drel in Dreca, etc) as Veen kinda takes over the world.
Bill: I could adjust that and it's certainly possible there are more languages than I listed.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): kewl
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah i was wondering what afina would know from noble studies
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): veen is a given, conversational eraian cause tutor, mage sign language...? idk
Bill: Likely if she's done any ritual magic study.
Bill: Which is were most magic "research" takes place.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): truuuuu
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so yes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Remind me who is hosting this party, what its purpose is, and where it's located?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Afinas dad is holding a "festival of light"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): externally its a celebration of knowledge
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): internally papa is worried about unity of the country and wants to foster good feels
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its located in the nation of dwyr in the kingdom callora
Bill: It's technically still Laera but.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): in afrinas home area laera
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye
Bill: It's a big party with nobles from all over.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~sigh~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm really drawing a blank of where I want this character to go
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): some of the ideas I've had wouldn't really make sense
Bill: share my guy.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): how so?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): •    Current age: 25
•    Childhood:
o    Grew up in Kisselain territories
o    Father was tiger laguz, mother was human
o    Parents were refugees and among the first to settle in Kisselain territories
o    Ingrained in him to be proud of his laguz traits
•    Dreca attack:
o    Age: 22
o    Father stayed behind to fight, told Chengu to take his mother and run
o    Mother was wounded at some point
o    Ran off with his mother into Eraia
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): was thinking about he and his mother encountering some Eraians who separated the two because his mother was human and then his ulterior motive would be rescuing his mother but then it wouldn't make sense for him to be heading up to Callora
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but also just thought about killing her off
Bill: Dreca takes your Mom and sends you to spy on the Party, since any Drecian would be turned away at the Callora border.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): would laguz be welcomed at the party?
Bill: Ye.
Bill: We'd have to figure out how you get in...
Bill: But that could be your motivation.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ok, that's a good starting point... so instead of them encountering Eraians, they encounter Drecans, they take her and in exchange for her life he turns spy for Dreca?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeeeeee boi
Bill: Basically 'you want your mom back you do this thing'.
Bill: Ye.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): chengu gotta get a cool disguise
Bill: So assuming he doesn't somehow get a proper invite (which is possible too), how would he get in?
Bill: Sneak in the help?
Bill: Con his way in?/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he'd probably sneak his way in somehow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): [james bond music plays]
Bill: ~~force his way in?~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): drops in from the ceiling lol
Bill: Or, one of those Torshan nobles that are in secret talks with Dreca bring Chengu as a plus one.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I kind of like that idea better
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oooo yea
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): some torshan noble sneks him in
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): niceee
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): How's this for another aspect:
```FAMILY FIRST
Invoke: I would do anything to save my mother
Compel: Dreca has me by the tail and can make me do their bidding even if it means doing something that I don’t want to```
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye!
Bill: You can be more on the nose with it. “I love my mom and Dreca has her”
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): **Invoke:** I love my mother who is my only remaining family. Dreca has her and I would do anything to save her
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think I'm gonna just have those 4 aspects
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Whew that was a big boi read but I caught up on everything from last night
Bill: Jess is mostly set... unless reason not to when I need details of the group Aldus works for imma make up like I did before, Jess needs to tell me about Dagger ~~vanderwood~~ dude before next week and it’d be helpful if we had Aldo’s sheet, but I can let that go. Erikku seems to have a fair grasp in hand as well.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Oh my addendum was for the name of the aspect, rather than the Invoke.
Bill: So in your timeline this hall happened when he was 22.
Bill: and he's 25?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ye
Bill: So, has he been working for Dreca for 3 years, or do you want to adjust it?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): history thing says Dreca attack was 3 years ago
Bill: That's when they hit the shores, the invasion takes time and you could have been on the run for a bit before they got your mom for reasons.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): gotcha
Bill: I dunno if you want to have Chengu working for them for a while or not. My first thought was this is the one ask they gave him and he's desperate to believe it's legit, but you could also have him dragged around for 3 years and working WITH the people he was supposed to infiltrate suddenly seems like better odds than continuing with Dreca.
