Aldus Larian (Jess): i cant find where the new lands of callora are detailed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): http://www.aurii.us/aurii_world_guide/4-2-Calloran_League.html
Aldus Larian (Jess): bless
Aldus Larian (Jess): i forget which one biru said aldus should be doin his thang in
Bill: Torshan.
Aldus Larian (Jess): and why was that again?
Bill: That political group slash region values tiger laguz because strong intelligent tigers are great for physical labor, but hate cats cause they weak and small. So cats have little rights while tigers are treated okay. If there was a group of laguz Robin Hood’s, they could be taking from the rich and giving to the poor cats.
Aldus Larian (Jess): "Scars and calluses are a sign of experience in Torshan." aww sweet
Bill: TLDR tigers are used as intelligent horses to pull mine carts and stuff, physical labor like that. Cats are useless except as pets (which isn’t legal) so they are useless.
Aldus Larian (Jess): so there car laguz and riger laguz?
Aldus Larian (Jess): CAR
Bill: Who are.
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): like they both exist?
Bill: Car laguz = transforms.
Bill: Yeah lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): it been awhile lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): but theyd be cool with aldi?
Bill: Cats and tigers are native to the mainland. Also get the most shit.
Bill: Wolf laguz are also pretty strong animals, so Torshan lets them slide.
Bill: ~~you can pull cart you valid~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): but aldi doesnt transform
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Don’t tell them that.
Bill: Aldus would have trouble getting a job in Torshan.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but also its like a underworld operation, whihc ussually operate in opposition to the "normal way" of the land
Bill: The stigma is laguz get jobs in physical labor, and if they want a “technical” job that’s not about how strong they are, they get laughed off.
Bill: The organization would be about attacking those who abuse the cat laguz, or generally propogate the hatred for them. That COULD even include tigers who are detached racially from Kissaelain (feline laguz blanket term), that make use of the flawed system.
