Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I want to write _more_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So Afina definitely wrote to Aldus, Nokri, and elfriede
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Elfriede accepted, did the other two? Did they even receive their letters?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And we’re Chengu and Kaio invited, or are they sneaking in somehow?
Nokri (Marisa): Letters are such a neat idea
Nokri would 600% accept if she got it. She wandered around for a bit though and I’m leaning towards dying her hair.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YO DO IT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So Nokri more likely than not just wasn’t around to receive the letter
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): BUT probably heard through the grapevine that Afina is having a party and well “Afina and I are best friends and she has rich friends so I gotta go”
Nokri (Marisa): That’s it!!
Do dog legos get excited when they get mail like dogs in movies do?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk ask Aldus or Elfriede <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m wondering if Aldus gets the letter and the Robin Hood group he’s with is like “ah the perfect way in”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Chengus motivations seem less clear to me, though he sounds Robin Hood-ish too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Maybe doing recon or something
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Could be part of a laguz group hoping to pull a stunt at the party to gain sympathy from the populace owo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm still not sure where Chengu fits in with this all :/
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what were the bullet points you had for what he was up to pre-party?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Idk brain still sobering up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL thats ok
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also still haven't finished everything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that is a question for a tomorrow then lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm 100 % sure that if Nokri dyed her hair
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Elfriede has no idea who the fk she is anymore
Nokri (Marisa): omg hair dye confirmed
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Afina: This is nokri
Elfriede: *brain is making dial up noises
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Afina: The blonde girl
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Elfriede: *More intense dial up noises
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): "the blonde girl...... so..... you?" @ afina
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL ya!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): San walks by: "Hey nokri"
Nokri:"Sup"
Elfriede Faun (Tom): *Elfriedes eyes widen as he slowly collapses in on himself*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What new hair color is Nokri gettin owo
Nokri (Marisa): Like a light muddy brownish color, like this! ~~i may or may not have entirely stolen the idea from this movie~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The adults hair or the child's?
Nokri (Marisa): The girl sitting! She’s blonde but they make it darker by rubbing clay or something on it, as seen in the cloth the woman is holding
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Is that the wolf children production company?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Movie art looks similar
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Naw it’s another studio, the people who made angel beats and hanasaku Iroha
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WOO I’m ready for dirt hair Nokri <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Not key?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It also kinda reminds me of bavely default for some reason
Nokri (Marisa): PA Works is the studio, rip Key
BRAVELY DEFAULT YWAH it does look similar <:woah:543194447345876998>
