Bill: Sherwood's personality was terrible oh my god.
Bill: He was so flat and go with the flow.
Bill: ```Sherwood is a contemplative, quiet sort. Not to say he doesn't speak, but he is comfortable in silence has no drive to end pauses in conversation. He often asks a question and only nods in response, thinking about how to use what he learned. He isn't a book learner, and suffers in classes without a practical bent. He also suffers in close combat, which is often the case in the Academy. He is incredibly patient, taking each loss with class. Some people think he's weak and/or dumb, but they would be wrong. He knows his strengths in combat and doesn't try to pretend he's good at close range. Nor will he ever bother to speak up on his own behalf. He's content to let people belief wrong information. This same situation occurs with his studies. He's loyal, sometimes to a fault. He would rather work than play most of the time, but goes along with 'play' to form bonds with his team and allies.```
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): he's so edgy hehehe
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i like it
Bill: *edgy*
Bill: You should see his Partner.
Bill: I'm rehashing his personality but it's a bit tough.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): show the pardner
Bill: I don't have Percy's bio.
Bill: Percy is floo's character.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Bless you
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Is your character just Ren
Bill: Quite country bumpkin. Hunter. Little more present than Ren.
Bill: Idk.
Bill: Rehashing him pretty hard because I’ve learned a lot about character design running Aurii.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _bumpkin, are you my grandpa_
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Routine check <@&358049600172589067> basically two weeks till interlude deadline, everyone doing okay with that?
Bill: If I take emojis as fact, Tomu/Jess?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): uhh i guess?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): If I use exactly what I have right now <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~I'm trying to be a good DM and get the game running again here`~
Bill: So talk to me about issues, and if you feel this whole thing isn't working for you we can make changes.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ok issue: i dont wanna write XD
Bill: ,... I mean.
Bill: I can't help you there.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): exactly
Bill: do... you just want to drop then...?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ill do it eventually
Bill: Are you not wanting to write *now*, or *at all* because those are grossly different.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i havent been in the mood to sit down and write lately
Bill: mmkay cause... I don't want to consider inviting anyone if the game's never going to pick up again. (I'm still batting around Erik, then Sam and Denny...)
Bill: Mostly Erik again, since if he's taking the time to snark about Hal and Meg to Georgia he can handle our gossip.
Bill: I'd say he doesn't feel like a roleplayer, but I never pegged Marisa for one either.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean im not going to lie to you motivation to play is pretty low but i dont want to be left out if it does get going again
