Elfriede Faun (Tom): CELL PHONE KEYBOARD WARRIOR
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Just make bullet points on the phone and type it up in detail later 👌
Bill: Think Georgia did a lot of her posting from her phone, it’s possible.
Bill: ~~dear god not recommended~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i typed on the bus a lot yeah lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I don't like typing big long things on phone
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Does anyone remember what lagu Rica was
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Cat or wolf?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Tiger?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She wasn't a bun I remember
Bill: Tiger.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Kk thankkk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): smol tiger
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She was not smol
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She swol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): smol and swol
Elfriede Faun (Tom): XD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): smol for a tiger lego
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _but Afrin it’s just a bun_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): **GETS STABBED**
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh no Elfriede is mortally wounded!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Again....!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Fina plz, it's just a bun
Bill: So Elfie has an invite to the party... Aldus is going to sneaky in? Afina at party, Nokri glued to Afrin's ass, and Cheung in progress.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Afina has a little nokri backpack
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): is Afrin a nickname for Afina?
Aldus Larian (Jess): aldus will have an invite just through alternative channels
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah lmao, it's cuz of the nasel spray or w/e
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea Afrin - Afine
Aldi/Aldo is Aldus
Noknok- Nokri
Elfy - Elfriede
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Fina is Elfriedes actual nickname for her that he's used like twice
Bill: When did we ever use Noknok lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): all the time
N🆗ri (Marisa): every post
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thought the had
Aldus Larian (Jess): sorry
N🆗ri (Marisa): she was literally never referred to as anything else
N🆗ri (Marisa): only noknok
Bill: lol there's nothing to apologize for.
Bill: We can iron out Aldus things later today too.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's her real name actually, that's why nokri is her alias
Bill: I assume you don't want to at work cause of headbangingmcgee.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have approx 14 mins untill he returns from his too short lunch
Bill: 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): the outline i posted the other day is what i was thinking of going with
Bill: yeye, we'll flesh that out a bit and I'll give you some names/organizations/places to go along with your ideas.
Bill: Basically fit your outline into the world.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
