Elfriede Faun (Tom): How goes the Amelia cosplay
N🆗ri (Marisa): I HAVE 3/4 OF A POST DRAFTED ITS IN MY TUMBLR DRAFTS
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Wooooo
Bill: Where that elfie cosplay tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): NVM babe he's not interested don't show him
Aldus Larian (Jess): NVM I mixed my channels up
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'd love to cos elf on the shelf
Bill: I’m at bar trivia gimme a break.
Bill: Can’t have my phone out during a round.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i said *I* messed us tho~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): biru stop cheating in your den of sin
Bill: What? No active questions rn, we turned in the slip.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): me: oh marisas gonna post tonight
Elfriede Faun (Tom): exact moment: mawisa quest lights up
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 😱
N🆗ri (Marisa): omg you're psychic
N🆗ri (Marisa): i tried the second person point of view for this but if no one's feeling it we can revert
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i like all the answers oh no
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nick Nick Nick n-nick Nick Nick Nickelodeon!
Bill: DOES anyone want to talk characters driving home.
Bill: ~~Mawisa you should explain quest to Erik and Leanna~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I finally started working on my character sheet ~~instead of working~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have two aspects so far so I need to come up with a couple more
Aldus Larian (Jess): i will pay someone 3 corn chips to do my character sheet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://i.pinimg.com/originals/75/50/80/75508010d78c13bcb1f6cb5bcd653df3.jpg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What’s the corn chip to Garrity breakfast conversion rate
Aldus Larian (Jess): i do not produce the Garrity breakfast so i cannot use it as currency
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _feck_
Bill: Have a backstory will help your aspect generation.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): can I post what I have so far so you can check it out?
Bill: absolutely.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ooooo afina gonna have fun with him
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😼
Bill: Aspects are good, laguz pride is probably going to be hardest to invoke. It’s an easy compel though, so it’ll cause trouble and earn you Fate points. 

Your stunt should read “sneakily act in the dark” not or. Even with that, I’m going to say that’s too broad of a category. You either need to narrow that down to less scenarios, or think differently. (Cough Faunus history cough)

Your last two aspects should absolutely about his history or relationships. Give him connections outside of himself.
Bill: Great work so far.
Bill: Vroom.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Yeet* \o7
Bill: Also Jess your character sheet is 90% copy paste.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): does tiger boy has a LOVER
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): or an ex lover
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): somethin spicy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that could be an aspect
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): or maybe a backstory element leads to a skill outside fighting
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): maybe hes a really good chef or he plays the pan flute idk
Bill: Wait, does he want a extremist ex-girlfriend? Cause We had a tiger bandit theaten The party a while back and she was Baller.
Bill: Damnit Georgia.
Bill: Rica?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): RICA
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: Outside of a lover, professions and organizations are good things to use.
Bill: What’s he doing and what can he do because of it?
Bill: Tell me what you imagine them doing and I’ll tell you how that image translate to the world.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): REMEMBER WHEN BEING KINKY WAS AN ASPECT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wild times in the game, that was
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh god i forgot about that
Bill: Aspects can also be bad things. Like “hunted by so and so” or something.
Bill: Might be good for Elfie actually.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): RICA
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Rica kicked Elfies ass
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It was def hot
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Totally
