Georgia (Something Sensible): Midnight Ochako test now that I have her actual wig and contacts!
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Plus two possible pajamas besides my white kitty kigu
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Pink Ochako or a pink-and-green shippy Ochako 👀
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ya'll ever come across something of a cosplay you did in the past and miss it for a bit? ~~But know you'll probs never do it again?~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Big mood, that’s happened to me before
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's been happening to me soo much recently D:
you want fucking rwby chibi?: omg waifu material
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): First one is so cute
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Toga wig came in!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cute!!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): WHAT A CUTE PSYCHO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): THANK
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I can't wait to be her for Zenkai
Mark (Mad Doctor): I usually buy contact cement in smallish jars with brushes inside the lid. When I resupplied today, the shop was out of small jars and I had to buy it in a tiny paint can. Any suggestions for working with it so I don't make a huge mess and can keep it from drying out before its time?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I have the can as well. I usually just put the lid back on and seal it with a mallet and it keeps it pretty airtight. Hasn't started drying out on me and I've had it for months. I actually find the small bottles dry up quicker. In terms of not making a mess, I usually use a disposable chip brush or just scrap foam for applying. I've also seen people pour some into condiment bottles for easier application
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I keep my contact cement in a sriracha bottle!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): It keeps it sealed and it’s make application super easy!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Good tips. Going to have to put a lot of Sriracha on my turkey leftovers this week
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): You can also use any kind of resealable squirt bottle. I’m just broke and had just finished a bottle of sriracha when my barge came in the mail 😂
