Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Got red swim shorts and redblack flip flops for beach keith for colassal !
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Who wants to do beach voltron with me?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Woot woot getting all them swimsuit cosplays going~ Lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I would do Pidge or Allura  with you but I already got a full line up T_T
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Booo jk love you ♡
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I'm excited to see your cosplays I know you've been working on them ♡
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): So excited ♡
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm so excited to do them. I actually have most already put together XD
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Yay!!!!!!
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I'm so proud !!!!!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just gotta get a few more pieces, style wigs and then the main thing is work on props for Sun D:
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I wanna do all beach cause I know sept is hawt!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Only like 2 of my costumes are not swimsuits. But one of those 2 is for Thursday lol. 
I wanna get use of that damn water park since staying at Kalahari finally this year XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It was FREEZING last year so be careful and reminder to bring at least a sweatshirt xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *will have my sweatshirt for Max so at least set in that part lol*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You are prepared! Good!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Prepared without even knowing it XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Btw your sun swimsuit is adorable
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thank you!! :3
I love it so much. I'll probs wear it outside of cosplay next year just cause it's so cute~
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I'm bringing backups too
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Your sun is so precious!! <@169297844874903552>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thank you :3
I am hoping to have a test of the non swimsuit and swimsuit version up this weekend lol.
Marisa (Weeb): lance walks up
"hey guys i'm ready to swim"
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): <@169297844874903552>  glitter for dinner has an outfit that says bitch on it now
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): AND it's red 👀👀👀
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O.O I need for cheerleader Raven lmfao
