meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): <@!386874959009415170> I have shitty vision as well as astigmatism, I get all my contacts from Honeycolor! If your looking for red I highly recommend the dolly eyed line! Also I’ve found if you order your prescription .5 higher then normal it helps adjust for the astigmatism
Jess (whoozica): That's what my doctor did
Erik (slendergiant): Grazie!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO I think I mighhhhttt have an idea/a line up for Katsu finally set??
Georgia (Something Sensible): its only october but at the same time, ME AS FUCK lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like I feel like so many people already have a line up set and I'm like... how?? XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mine is only rough but it's also mostly being set by what others are doing XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): lmao mood
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have one slot open on saturday and i dont have a formal ball idea set yet
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma just decide last minute what I am doing to the ball XD 
~~probs will also be based off what most of ya'll are doing~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~mood~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have rwby and nier on friday, fallout and something saturday, and persona on sunday
Georgia (Something Sensible): that saturday something looks like itll be BNHA
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause otherwise it was gonna be an armor build thats frankly too big for katsu so soon lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mine so far is looking to be... 
Thurs: ???
Fri: Raven Branwen and Denki Kaminari
Sat: Ichigo (uniform) and Shinoa Higari (if can get done/afford)
Sun: Fem! Sun Wukong (imma freeze but want more use out of)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was originally gonna do Denki on Sunday but Jamie reminded me she has to paint herself pink for Mina and that's too much to do for the last day so we moved it to a day wear she can do 2 pink people and be that color all day lolXD
Georgia (Something Sensible): hmmmm i think BNHA is gonna find its way into my line up
Georgia (Something Sensible): id wanna do ochakos hero outfit
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~do it~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): but also i want the gym outfit and then to BEAT HER UP
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OHH YOO THAT'D BE DOPE
Georgia (Something Sensible): like from the tournament fight against bakugo?
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i want to beat her up_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes 🙌
Georgia (Something Sensible): so maybe my line up will be rwby/nier, fallout/my hero, and persona
Georgia (Something Sensible): so assuming im in hero suit ochako for saturday.... possible formal ball ochako?
Georgia (Something Sensible): otherwise BACK 2 PYRRHA BOIS
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes! 
I've been debating on doing Formal Denki XD But also kinda want to do a formal Shinoa Hiragi 🤔
Georgia (Something Sensible): gotta see what the SQUADS up to
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Agreed XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I feel most will be BNHA or RWBY so it'll probs be one of those XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): depending on when people do my hero i may flip my nier and BNHA
Georgia (Something Sensible): also depending on tom and jess' schedule
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~will have to remember how to tie a tie if do formal Denki RIP. But thankfully I got 2 bois in my room that can help if I do lol__
Georgia (Something Sensible): praise
Marisa (Weeb): katsu plans OwO
Georgia (Something Sensible): marisa do you know when you and jess are coordinating mystic mess?
Georgia (Something Sensible): i assume shes making minas hero outfit for katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): so somewhere in the line up is mystic mess and mina
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO Marisa are you gonna be back for Katsu??
Marisa (Weeb): yeah!! <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> 
I dunno when we're doing mystic mess 🤔 I thought the ball was gonna be on friday but you mentioned it was saturday so that messed up any concrete plans i had. maybe mystic mess will be friday? or saturday morn?
Marisa (Weeb): ~~i'm aiming for like 3 costumes a day hh~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye they moved the ball oof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn over achiever XD
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): lol I'm setting myself up for failure with my current Katsu lineup
Georgia (Something Sensible): it used to be friday but its been saturday the last two years
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thats a lot of costumes in one day.
And lol how so Monica?
Marisa (Weeb): naw 3 is a reasonable amount <:lenny:456549338026344489> it's just difficult on sunday, usually i can only pull off one or two on sundays
Georgia (Something Sensible): 3 is reasonable, morning, afternoon, night
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): as  of right now I'm planning on doing 6 cosplays for Katsu
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I'm gonna die
Georgia (Something Sensible): 6 NEW cosplays?
Georgia (Something Sensible): as in MAKING them???? oh gURL
Marisa (Weeb): gurl u fine u can do it 🌟
Marisa (Weeb): plenty of times
Marisa (Weeb): multiple months
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): 4 new and 2 kinda revamped
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Dammnnn girl XD
I am doing 3 new...? Which is already 2 too many XD oops
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What is yo planning gurl? OwO
Marisa (Weeb): does anyone want to enter the hall contest because i'm gonna do that but waiting in line is really boring
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dont even know what rwby cosplay im doing, it depends on how the new volume goes
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): what day?
Georgia (Something Sensible): maybe pyrrha, but im feelin a little yang-y
Rebecca (madameterralupus): lmfao if I was better at making shit i.e. sewing I would but RIP 
And lol all Monica. What new ones are ya doing??
Marisa (Weeb): saturday if the ball is on saturday because i wanna make katarina and wear her to the ball. might enter ray but i'll probably get too lazy on the crafting for him.
Marisa (Weeb): u can do it!!!!
Marisa (Weeb): monica share ur new costume deets 🙏
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): cheerleader Salem, Captain Marvel, Hiccup, and Loki
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Noice~
Marisa (Weeb): cheerleader salem hehehe
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): its gonna be so cutee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wish I could join in as cheerleader Salem but I already got so much on my plate D: Some other timmmeee
Georgia (Something Sensible): CAPTAIN MARVEL OH HELL YE
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): she's mah bae
Marisa (Weeb): i've been ordering materials online and getting them delivered at home so that when i get back i can immediately get to work on katsu costumes. i dunno exactly when i get back yet but it'll probably be only two weeks or so before the con so imma rush to get the fabric and then it's cronch time
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): damn good luck girl
Georgia (Something Sensible): HMMM if i host a BNHA pajama party..... i may die
Marisa (Weeb): [gasp] do it but in an unstressful way that doesn't put any pressure on yourself
Georgia (Something Sensible): _no such thing_
Georgia (Something Sensible): that fandom is _lorge_
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): noooooo it won't let me put the e on the end
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): XDXDXD
Marisa (Weeb): i know discord sucks
Marisa (Weeb): waitin' for black friday so i can get them discount lace front wigs <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Same! Except for not on wigs. For on costumes~
Marisa (Weeb): ooo yeah miccostumes usually has good sales
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm. I plan to get my BNHA uniform from there soo waiting to see if they put it on sale anymore lol. Alsoo may see if I can score any other costumes I want in the future on sale.
I got my Blake from them last year for like $40 something?
Marisa (Weeb): i could probably use a cheap wig and that would be better, since i have to burn it anyway to style it, but the name brand wigs just look nicer ;-;
Marisa (Weeb): pssh don't even need a wig for this style
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ What I look like in the morning when my hair was long XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): SO I was thinking of bad valentines to give out at Katsu as my characters.... and what if I made some that said "You're electrifying" and handed them out as Denki to other BNHA chara's XDD
Marisa (Weeb): a card that's empty except for this inside
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YES
Georgia (Something Sensible): ooo theres already a pj party my hero at katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://www.facebook.com/events/280614395850397/
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I am already checked as interested lmfao WAT~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): now why is it 12 noon
Georgia (Something Sensible): i do not know
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O.o weird lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): guess my friday night is gonna be rwby pajamas then yeet
Georgia (Something Sensible): maybe both
Georgia (Something Sensible): ill be the mastermind like marisa
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!245270932602486784> so you’re doing a completely new A2, ochako, fallout prop, and potential v5 Yang. Dat’ll be something. (If Tom and Jess do their yukata Nier to the ball you could do formal Nier with them rather than Pyrrha)
Marisa (Weeb): How long is Jess’s skirt on the yukata 2b? It might be too short for formal 🙀
Marisa (Weeb): I can’t remember if it’s long or knee length
Jess (whoozica): I did read all dis, but yea my skirt is too short it's like mid  thigh,. Shorter than regular 2b
Marisa (Weeb): Cute photo idea though: 9s tying back 2bs sleeves so she can fite
Marisa (Weeb): Without cutting her sleeves
Marisa (Weeb): Jess what day you wanna do mystic mess at Katsu? Do you have any preference at this time
Jess (whoozica): I don't think so! I don't have any solid-solid plans probably gonna do bnha for one of the photoshoots, either Friday's or Saturday's  but yea nothing is concrete yet I was mostly just gonba see when friends are doing coordinate cosplays and bandwagon 😅
Marisa (Weeb): It don’t have to be set in stone. Oo sweet. 
I started thinking maybe Friday so I could do Corn the same day since they both have white hair and I wouldn’t have to recolor my eyebrows but I’d still have to go from pathetic attempt at masculine makeup to feminine makeup so could be any day probs
Jess (whoozica): Oooo that's a good point 🤔 do you have other things you def wanna do certain days?
Marisa (Weeb): I have a ton of stuff I’d like to wear but not enough time to wear em all at one con ;u;
Katarina and Ray are definites, Corn is a high contender, I was also considering doing an idol day but さー... idk
Marisa (Weeb): Do I bring multiple Thursday costumes <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Jess (whoozica): Okey dokey, well lemme check out when different photoshoots and frens are planning stuff are being planned and we'll figure out something 👌
Jess (whoozica): And no mawisa don't stress yourself
Marisa (Weeb): *i live for the cos*
Erik (slendergiant): Anyone have experience removing pockets from clothes (e.g. breast pockets from a shirt) and know 1) how bad the remaining stitch holes are and 2) if there's any way to make them "blend" back in with the shirt?
Marisa (Weeb): There’s a stitch to make stuff blend in. I can look up an example when I get home in like 45 minutes
Marisa (Weeb): OH I could do Kotomi from clannad since I’m bringing my violin! I just have to redo the patch since Fuko is a different grade than kotomi is
Jess (whoozica): So many options
Marisa (Weeb): Do you have a pic of the pocket
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Blindstitch it. It still might be noticable though depending on the fabric
Erik (slendergiant): https://www.dickies.com/dw/image/v2/AAYI_PRD/on/demandware.static/-/Sites-master-catalog-dickies/default/dw9f3fb5d5/images/main/1574_DS_FR.jpg?sw=1563&sh=2000&sm=fit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh you might just be able to seam rip those off
Erik (slendergiant): That's what I was planning, I just wasn't sure if the seam holes would be noticeable after and if there was a way to make them less noticeable. I looked it up and someone said that usually washing it a few times worked for them?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea washing or if you can iron it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Put it in the dryer on high heat
Marisa (Weeb): Ooo the pocket is on the outside. 
Instead of a seam ripper use cuticle scissors and pick out the threads then definitely iron the spot
Marisa (Weeb): The fabric looks pretty thick so the holes shouldn’t be too obstructive?
Erik (slendergiant): I'm looking for a base for a new Taiyang shirt. I might have found one without pockets ~~and snaps instead of buttons~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea you can seam rip it off. Usually pocket stitch holes aren't too noticeable. At least the ones i ripped off arent. ~~and I've ripped off a variety of pockets lol~~
Marisa (Weeb): Madame terra “pocket ripper” lupus. That’s what they call you on the streets.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😏 dat me~ lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I made a ton of winter Avatar Korea hoodies back in the day so I had to rip a *ton* of pockets off 😂
Marisa (Weeb): What day of Katsu is the homestuck day
ZombieHunter: No
Erik (slendergiant): Wednesday
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We all wear it to school or work the day before 😂 full body paint and all
Marisa (Weeb): remember promstucks. those were the days.
ZombieHunter: Okay but
ZombieHunter: The PA or the NYC ones
ZombieHunter: The NYCstucks rented actual venues and held full blown proms
ZombieHunter: Like. Flowers. Decor. Everything.
Marisa (Weeb): i went to the PA ones but yeah those NYC went hardcore with tickets and everything
ZombieHunter: Yeah we did
ZombieHunter: B)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I recall them but was never a part of them. I was only in he homestuck fandom for a very sma time. I never even finished the comics 😂
Marisa (Weeb): u poor thing
quick go read it now
ZombieHunter: 2013-end for me
ZombieHunter: HOMESTUCK IS MY FAVORITE ANIME
ZombieHunter: >.>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~wow I can type~~
And lol eh xD I barely read into it at all. I never even got to the trolls 😂
Marisa (Weeb): i noticed it was everything at an animeUSA i went to so i read it when i got home and that was right before cascade came out
ZombieHunter: ....
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm tempted to try reading it again just cause but ehhh xD
ZombieHunter: Marisa how often do you do AUSA
ZombieHunter: Cuz it sounds to me like
ZombieHunter: We’ve met
Erik (slendergiant): I think I got 2 pages in and was like, *"You know what? This is not for me."*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^
ZombieHunter: You know
Marisa (Weeb): cascade crashed newgrounds hehehe that was fun
only every few years, i don't get every year but i've gone several times.
possibly? :0 🤔
ZombieHunter: I said that the first time
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I got confused by most of it. 😂 I was like wtf... I got to the mafia like characters and then forgot to continue it lol
ZombieHunter: LOOK AT MY SON
ZombieHunter: listen
Marisa (Weeb): i also occasionally do NYCC and CPAC but every single year i do at least kotoricon, katsucon, zenkaikon, and otakon. have stuck to that for 8 or 9 years now
ZombieHunter: I love him
Marisa (Weeb): hE IS PURE
ZombieHunter: hE IS TRYING
ZombieHunter: aND IS ALLERGIC TO CATA
ZombieHunter: }:)
Marisa (Weeb): did you ever go to phillystuck
ZombieHunter: Yes
ZombieHunter: With Maureen
ZombieHunter: And Dax
Marisa (Weeb): we have probably met
Marisa (Weeb): the power of homestuck brings us together
Marisa (Weeb): i have the memory of a goldfish
Marisa (Weeb): that's me i was weird and annoying
Marisa (Weeb): still am <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Marisa (Weeb): AND ONCE AT OTAKON a girl recognized me from like 5 years ago at a phillystuck meetup it was intense
Georgia (Something Sensible): are we dropping old sin in this chat?
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): _have a good one_
Marisa (Weeb): if i put liquid latex over my eyebrows will i lose my eyebrows removing the latex
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Isn't there a way to remove it that won't involve that? (asking for science)
Marisa (Weeb): i would assume lots of time, water, and makeup/latex remover? as long as you maybe glue and powder your eyebrows first? maybe?
Marisa (Weeb): WAX
Evie (Katheryne Knight): oof
I just know I have a huge issue with the glue method with eyebrows so I'm trying to find alternatives
Marisa (Weeb): same. even if the glue is fully dry it comes off when makeup is applied over it. wax might work though
Mark (Mad Doctor): I covered part of my beard with liquid latex when I did The Hound. Most follicles held firm
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah that's my big issue with the glue is unless you have the time and patients, it's hard to pull off.

So doing my bfs make up is a nightmare because he's super fidgety cause of his ADHD. I've thought about investing in a fidget cube so he won't move so much but it's painful. Half the reason he gave in on waxing his brows XD
Marisa (Weeb): ooo i don't mean waxing your brows, i mean like putting wax over the brows! like, the stuff people use to make fake scars and whatnot
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh yeah I know XD I wouldn't ever wax his whole brows off like jeesus
Marisa (Weeb): ooooo phew i thought maybe he was super hardcore and like. "i stand stand the glue *just shave it all off.*
ZombieHunter: Oh you know Dave
ZombieHunter: Not just Dave
ZombieHunter: THE Dave
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nooooo no no no Like, I've waxed his eyebrows just to shape them up.
ZombieHunter: Also hai
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But depending on the character I might have to do the glue method.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Fidget cubes are neat. A pen is more fun though.
Marisa (Weeb): THE Dave™? :0
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): A bunch of the things on the cube don’t make noise to be friendly to people around you but the noise is actually the fun part.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I may have backed the original Kickstarter~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Ok guys I need help. I’m sewing a stretch pleather and my machine keeps skipping stitches. I’ve tried adjusting the size of the stich to make it bigger and then didn’t do anything. Any ideas as to what’s going wrong?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): are you using a teflon foot?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or a walking foot?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Ughhhhhhhh the regular one??
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’m sorry I know absolutely nothing about sewing. I literally make shit up as I go
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nope ok, so pleather sticks to the regular foot, i recomend using shitty toilet paper as a barrier, or slapping some baby powder on the pleather
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Ok I’ll try that! Thank yous!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it skips stitches because its sticking to the metal foot, tugging it and causing a skipped stitch. pleather is a pain in the ass and i hate it.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good luck!
Erik (slendergiant): ~~that's why my pleather is held together with super glue~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~ i handsewed my friends entire blake coat because my machine couldnt handle pleather ~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~my fingers literally bled~~
Erik (slendergiant): Although with how minimal sewing would be needed for Tai's vest, I might be able to hand sew that. I'm just nervous about sewing with pleather because my mom would kill me if I fucked up her machine 🙃
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~if you want you can use my sewing machine. Idc if it gets fucked up cause I never use it anyways~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): This is the first pleather my machine didn’t like. The thiner (cheaper) stuff was fine but the stuff I’m using currently is yaya Hans stretch pleather and my machine just refuses to sew it
Erik (slendergiant): Looks like you need someone to give you a han with that
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Erik I swear to god
Erik (slendergiant): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Erik (slendergiant): ya, ya, I know my puns are terrible
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Jesus christ you did it again
