Erik (Red Riot Thot): A'ight worbla users, what's the best way to go about using it?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like I already formed this part with foam but I'm thinking maybe I should have worbla'd it first?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I usually just shape the foam and then layer the worbla over it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's how I did my predator armor
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Did you use hot glue or contact cement to glue the darts together
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Contact cement
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Ok good. I personally prefer the fold over method with worbla, it wastes less that way. Basically just cut the worbla to be a bit bigger (an inch around or so) then the foam. Heat up the worbla and then lay it over top the foam. Go slow and if heat bubbles form that’s fine- they’re easy to sand/dremel out!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Literally just go slow, if the worbla misforms, gets cold or air bubbles- just let it cool completely and reheat and you’ll be able to smooth it out
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Sweet
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thanks!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): No problem!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): YA DID IT!!!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): SO PROUD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 😁
Mark (Mad Doctor): Looks good!
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof that boi SMOOTH
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Looks great!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@327835140216586242> <@334090409389195266> do you sand it to get it smooth before painting or does your shit just get smooth from layers of paint?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I haven't used the regular worbla but I hard wood glue makes it smooth?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm a lazy mf and never stand anything lmao.. I just layer different primers Nd paint
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): My top coat is always automotive enamel, which really smooths it out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol a mood. I think for Black worbla you're to sand it still some and I'm just like nah xD
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I use black worbla because the surface is smoother then the finest art. You can sand the surface if you want but tbh once there’s plastidip and a couple layers of paint over top you won’t be able to tell a difference
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Rolled edges 😎
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Noice! It's looking really good so far
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thanks
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> It looks like my Shinoa cosplay is in NY so hopefully she arrives in the next few days! ~~and fits...~~
Tom (tomukuncosplay): What material did you use for the edges?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Craft foam
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I tried doing it with worbla but it wasn't working right and I didn't want to waste it lol
Tom (tomukuncosplay): It's not bad! Did you melt the foam or just wrap and glue it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Wrap and glue
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I glued a little fold on the foam first, then glued that to the topand wrapped the rest underneath
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Nice! Came out good!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thanks dood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 8
