Rebecca (madameterralupus): I want to start working on my Shinoa scythe in the next few weeks... any of ya'll who have worked with EVA foam, where do you buy it at??
Jess (whoozica): TNT cosplay supplies
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do they sell different sizes? Cause I need like decent sized thick foam XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay ignore that I see they do... now to figure out the thickness sizing cause uhh O.o wat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Soooo... does anyone know how long coat tails are supposed to be on menswear
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think they can vary in lengths don't they? Just depends
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like a tux with coattails?
Halim (Greg) (jake): depends on the type of coat
Halim (Greg) (jake): for simple suits there can be a slight split at the end , but there shouldn't really be much of a tail at all, 
the typical tuxedos (that have them) tend to have short ones that (if the tux ends around waistline) go to like upper half of buttox
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's like FULL ON coat tails
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Please hold
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They are currently very long and cumbersome
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Butt Wings :p
Jess (whoozica): You look fancy af tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Butt Cape, but not for rwby????
Marisa (Weeb): Tails are traditionally to the top of the knees but also can super vary
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ye so I ended up going with like right below knee length and they look pretty good owo
you want fucking rwby chibi?: arda backorder is Going to kill me
Jamie (Jamie): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that's pretty 😮
you want fucking rwby chibi?: funky
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hey <@!245270932602486784> what thickness of foam do you use for your Pyrrha sword? For the base? How many layers? I have 4mm and 6mm so I was gonna play around with some stuff while I wait for Chris to get back from something.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ~~even though I should be working on Summer A C K~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): So basically I sandwiched a thin piece of craft foam between two 6 mm thick pieces
Georgia (Something Sensible): So that the thin piece becomes the blade
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOOOOG OKAY
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I see
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Y'ALL, FUR SUCKS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Matt (mattmyers25): Qrow cosplay is on its way
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I have an appreciation for furries strictly based on their ability to do fur like *that*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Welcome to cosplay crafting; where everything sucks and there's no point.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I fucked up and now have to seam rip over a foot of stitching...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oof.....
Erik (Red Riot Thot): OK FIXED IT AND IT LOOKS NOT BAD?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Next question is should I keep it as is, or add trim to the front edges leading up to the belt buckle?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Maybe pin the trim up the edge and see how it looks? That way you’ll know what it looks like before you commit to either one
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Tru...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Oooooo I really like it with the extra trim!!!!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Same
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Very Santa
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I like the look of the fur going all the way around the edges! 🤗
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Much manly
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just will require more suffering 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Welcome to cosplay 💕
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^ yup
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thanks, I hate it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~not really tho~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): ~~gatta be at least a little bit of a masochist to be a cosplayer TBH~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *A jammed sewing machine just gets me so hot*
Dizzy: http://i.imgur.com/lZHU1hr.jpg
Jess (whoozica): !lewd
Jess (whoozica): *dizzy no*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BACKFIRED
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Jess, confirming masochism == cosplay.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): First one done
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I messed up after sewing one side of it on and had to rip it all out and start again, and then my bobbin ran out of thread halfway through the second side, but I finally got it 😫
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): PROUD OF YOU
