Erik (Red Riot Thot): Someone in Zonbie's Discord made Ashe's gun and I am shooketh
you want fucking rwby chibi?: hot
Jess (whoozica): Ngl, thought this was a vacuum
Jamie (Jamie): Posting in case anyone hasnt seen this
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Weeb): i have my goods in my cart owo
ready to refresh at 2pm
their costumes are usually pretty alright
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm literally sitting here waiting for it to drop 😂
Jamie (Jamie): Hoping the bnha uniform is 8ncluded
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Same!!! And season 4 Blake xD
Marisa (Weeb): season 1 blake is $16 OwO
Marisa (Weeb): and hana is $11
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I already have it xD I got it last year!
Marisa (Weeb): you're so early you're 1 year ahead of us omg
Jamie (Jamie): XD
Marisa (Weeb): tHE WEBSITE ISN"T LOADING screams are there too many people on it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah I just tried too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): FUUU
Marisa (Weeb): they have 3 minutes to fix this
Jamie (Jamie): Wait so is the sale at midnight or noon?? You confusing me what is happening
Rebecca (madameterralupus): NOOO DAMMIT I NEED IT TO LOAD.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It drops at midnight. in 3 mins XD
Marisa (Weeb): it's at 2pm for me which is midnight for you
but it looks like there are different times different items go on sale?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Marisa is on Japan time Jamie lol~
Marisa (Weeb): even the mobile site is down this is a travesty
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887>
Marisa (Weeb): IT BACK
Marisa (Weeb): SLOW BUT BACK
Jamie (Jamie): Ack
Rebecca (madameterralupus): >.> I needs it to load to see if I wanna get anything before I got to bed acckk
Marisa (Weeb): AND IT'S GONE AGAIN
Marisa (Weeb): i'm sure if i keep hitting F5 repeatedly and visiting it on multiple devices it will come back sooner and not cause more issues for the server
Jamie (Jamie): This site not properly worki g is killing me
Marisa (Weeb): i made it to the cart
then i couldn't log in <:rip:378273525804433408>
Marisa (Weeb): the miccostumes website right now
https://media.giphy.com/media/106sef1iucBY52/200.gif
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof is it really that bad
Georgia (Something Sensible): i didnt need to order anything _but what it i did_
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i at least wanna see whats on sale yknow
Georgia (Something Sensible): im getting my ochako contacts 50% off at least
you want fucking rwby chibi?: oh funky
you want fucking rwby chibi?: hhhh i should try to get things while on sale,,
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Same. That's what I mostly wanna do too. See whats on sale D: so then I can decide if there's anything I want then move on XD
Jamie (Jamie): Same i just want k ow if what i want is on sale xD
Marisa (Weeb): [hacker voice] i'm in
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i loaded the page but its in french— georgia? <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Me too!
And oof WAT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): French?! O.o
Georgia (Something Sensible): >o> i am useful
Marisa (Weeb): they have uhhhh
hana and blake which i'm getting
ladybug, allura but there's only 1
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 
Marisa (Weeb): WHAT the costume just jumped $20 in price excuse u
you want fucking rwby chibi?: french!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am in... but oof it's soo slow... dammit.
Marisa (Weeb): now i have to get it out of my cart because it's like $35 and not 11. rude.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): $35 is *too damn much* XD
Marisa (Weeb): ^^^^
for that price i'll just make it pssh
Jamie (Jamie): Lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What costume was it?
Marisa (Weeb): Moods
Marisa (Weeb): the fire emblem hana
Jamie (Jamie): https://goo.gl/images/hcfywR
you want fucking rwby chibi?: something about this doesnt seem right ~~but the picture isnt loading |||~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Season 4 Blake is on sale... but not by much 🤔 do I still get it and save an extra $20 in the end run??
Marisa (Weeb): how much is she?
Georgia (Something Sensible): why are the prices jumping up again?
Marisa (Weeb): miccostumes hates us
Jamie (Jamie): https://thumbs.gfycat.com/DenseSelfishBlackbird-small.gif
Rebecca (madameterralupus): $69 something down from like $84 originally??
Marisa (Weeb): by the time i get in i bet volume 1 blake is gonna be like $80 again
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 69 <:eyeslowkey:439577597983064084>
Jamie (Jamie): This is craziness wtf xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Season 1 Weiss is on sale 👀 maybe I'll get that too since I already have her wig hmm*
Marisa (Weeb): it's like in-person black friday shopping but without being literally crushed to death
Georgia (Something Sensible): do the prices go back up as people buy? wtf
Marisa (Weeb): ye
Marisa (Weeb): i think so
Marisa (Weeb): for some costumes definitely i didn't think for all of them though
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ooof it wasn't this much of a mess last year but I didn't do it right when it dropped either XD
Marisa (Weeb): ya what the fudge hana is $37 now not $11
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O.o
Marisa (Weeb): their sale was much better last year
Georgia (Something Sensible): _ooooh the site where i get my nerdy tshirts is 40% off_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I am going to end up spending more than I planned too... oops~~
Marisa (Weeb): i can't get hana out of my cart to purchase blake <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): NANI?!
Jamie (Jamie): Can someone tell me if the winter bnha uniform is on sale or not ;u;
Marisa (Weeb): i didn't see it, i only saw cheerleading
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I saw the boys was but didn't see the girls
Marisa (Weeb): but you can get it for ~$20 on alie
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ I am getting mine from here and Jamie I think was planning on getting it from same site so we match well lol
Marisa (Weeb): shipping is $20 excuse me?
Jamie (Jamie): Oooh? <@169297844874903552> maybe we try from there to be matchy? XD
Jamie (Jamie): I just dont like paying 50 bucks lmao
Marisa (Weeb): oh ok cheaper shipping is $7 and very tiny button
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've never purchased from Allieexpress.... and I worry on sizing cause it's been a big issue for me lately :X
Marisa (Weeb): oo i purchase from alie a ton, you can get crafting supplies dirt cheap. just check the seller's ratings. out of hundreds of purchases i've only been ripped off 2 times
Jamie (Jamie): Yea it does worry me from the china sites since to them XL is like medium maybe sometime slmao
Marisa (Weeb): can't even checkout now smh
Marisa (Weeb): and the japanese twitter keeps putting out ads for more people to visit the website. stop that.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): >Me: Imma try to cosplay some new things aside from RWBY that's like 90% what I cosplay anymore...I need to branch out
> Also me:  Already has 2 RWBY cosplays in my cart XDD
Jamie (Jamie): If anyone is interested this site i camr accross is doing free wig with cosplay purchase for league kpop set
Georgia (Something Sensible): ooh honeycolor is slowing down too
Jamie (Jamie): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!155492347122155520> ^^ You wanted to know if they were having a sale?! THERE YA GO BOIIII
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thats EZCosplay right Jamie??
Jamie (Jamie): Yes
you want fucking rwby chibi?: "The earlier you buy, the bigger discount you can enjoy." i dont like that
Marisa (Weeb): WOO I DID IT
Marisa (Weeb): blake for $19 because apparently i had $4 credit from last year's black friday
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dont like that policy either
Rebecca (madameterralupus): >.< I can't get anything to load properly dammit
Jamie (Jamie): Oh shit *im in*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have the 3 costumes I want but pages keep crashing and won't let me add stuff to cart ugh
you want fucking rwby chibi?: theyd make more money if they had,, stable sale prices, all day, so people can buy when theres....... less traffic and the pages can load
Jamie (Jamie): ...i clicked and site was gone again da fuq
Jamie (Jamie): Its back *will this last*
you want fucking rwby chibi?: nope
Marisa (Weeb): yeah. all their stuff is based in china though so they're probably trying just trying to get money as quick as possible, i had to deal with their customer service who was lovely but a bit difficult
Jamie (Jamie): Some of the limited sales are kinda sad tho?
Marisa (Weeb): when i bought corn (who was way cheaper last year) they sent me two left leg pieces instead of a left and a right one
Marisa (Weeb): YEAH honestly their "only 1 available!" stuff was kind of pathetic for the limited quantity
Georgia (Something Sensible): ok honeycolors fucked, it wont you order without logging in, and wont let people log in
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I got Blake added to the cart but it accidentally added 2 cause the button wasnt working. FUCK XD~~
Jamie (Jamie): Also ezcostumes the winter uniform is currently 44 bucks and the summer one is 31 with their current sales
Marisa (Weeb): double blake
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've never bought from them 🤔 have any of you?
Marisa (Weeb): i've heard questionable stuff about ezcostumes but it was years ago so idk how they are now
Jamie (Jamie): I havent hell this uniform will be the first cosplay that i buy and not make
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I know Matt bought from them recently for his DarliFa Uniform and said the butt area fit weird sooo makes me weary XD
Marisa (Weeb): i was gonna go to school early to stop by that tenjin shrine from noragami and pray i don't fail my finals next week but i think i'm gonna snoop black friday sales instead. it's a holiday anyway so everywhere's gonna be packed.
Georgia (Something Sensible): honeycolors site is so fucked cries i just want brown eyes
Marisa (Weeb): swap with me i'll lend u my eyes if you don't mind having atrocious vision
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> I can't get second Blake removed from my cart ahhh nuuu... I only need 1
Marisa (Weeb): amazon is giving me black friday sales for gardening stuff and i just realized it was because i was looking up hoses as skirt material the other week
Marisa (Weeb): miccostumes pls
Georgia (Something Sensible): this is very not fun
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I thought black friday shopping from my bed would be V nice and easy...so far I am VERY wrong XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): most people go out and buy a television like nah
Georgia (Something Sensible): im trying to buy eyes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Im trying to by RWBY waifu outfits XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And possibly Matthew a Qrow coat if he'd ressssppoonnnddd
Marisa (Weeb): my sister would bring me to walmart after thanksgiving dinner because i'm the smallest and most agile in the family and too unconfrontational to say no. she gave us lists.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I had to fully delete Blake from my cart and now the page wont load dammit T_T I just wanna be my girl to have the accurate matching outfit to all ya'll others lol~~
Marisa (Weeb): OH NO
Marisa (Weeb): prayer circle it loads
Jamie (Jamie): I just had a thought. *arda wigs*
you want fucking rwby chibi?: oh boy
Marisa (Weeb): it's the same discount as their election day sale
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Don't even remind me of them D: I wanna get some wigs from them too but moniesss ACK
Georgia (Something Sensible): arda isnt great yet, i just looked
Georgia (Something Sensible): they threw a couple things into "discontinued" so theyre 30% off but thats it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Matt and I planned to do the duo purchase to get freebies again but idk if imma be able too T_T
Georgia (Something Sensible): _brown eyes acquired_
Marisa (Weeb): i wonder what rightstuf has <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Weeb): why is american manga so expensive
Marisa (Weeb): most expensive manga here is like $6
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Weeb): so arda is doing a saw-style torture game to make you unlock their deals
Marisa (Weeb): y'all can stop shopping now i found the best deal
https://www.rightstufanime.com/Edu-Manga-Mother-Teresa-Manga
Jamie (Jamie): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ozai cosplay WHEN?!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO Jamie! Make Jason dye his beard and do Ozai XDD
Marisa (Weeb): "no fire lord ozai YOU'RE not wearing pants"
Jamie (Jamie): Omg no xD mainly cuz nu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~But he would be so good at it XD~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): i feel surprisingly like i have nothing to buy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): To those that fuck around with your contact prescriptions to accommodate for your astigmatism ( <@327835140216586242> <@351471675843411978> ) hope do you do that?
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i won 100 dollars today my brain should want to spend it_
you want fucking rwby chibi?: spend it on meeeee /joke
Georgia (Something Sensible): rei do you know if five wits is doing discounts
Georgia (Something Sensible): i wanna get my ochako wig from there
Georgia (Something Sensible): its just my ochako wig and contacts that i really wanna buy tonight, i havent figured out gifts yet for people, and i dont need to buy anymore cosplay lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I too don't need to buy anymore cosplay yet here I am.... oops~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): im mostly just looking at stuff ill need for that katsuCRUNCH
you want fucking rwby chibi?: they have stuff On sale but idk if its bfri stuff
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Valid lol. Only thing I need for Katsu crunch is BNHA uniform. Buuutt I do wanna try to do Seas4 Blake to Zenkai~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i need So Much for catra, and looking at arda is making me wanna finally get the wig/s i need for alex so im hhhhh
Jamie (Jamie): it doesnt look like black friday sale stuff *looking at five wigs since curious*
Jamie (Jamie): Also ima fangirl a bit when you are catra cuz fuck yes
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ;D
you want fucking rwby chibi?: im Planning to do her all day and for the formal, so 🤞🏽 qish me luck cause i gotta make both outfitsssss
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Guys should I buy an England cosplay and relive my Hetalia days XDD~~
Jamie (Jamie): Definitely good luck but in sure you can do it we are cosplayers and we make shit work out in the end
Marisa (Weeb): yes
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽
Jamie (Jamie): I've now diverted to eBay sales cuz why not
you want fucking rwby chibi?: also why would you curse yourself like that,
Marisa (Weeb): mitubado has an america jacket i was eyeing
Marisa (Weeb): man miccostumes is still not loading
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's loaded for me but being verrryy laggy
Jamie (Jamie): So this one site i found is so sketchy mainly when i saw this gem set
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): Same costume 1 dollar difference different colors what
Marisa (Weeb): they be stealin' <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Jamie (Jamie): Is it free then?
Marisa (Weeb): 👀
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *See price at checkout*
Jamie (Jamie): 😂😂😂<:rip:378273525804433408>
Jamie (Jamie): Wtf
Jamie (Jamie): I am high on Vicodin leave me be haha
Jamie (Jamie): Hi im getting oral surgery in the coming weeks dont mind me lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Howmst da fuq did 4 Weiss outfits just get added to my cart XDD
Marisa (Weeb): vol 4 weiss got confused into weiss 4
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think the add to cart button is super laggy? CK
Jamie (Jamie): Also thelat console is down to 379 in cost
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Fuck these 3 costumes are going to end up taking my entire paycheck and I really can't validate that...~~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: FUCK
you want fucking rwby chibi?: the wig i was gonna use to style catra _is on backorder_
you want fucking rwby chibi?: so's one of the wigs for oxenfreef but at least the one i need to be Recognised isnt
Georgia (Something Sensible): ive literally stopped using arda cause everythings on backorder
Georgia (Something Sensible): their quality isnt so good that im just gonna wit
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ttdeye is also doing a pretty good sale on contacts btw
Jamie (Jamie): Arda is just to expensive to me I am hard pressed to spend more than 25 on a wig tbh
you want fucking rwby chibi?: thats fai
you want fucking rwby chibi?: r
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Slowly deletes bnha uniform cause it's not really that much on sale from the discount its been on for a while.... maybe I can convince my momma to get me it >.>~~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i have things picked out specifically for things via arda tho bc of their colour selection so im. ill justdie
Marisa (Weeb): arda wrote something like "250 discontinued wigs!" but like........... that sounds awful. that's 250 wigs you're never gonna produce again why are you advertising them
you want fucking rwby chibi?: like for oxenfreed i have the ponytails and im just missing the base wigs so. i cant rly get them anywhere else if i wanna colour match
and catra i already picked out colours
you want fucking rwby chibi?: also yeah i agree like. why are they happy about this
you want fucking rwby chibi?: hello? arda? why are you killing people?
Marisa (Weeb): ^^^^
YEAH THAT
Marisa (Weeb): look at these 450 items we're never selling agian!
Jamie (Jamie): Wtf not fair why cant the give extra discount on the girls bnha winter uniform too wtf
Jamie (Jamie): *burns miccostumes sales people*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay I need some thoughts before I check out:
Do I get Season 4 Blake whomst is like $15 off... or do I wait on her and get some other costumes that are on more of a better sale like bnha uniform, fallout suit, Ladybug or 🤷
Georgia (Something Sensible): hmmm but you def plan to be blake?
Jamie (Jamie): And when do you plan to do the other ones also (i know when for bnha obvs but you get what I'm saying)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Deff. She's the RWBY cosplay I plan to go to a lot coming up since she's who I originally planned when got into the series 
Fallout and Ladybug are ones I'd like to do some day maybe but not a major 🤔
Georgia (Something Sensible): id say go with blake then
Georgia (Something Sensible): as tempted as i am to say to cosplay fallout with me asap lo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Someday I will do Fallout with you. And I'll drag the other person I know who is planning to cosplay from it with us lol~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Good thing I checked arda because there was a wig in a very specific color I wanted for a future cosplay and it's being discontinued and is on sale for like $20 <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Tempted to see if Matt needs an Arda wig so I can get a new Blake wig and we can see what factory wig we get this year lol~~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: im gonna promo kasou wigs real quick but just as Another wig shop bc idk if anything they have on sale rn is useful for any of yall
Marisa (Weeb): omg hypnosis mic wigs
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh I almsot forgot about them! Thanks for the reminder of that company~! 😄 ~~Yeets to go check lol~~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: \o/
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i got my ruby, neo, and chibiusa wigs, and jackie got her emerald from them !
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My Denki and Shinoa wigs are from them and they are V nice quality! It's also really nice you get a wig cap with each wig~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yayaya!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Blake and Weiss have been ordered! <:blake:378261354429153280> <:weiss:378261330903171072>
Marisa (Weeb): and it only took an hour and a half thanks miccostumes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMFAO. I literally just said the same thing to Matt XDD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was like yea the site is being dumb... it took me an hour and a half to buy these damn costumes XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): how much did you end up saving?
Marisa (Weeb): passively aggressively mention that in any post about them
"yeah i got these costumes from this great site! only took 1 1/2 hours!"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Uhhh lemme calculate and I'll let ya know XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They always have stuff on "discount" but calculating from the crossed out prices I saved $92.73! That's before shipping costs.And I saved and extra 3 dollars cause points~
Georgia (Something Sensible): worth it then!
Georgia (Something Sensible): tho i still think thats a dumb way to do discounts
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Finally being my girls! ~~I've had my Weiss wig for a year now lmfao oops~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: _the wig i want for catra wont be restocked til dec/jan :^)_
Marisa (Weeb): does that mean you can't order it for the sale?
you want fucking rwby chibi?: no idea, but i needed to order it sale or not so
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Costumes bought now time to sleep before I work tomorrow~!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hashtag what is this chaos; booking rooms at the Gaylord?
Jess (whoozica): <@386874959009415170>  just up your base prescription by .25 the one on the left is my reg. Contacts the one for colored ones is on the right
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so instead of -1.75 I'd be -1.50?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@!351471675843411978>
Jess (whoozica): Oh ops o said that backwards it would be 2.00
Erik (Red Riot Thot): lol ok xD
Jess (whoozica): The one on left is for colors right is regular
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just got some contacts for Kirishima and Taiyang <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oooo five wits announced free shipping all weekend
Georgia (Something Sensible): _ochako wig here I come_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔 Is 10ft of lights enough to wrap around myself...?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am smol soo... or should I get another box to be safe?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): No, better double it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay so 20ft? XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~omg you're actually serious~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): No, i'm pretty sure 10ft should be plenty
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌 Solid! Start of Christmas Tree Denki Kaminari begins TODAY~! <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤷🏻‍♀️ framing Eric convinced me to get 20ft xD welp....
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’d actually do 20.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Better to have more.
Georgia (Something Sensible): If it were me I’d science the shit out of it and use my bust measurement to take that as the circumference of my body, multiple that by however many times I’m gonna wrap it around, and then convert that to a linear number
Georgia (Something Sensible): BUT math
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Calm down child, we know you’re smart.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Beginnings of Christmas Kiri
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thank you for existing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I got a pack that has a bunch of different holidays (Christmas, Valentine's, Halloween)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It also came with this really gay bracelet
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): this is the greatest thing ive ever seen in my life
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): please insist on one of the bakugous to wear the gay bracelet
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is lissy doing baku too?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Meg and I are doing Kiribaku. I think Lissy is still trying to figure out if she can go but not sure who she'd be going as. Maybe Todoroki? Maybe Bakugo? itisamystery.com
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So <@327835140216586242> if you want the gaycelet, you're more than welcome to it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): meeeeeeeeeeeg we're gonna be baku twins
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But anyway, glad I went out Black Friday shopping because those wreaths were 75% off from $40
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fuck yea black friday!!!!!!!!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I spent so much money today, 100% off it on me and cosplay stuff. Got fabric for both Christmas and regular versions of Kiri's skirt thing, as well as pants and boots for regular Kiri
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): IM SO READY FOR THIS GAYCELET
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): also Lissy is coming!! She’s going to be todohohohoki!
snow ( karma chameleon ): babes 🤩
