Erik (slendergiant): So even though I haven't even finished styling my Kiri wig, I already bought a new one 😅 I got the Kasou one because it looks hella better and will be easier to style. Figure I'd get it now because it said they only had 13 left in stock and wouldn't be getting more in until May
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): A mood
Marisa (Weeb): Do any girls who cosplay guys have tips for looking more masculine aside from padding? I can’t figure out bishounen makeup or poses it is a mystery.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’m just as lost as you are
Marisa (Weeb): Put hips forward. That’s manly I think.
Marisa (Weeb): But then I overarch my back and it looks girly again rip
Erik (slendergiant): Shoulders back, legs apart
Marisa (Weeb): Just start JoJo posing until something works
Jess (whoozica): Man spread
Erik (slendergiant): http://lipstickgiraffe.tumblr.com/post/177524337562/cosplay-posing-reference-sheets
Erik (slendergiant): (stolen from Leanna's Tumblr lol)
Marisa (Weeb): Those are all TOO manly. Too much testosterone. Power stances.  But thank!
Erik (slendergiant): Preposterous amounts of testosterone... *PREPOSTERONE*
Jess (whoozica): dont worry about it too much anime boys are pretty girly
Marisa (Weeb): Does a winky face with heart hands while crossplaying. All the chicks will swoon.
Jess (whoozica): HELL YA
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ve accepted the fact that I’m just going to be a small girliely looking kirishima
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You've seen Mikorin.
Jess (whoozica): your kirishima is great! nothing to worry aboutt
Jess (whoozica): im a 5' 3" girl who has cosplay bois almost 6' height is a lie
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Height- like time- is a construct made up by the government to try to keep people placement
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Erik (slendergiant): Kiri's long lost twin sister
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): That me
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): He’s the hunk
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’m the twins
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Twink*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!351471675843411978> I’m 5’4 and I cosplay women who could step on me 

I think Ochako, Hiyori, and Akane are the only recent cosplays I have that I’m actually their height XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Winter is I think is about my height but she’s like 5’7 with heels on
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm only 5'1 and I cosplay people all over the spectrum from buff, sexy, people who could step on me XD I like never cosplay what I "fit" height/body wise XDD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I think Akane and Minako are about it for me when it comes to height
Jess (whoozica): YEA HEIGHT IS A LIE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OH and Aerith she’s exactly 5’4
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Height isn’t real
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Only character I cosplay height wise kinda accurate to me.. is Edward Elric. And even then he is actually taller then me in canon OOPS XD
Jess (whoozica): Nora is 5'1"!
Jess (whoozica): I dont think i have any coaplys that im dead on the canon height lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Then there’s Chris where he’s 6’1 and he’s gonna be Deku who is like my height
Jess (whoozica): YEA WHOOO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah like I wanna do Soul and Maka with Chris and Soul is 5’5
Erik (slendergiant): There was a time when I jokingly said I would cosplay Mineta *ironically*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!386874959009415170> please don’t put yourself through that hell. It’s not worth the meme XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): tol mineta
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^^
Erik (slendergiant): Hence why I said *jokingly*. I would never
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Agreed with Evie XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I know but Ironically becomes unironically TRUST ME
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YEP
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I IRONICALLY LIKE SHIGARAKI AND NOW LOOK AT ME
Evie (Katheryne Knight): it’s a TRAP
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Did you mean: daddy
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SHSHSHHHHHHHHHHHHHGHGG
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Leanna, doing gods work and trolling people into cosplays.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): God is a woman
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Well low key I only like Shigaraki because Chris does the voice too well and quotes vines IM THE VOICE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He almost killed <@!327835140216586242>
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Ok so since we were talking about this the other day I figured I’d share what I learned while doing kiris makeup tonight
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Drawing your eyebrows heavyset and tilted down gives the impression of a broader/heavier forehead
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I also drew my eyebrows a little bit closer then normal and it gave my forehead a more masculine shape
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Also a light Smokey eye focusing on the outer lid and brow bone gives the “hooded” effect really well and made my eyes look for masculine
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I also contoured the fuck out of my jawline (witch took sometime to get right without making my face look dirty)
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Also brought my nose contour all the way up to my eyebrows
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): A lot happier with how masculine my face looks. I hope this helps anyone else who was having issues with crossplay
Jess (whoozica): good tips! i tried to contour my jawline once but it looks horrible XD plus i have a pretty defined jawline anyway so was like "meh"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nice!
