Mak (hollyjollymak): I've made!! A decision.
Negasonic Teenage Warhead for Halloween
The Leather Jacket Look ™
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yess!!
Mak (hollyjollymak): I'm so hype to see yalls halloween costumes too!!
Matt (mattmyers25): Hmm, I can be ghost Hughes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wow okay Matt.... RUDE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just OUCH
Matt (mattmyers25): I could make an urn
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): <@!386874959009415170>  have you made your kiri mask yet?
Erik (slendergiant): <@!327835140216586242> not the updated one yet. Will probably do that Saturday
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Ok, I’m hoping to finish mine tonight so I was just wondering
Erik (slendergiant): can't wait to see how it turns out!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Let’s hope I don’t fuck it up!
Erik (slendergiant): are you doing magnet attachment like the guy who's gears you based yours on?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): No I don’t have any small enough
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Im just going to use an elastic strap to wear under the wig
Erik (slendergiant): I'm probably going to add a strap with velcro that wraps around. His mask actually goes all the way around his head
Erik (slendergiant): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Stupid bdsm mask
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Kiri is lewd
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): HE DOESN’T WEAR SHIRTS
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What a soft lewd boi
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): DONT KINKSHAME HIM
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): also hes obviously a hard lewd bou
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I'm doing a Loki cosplay for AnimeNYC and there is this pretty awesome tesseract on Etsy that comes with a remote control for different colors, it is a little more than the other one I'm considering but I figured if I could lend it to others for Katsu or Zenkai then it would be worth the extra $10
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): does anyone think they would be able to get use out of a light up cube??
