Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮 Do people cosplay to this event? ~~I've always wanted to go but this is my first year actually being able to~~
Erik (slendergiant): Yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Welp guess imma spend my two days off from classes seeing what HP cosplay I can pull together XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I feel there are a couple I could pull off quickly but rip I have no house merch other than Ravenclaw lmfao~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): 99% of them will be in Harry Potter garb. Ginny Liz did an amazing Peeves a few years back and pelted people with marshmallows. This year may be a little more open, given the loss of the licensing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If I go I'll be breaking out lily again
Jess (whoozica): ~~your lily is so cute~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh thank you! XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Someone lend me Gryffindor shit cause I only have wigs that work for that houses characters XD~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I also realized I dont have Ravenclaw merch cause my sweater fucking shrunkkkk D:~~
Jess (whoozica): I wanna work on cosplay but I'm sitting here like "if I buy wigs, that technically working on cosplay right?"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes
Erik (slendergiant): YESSS <@334090409389195266> LET'S DO LILY AND JAMES AGAIN
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ I'll be your child?? XD
Jess (whoozica): I seriously had plans to cut out patterns tonight but I got home and remembered I had to re-do my bookshelves cuz I allready had started that the other day so I felt like I should do cosplay till I did that 😅
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol and now you're just like nah I am tired?
Jess (whoozica): Ye kinda 😂
Jess (whoozica): Maybe I'll brew some coffee and power thru
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay so like yo, those actually going to Chestnut Hill this weekend... anyone got a Gryffindor tie and maybe sweater I can borrow for the day?? 🤔
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!386874959009415170> , you're a Gryffindor yea? You have either of these I could borrow for the day, if not using? ^^ lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yo what day are you going? Saturday?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I plan to do both days
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Fri and Sat lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh right Friday is a day too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🍻 Gotta get some drankksss
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I probably will only do Saturday cause work Friday 😭
Jess (whoozica): Does anyone else find that when they use a pair their "size" is alot bigger than their dress size they buy in the store? The pattern directions out me at like a 10 when my dress size is a 4 😵
Jess (whoozica): I always go big tho, cuz I can always down size the garment later
Marisa (Weeb): I find that a lot of patterns have different size charts and I never know which to buy ; u ;
If you have old clothing that fit you really well but you don’t need anymore they can be used to draft patterns
Marisa (Weeb): Though the same is true for clothes. Why are clothes never the same size.
Jess (whoozica): Sizing sucks butts 😂
Marisa (Weeb): Wrap yourself in plastic cling wrap and duct tape
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): So If we do bnha for konkon imma do a Christmas toga what ya think ?:)
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I feel like shigaraki hates Christmas lmaooo
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Lmao he would make a cute grinch!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Get a bah-humbug sweater
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Yesssssss!
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I have a super cute red velvet dress with fluff if anyone needs to borrow~ if I dont use it for toga
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am glad you started to watch the show~
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Me too I'm in love ! Like so much!! Plus you all look fun cosplaying! I've known who toga was from reading her manga story
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): But I cant wait to see her in the anime ♡
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Kachan,kirshima,deku,birb shadow,shigaraki,mt are my favs for now but I really am growing on todoroki because he is so precious
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I love the hype!
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I wanna have it all finished by halloween so we can just talk about it ♡
Marisa (Weeb): does anyone have a PS vita because you will absolutely need it if you're doing christmas bnha
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I sold mine to get my switch oops
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Oof
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): DX
Marisa (Weeb): 
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I love this !!!!
Marisa (Weeb): it's canon someone has to recreate it
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Omg yesss
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Calling all deku's
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!433313354744987648> good another Shiggy fan ❤️
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I feel so alone XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OH! I bought my Toga cosplay
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m super hype to be her for Zenkai
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Zenkai I think, with the exception of Winter, is gonna be MHA con
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause Chris wants to do Iida’s Hero outfit and I wanna do Ochako’s or Momo’s 

And we wanna do villains
Jess (whoozica): the problem with working on cosplay after work is you wake up the next morning wanting to continue, but instead you have to go to work
Evie (Katheryne Knight): WOW THATS A MOOD
