Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Erik, you have Goro's blazer right? Use that instead of a hoodie.
Erik (slendergiant): I have the uniform top... which isn't really a blazer... or really even wearable for casual wear...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh, it's not a blazer?
Erik (slendergiant): nope
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I can't tell how it goes on at all~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Right well, if you can't wear it open ideas moot.
Erik (slendergiant): The white shirt is a separate piece and the rest is basically a pull over
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~had to have an original uniform design, didn't we franxx~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Thought from this morning: what are odds I can get away with wearing the angel beats blazer to work. Matches kakhis, dress shirt or polo with... As long as they don't question the school crest....
Erik (slendergiant): probably could
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Wouldn't fuck with it at the client site tho. And the dress code fell to crap in my actual office when the heat waves started.
Erik (slendergiant): Lol, dress codes... when I interviewed, my boss said I could "pretty much wear anything, just don't wear anything that says 'fuck' on it"
Erik (slendergiant): I still try not to look like a slob though. I try to limit my graphic tees to Fridays
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's been a steady decline from when I started. I keep to collared shirts or my Indellient t shirt though.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): My original coworker wore tees and hoodies  with kakhis, a few weeks after I started I started jeans, and a guy we hired later broke the shorts barrier. Even my boss is getting in on it (barely), but it's cause of the heat.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't fuck with the client site much, but Vincent has done jeans there so like...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Erik (slendergiant): I feel like as long as they're not shitty jeans, that should be fine with a presentable shirt
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Agreed personally. IBM has people in suits to business tho. You gotta match the client at a minimum imo. It's their turf.
Erik (slendergiant): Oh yeah that definitely makes sense
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But if I could jeans...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Probably that.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Real world job ruined button ups for me tbh.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): In college I loved em, but now they feel too work like. Even for flannels and stuff.
Erik (slendergiant): flannels are my go to once it gets chilly
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Same.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I like jackets for the office though, cause remove and no longer warm.
Erik (slendergiant): I still like getting dressed up, but only if it's for like, an event. I used to have a large collection of dress shirts because I used to work at my church and had to wear a shirt and tie and I liked looking snazzy for that. And then I had more opportunities to dress up in college. Then I got rig of most of them because I realized they were all too small for me and now I really only get dressed up for interviews
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ye, looking Sharp is fun. I like the mixed look best, like blazer and jeans.
Jess (whoozica): I'm not allowed to wear jeans but my boss is old and oblivious so I can get away with leggings. No graphic tees, flannels or shorts though
Erik (slendergiant): RIP
Jess (whoozica): I feel bad for my make co-workers when it's really hot cuz I'll just wear a skirt or dress but there's no option for them
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~kilt~~
Erik (slendergiant): I normally don't have any issue wearing long pants year-round. I honestly prefer not to wear shorts at work
Rebecca (madameterralupus): To pack the platypus plush for my max cosplay or not 🤔
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Erik (slendergiant): yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He squish
Erik (slendergiant): I should have painted a paw print on the ass of my swimsuit too...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OMG 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pack the paint and paint it on in the room tomorrow?
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Cuteee
