Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Omg you look so cuteee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO my Arda shipment should be here today and wow I can't wait to have a wig about as long as I am xD
Marisa (Weeb): watch out for sentience
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My Arda wig qas supposd to arrive Saturday but got delayed for some reason.... *should* be arriving today
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what did ya'll get wigs for 👀
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Same. I was V disappointed when it wasn't in my mailbox 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I got a new wig for Blake and then a wig for Persephone~ 😉
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH what is that webcomic called? i wanted to start reading it
Jess (whoozica): Lore Olympus
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BLESS thank
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ that! It's really cute and good!
Jess (whoozica): i read the entirety of it on friday XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'm procrastinating on getting any work done today
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): lore olympus it is
Marisa (Weeb): Does anybody also read Hooky owo
Marisa (Weeb): or even any other webtoon in general
Marisa (Weeb): what's hip on the intersphere
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): avas demon
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I got a wig for a secret cosplay for Zenkai
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *hooky, hooky!*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): They were discontinuing it so I got it for like $20 <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh shit! good find
Marisa (Weeb): ava's demons is a different site though right?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh yea it is
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its its own site
Jess (whoozica): avasdemon.com
Marisa (Weeb): that's what i thought
it been many years, i thought it'd be cool if i could bookmark it with the rest of my webtoons
Marisa (Weeb): hey amazon i have a question
why
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO a secret cosplay?? 
Also yeaa the exact wig I need for Peresephone was being discountinued too~ and it was just enough to hit over the mark to get a free factory wig~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: avas demon is so good ive been reading for years
you want fucking rwby chibi?: f yr looking for webcomic reccomendations i have a ton that i read or am planning to read
Marisa (Weeb): yes pls
mainly on webtoons because they have a super easy bookmarking system
but i also read stuff on other sites. it just gets a bit tedious because i have to remember to check each one
Marisa (Weeb): these are the featured comics i'm following on webtoons, plus also aerial magic and phantom paradise that are cut out of the frame and on hiatus
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i read a lot of things that have their own websites aha;; but theyre still good tho
Marisa (Weeb): ~~homestuck~~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: hhhhhhhhhhh
Marisa (Weeb): do you follow any of kosmic's comics??
you want fucking rwby chibi?: l isten. i finished that one.
Marisa (Weeb): nasty red dogs / feast for a king
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i dont think so? at least it doesnt ring a bell o:
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i should add them to my list tho >o>
Marisa (Weeb): they are uh VERY nsfw at points
so be cautious
but the story is good. feast for a king is nearly as confusing as homestuck at this point
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ooooo
you want fucking rwby chibi?: im chill wrt nsfw so 👌
you want fucking rwby chibi?: uhhh some of my favs rn are: monster pop!, paranatural, and long exposure, and one of my alters is begging me to read monsterkind !
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): the top one looks like Deku lol.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: and then i have a Huge list of things to read, and several others that i have to pick up on (altho i think some were stopped for one reason or another |||)
Marisa (Weeb): oooooooooo those look good OwO thank you!! i'll check 'em out. monster pop! kind of reminds me of another comic called monsterkind hehe
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I tried super secret yesterday and I was like... eh.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yayaya
Marisa (Weeb): aww super secret is cute
Marisa (Weeb): ryan is so fluffy
Marisa (Weeb): ~~don't you call me a furry~~
Marisa (Weeb): i'm going to make some ramen except i don't have ramen despite being in japan because the supermarket i went to was sold out of its instant tonkatsu ramen and shio ramen isn't as good so i'm using spaghetti instead and when i get back i hope i'm not being called a furry
did you not like super secret because it's furry
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): just felt... generic? Airhead girl, guy who has crush on her, oh no big secret that could affect their will they or wont they...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I've read like, a million shoujo like that.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): could be a slower starter tho.
Marisa (Weeb): dog boy
Mark (Mad Doctor): If anyone ever wants to do an Ava's demon cosplay, I know Audrey has been talking about reworking her Strategos 6
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes]
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ill redo demon!ava
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yesssss
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i wanna do regular ava and pact!ava but those are future plans bc fuck if i can afford anothing im not already working on now hhghhg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we should do a group in the far future
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yesss
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ill have you all know im DYING over persephone and hades
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thanks
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i just finished]
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and wow
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Right?!
Jess (whoozica): mwhaha
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I love it so much. It's such a cute story so far and I love them so much! They are so preciousss
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the art is really beautiful too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It deff is!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): why havent i read this sooner xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Agreed XD
I just started reading it last week after a long while of meaning too lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): apollo thoughts? 😏
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Georgia (Something Sensible): im gonna whip together hera because shes a queen (literally) and i love her
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): apollo can choke on a dick
Georgia (Something Sensible): _come to me persephone children_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Persephoneeee~~ I cant wait to get my wig for her today! 😄
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i wanna cosplay hacate :x
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Hecate*
Halim (Greg) (jake): Lore Olympus is so perfect I love my persephone and hades
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mynthe is horrible... mynthe and apollo should get together
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theyre both retched
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Agreed XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): if the comic  follows actual mythology, minthe is hades' jealous lover that demands he pick between herself and persephone
Georgia (Something Sensible): and he chooses persephone and minthe gets turned into a plant
Georgia (Something Sensible): (which is why we have mint)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): you *really* love that story.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMaO
Georgia (Something Sensible): mYTHOLOGY IS A HOBBY OF MINE YES
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): JUST TURNS HER INTO A PLANT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM FUCKING LAUGHINg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "begone, thot!"
Georgia (Something Sensible): do you ever reject your side ho so bad that she turns into a plant
Georgia (Something Sensible): also yes i like mythology
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ythology is so cool tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): This is a 500 page book
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
you want fucking rwby chibi?: also fuck i gotta catch up ive prob missed at least 2 update of lo
Georgia (Something Sensible): And also one out of 7 books I own
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~guess I have another thing to read at work~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): welcome to the cult
Georgia (Something Sensible): also persephone's business card says Kore
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats actually just greek for virgin girl
Georgia (Something Sensible): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh I was wondering what that meant lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): so artemis is actually a kore too
you want fucking rwby chibi?: gggghhghg
Georgia (Something Sensible): but capital K usually refers to persephone as like, THE virgin
Jess (whoozica): Apollo is a DICK, Persephone is my sweet child, artemtis is bad ass babe
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~hello friends join me and cosplay lore olympus at zenkaikon~~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: cosplay assign me georgia
you want fucking rwby chibi?: also why is apollo so. ugly
you want fucking rwby chibi?: like. personality And face
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause hes a dick
Georgia (Something Sensible): hmmm
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yknow thats fair!
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg reiley be the smolest zeus LMAO
you want fucking rwby chibi?: omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): really tho i think youd like artemis or hecate
you want fucking rwby chibi?: which ones hecate again?
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Jess (whoozica): OMG yes
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yessss i love her
Jamie (Jamie): *has consisted considered adding abither pink skinned child to my cosplans but also considering going purple give Artemis some love maybe*
ZombieHunter: Ifffff anyone isn’t planning BNHA for konkon, some of my other friends are going in RWBY
Mark (Mad Doctor): I honestly don't have plans yet. I was thinking about holiday-ing up the Fourth Doctor that I wore last weekend. But I could dust off Christmas Ozpin if prodded
Halim (Greg) (jake): question <@!245270932602486784>  
are you still gonna be the Hera for the Zenkaikon group we have going?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I can be
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just started reading the comic. I'm thinking that Zeus' suit looks a lot like Jacques Schnee's
Georgia (Something Sensible): I just don’t know what my line up is cause I’m in a BNHA panel and might not be able to go Friday if exams fall then
Halim (Greg) (jake): you're in a BNHA panel? who with 😮
Georgia (Something Sensible): Remember that Pyrrha from Zenkai last year? She asked me to be her Ochako
Georgia (Something Sensible): And we’re gonna recruit more peeps soon
Georgia (Something Sensible): At least 12 more
Halim (Greg) (jake): is that the one i dipped in a photo
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s the one that sat behind you in the ramen shop lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My Hero panel 👀 who they need?
Halim (Greg) (jake): OH THAT ONE
Georgia (Something Sensible): They’re wcceptinnanyone besides Ochako tamaki and Aizawa
Halim (Greg) (jake): ~~I maintain that ramen shop isn't really good~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO can you DM me more deets on it Georgia? Cause I may be down to join as Deku or Denki for it~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah but Ramen was like the running thing we had so we didn’t go there for quality LOL
