Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Endeavor's going to be so mad
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Just got my wig for Toga today! I might actually wear her for Katsu
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Anyone have experience with TTD Eye contacts before? I think <@!334090409389195266> you said you've gotten from there before?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ve only ever bought from Honeycolor
Erik (Red Riot Thot): did it take a while for you to get your order?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I think it took a month
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oof
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think when I ordered it said 10-20 days, but the last my tracking said was that it reached the JFK airport... and that was 6 days ago
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Tracking of packages has been kind of shit lately. My one costume has been in CA for over a week, then suddenly jumped on Weds to PA. It's like the scanning isn't being done properly or not updating to the tacking number.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea it was a long time and then when I got them I was disappointed xD eo it was a bad experience all together. But you got a normal brand of contacts so you'll definitely have better luck I think
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): ~~honesycolor ships DHL express and the longest I’ve ever waited to get contacts from them was two weeks, also for every 50$ you spend you get a free pair of contacts just saying~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~thanks for the plug, I'll be sure to try them next~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): also I'm pretty sure Honeycolor is based out of the US which is why it's quicker
Erik (Red Riot Thot): TTD Eye is out of China
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I have no idea tbh but I’ve always had good experiences with them
Jess (whoozica): I feel like they are korean? but im not sure
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): My Pyrrha contacts were actually one of the free pairs I got from there. They came unlabeled in the package so I never knew what they were called to reorder them. Over a YEAR later I emailed their support team asking if there was anyway they could find out what contacts they were (the only info I had was the transaction #) within an hour they had emailed me back with the exact contacts they had sent me AND a coupon code for 20% off
Jess (whoozica): i ordered pink and got another pink pair for free XD so now i have 2 pinks
Erik (Red Riot Thot): nope, never mind
Erik (Red Riot Thot): just got a confirmation as to what was delivered
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *they were my Croc slippers that I completely forgot I ordered*
Georgia (Something Sensible): I second the notion about Honeycolor! Often enough they have buy 1 set of contacts get one free, so you don’t even have to spend 50 half the time, idk your eye shape but I would recommend the Sweet Bliss Brand cause they hella pigmented without looking garish
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): _are you most disappointed in croc slippers than contacts_
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh also here’s what sweet bliss look like
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Normal eyes on top, sweet bliss green and purple, and some random contacts in blue
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oooh nice
ZombieHunter: I use honeycolor for all my contact needs tbh
ZombieHunter: 
you want fucking rwby chibi?: can also vouch for honeycolour, they good
ZombieHunter: Also this coincidental photo feels very young Qrow for me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I looooovs Honeycolor
Unisqo is another good one
