Rebecca (madameterralupus): So idk how many of ya'll have the RWBY varsity jersey's RT was/is selling ~~I got Blake, Weiss and Yang's so far if anyone needs to borrow~~ but would any of ya'll be down at some point to do a cute sporty Team RWBY look?? OwO
<@!334090409389195266> <@!245270932602486784> and <@!266718984571846656>
Georgia (Something Sensible): FUCK YEAH BOIS
Georgia (Something Sensible): sign me UP
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Fuck yea
snow ( karma chameleon ): i dont have a jacket u.u  i shall pass
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ^
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Don't you have the varsity shirt? With the symbols and numbers? ðŸ˜® ~~if not imma try to get Ruby's soon and ye can borrow~~
snow ( karma chameleon ): maaaaybe owo
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye i gon have to borrow
Georgia (Something Sensible): tho i have a black varsity jacket now if YOU wanna borrow rebecca lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I gotchu fam! Weiss and Yang's is on the way. I couldn't afford Ruby's this time around but hope to get soon. I have Blake's and OwO it's so nice and soft, I want them all.  Plus theyre cute thus is why I was like ohhh this would be cool for a shoot idea!
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~is black the varsity jacket type? no, but that shouldnt stop AESTHETIC~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg i can borrow noahs scott sweatbands for whoever does ruby LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD YES
Georgia (Something Sensible): id even buy like a light blue sweatband for weiss
snow ( karma chameleon ): cuuute
Georgia (Something Sensible): also the team rwby pajama party has definitely been a success so yall should look out for a rwby pajama coming up on a grand scale in the future ðŸ‘€
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~we baked 100
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We totes need to do a BNE RWBY pj party now XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): it was so fun honestly
Georgia (Something Sensible): and we have some MAD CUTE content now
Georgia (Something Sensible): its mostly casey thats cute tho imma be real
Jess (whoozica): I have Nora varsity jacket ~~but that's not rwby opps~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can't wait to see it all~ All you're outfits and outfits swaps looked super cute! â¤
Georgia (Something Sensible): JNPR IS ALWAYS VALID thats a law of the universe
Georgia (Something Sensible): it was 5 costume changes in one day, i want to die
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Same
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol yes let's get a team jnpr going and do both teams as cute sporty looks~
Bill ðŸ“· (tlt_wm): Glad you had fun.
Georgia (Something Sensible): more importantly, it was a fun and meme-y send off for casey
Georgia (Something Sensible): shes leaving one week from now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ðŸ˜­ ðŸ˜­ ðŸ˜­ ðŸ˜­ ðŸ˜­ ðŸ˜­ ðŸ˜­ ðŸ˜­
Georgia (Something Sensible): so everyone at ANYC better say their goodbye and hug her extra tight cause shes leaving like the next day
Rebecca (madameterralupus): T___T NUUUUU
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I will be sure to find her, hug her and never let her go
Jess (whoozica): ðŸ˜­
Georgia (Something Sensible): she arrives at the airport, we are all clinging to her legs
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): give her a hug for me since I can't be there ><.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): How come you cant go anymore?? ðŸ˜¦
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): money lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof. I feel that and that sucks ðŸ˜¦
Halim (Greg): My greatest enemy
Halim (Greg): And closest friend
Halim (Greg): Money
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wish you could still go Monica T_T We'll miss youuu
Erik (Red Riot Thot): A mood
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): me tooooooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): the city is mad expense
Georgia (Something Sensible): so you gotta pay for train or parking on top of ticket, and possibly hotel
Halim (Greg): Parking is gonna be expense
Plus tolls are crazy if you dont have EZ pass
Halim (Greg): ~~I meam theyrr still crazy with EZ Pass~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee I figure this isn't gonna be too cheap of a one day trip cause gotta calculate in gas money, ferry, food, shit might buy...D:
Halim (Greg): ~~but it's slightly cheaper and you can ignore it ~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): This week and last week I have had to be really tight with my budget so not broke at the con lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah its train ticket or gas+parking that hits you, then the general expense of city food, possible metro, con ticket, annnnd yeah
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Meanwhile I spent well over $200 just this weekend... ðŸ˜‘
Georgia (Something Sensible): its no geekdom con where you can shave off most expenses
Georgia (Something Sensible): e r i k
Georgia (Something Sensible): thats ok tho you have a smart boi STEM job lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I spent $30 this weekend cause my phone charge was being shit/broke and needed other things and immediately flipped out I was spending so much more than wanted to this week already LMFAO
Like my goal is: Spend nothing at all. 
And then my phone charge decided lol nope
Georgia (Something Sensible): i bought... new eyelash glue, more red eyeliner for my pyrrha eyebrows, and a rocket science themed bathbomb
Georgia (Something Sensible): which are all purchases i can justify lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): so i also probably spent about 25
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I needed charger, hand wipes and shit to make my eyebrows purple for next Sat XDD
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ~~cookie sale cookie sale cookie sale--~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): All things I needed so I can justify it. Just still mad I had to spend extra monies on phone charger D:
Erik (Red Riot Thot): A decent amount was for good causes tho. When I bought a bunch of books at B&N yesterday they had a thing up front where you could buy a children's book to donate so I did and then I bought stuff and donated to Extra Life sooooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): extra life is valid
Georgia (Something Sensible): so whens our BNE 24 hour stream ðŸ˜‚
snow ( karma chameleon ): y e s
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I bought the second set of enamel pins they put out and then I donated while watching Jeremy stream Spyro
Erik (Red Riot Thot): CAN WE PLEASE?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh yea I forgot: I also treated myself to some RWBY/RT merch cause Evie bought stuff from me :X WOOPS  but that didn't affect my budget for this week so still goooooodd~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMFAO YO BNE YT CHANNEL LETS DO IT XD
Halim (Greg): ~~I spent over 100 dollars on jeans today~~
Halim (Greg): ~~because I needed 3 new pairs cause I tore holes in the asses or crotches of all my jeans~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Boi
Halim (Greg): ~~the worst par is they were all half off~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Big booty energy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): What's your size?
Halim (Greg): 32W 32L
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof that's something I need to do. Is buy jeans... I only have 2 now cause my one pair got thin in the crotch from my apparent *thicc* ass thighs T_T
Halim (Greg): I've added 2 inches to my waist line in the last year and its resulted in me buy new Jean's
Halim (Greg): But even those got ass tears in them so I needed more today
Georgia (Something Sensible): i still need to replace my jeans that had the pocket ripped off them
Georgia (Something Sensible): the chalkholder on the chalkboard snagged on a pocket and BOOM RIP
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Eagle Men Skinny Stone Wash Blue Stretch Jeans 32W X 30L https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B00J98T7QC/ref=cm_sw_r_other_apa_g0p6BbP0G4H39
Georgia (Something Sensible): ðŸŽµ tis the season for expensive jean replacement ðŸŽµ
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh that's not fun ðŸ˜± At least it didnt rip them more lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah they were old jeans tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): so it ok
Georgia (Something Sensible): they died a good death
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I started gettong ass holes at the pockets of my one pair of jeans. But they're small so I just sewed them up lol
Halim (Greg): Yeah no my ass murdered my jeans may they rest in PEACE
Halim (Greg): I had a lowkey funeral for them
Halim (Greg): And the 1 flannel that also died
Halim (Greg): 4 Jean's, 1 flannel. It was a sad day yesterdsy
Georgia (Something Sensible): howd a flannel die?
Halim (Greg): It's a really old flannel that was killed when I let somebody borrow it for a show
Halim (Greg): They slipped got caught on something and tore out the back like crazy
Halim (Greg): It's been in my closet for a year cause I had some insane idea I could use it for a zombie costume on Halloween
