Matt (mattmyers25): I have order my hiro cosplay
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Yay!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ugh okay so
I can’t decide on a My Hero cosplay 
I have like 5 I wanna do
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what are the 5
meghan (meghan): *do all 5*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ I agree with Meg's comment. Why choose one?!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mashup
Rebecca (madameterralupus): omg yes
Erik (slendergiant): I really want to do a BNHA cosplay but I just don't know whomst
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ochako
Toga 
Momo
Tsu
Emi (Ms. Joke)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do em aaallll~!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The school uniform is on sale 
Oh I will! Just idk who@to do first
meghan (meghan): I’d say do one of the students first, that way you can just buy the school uniform and switch out the wigs for multiple cosplays!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That’s the plan kinda. So then it’s down to Momo, Ochako, and Tsu
Erik (slendergiant): ☝🏻
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm that'd be a smart idea.  😃
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The uniform is on sale on Miccostumes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So I might buy it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think you'd make a hella good Momo~ (Although you'd be perf at all of em tbh 😛 )
meghan (meghan): Well put it this way, do you want to deal with an easy wig, a stupid hair bow or a ponytail wig?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I LOVE MOMO AND TODAMOMO IS MY GODDAMN SHIP. 

Kasou has pre-styled wigs for all 3 girls
Matt (mattmyers25): Try Ezcosplay. Also, you can find coupons for the websites if you Google it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *a stupid hairbow* I love the description of Froppy's hair. I mean it is accurate XD
meghan (meghan): I originally planned on cosplaying tsu so I bought all the materials and figured out the logistics of making her wig and I can tell you ITS A STUPID HAIR BOW 😂
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I know people who have done the hair thing. Half the reason I’m like “idk about Tsu as much as I love her”
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm XD Her hair is what's holding me back from cosplaying her too. Cause oof what the hell is that XD
meghan (meghan): It’s a relatively simple process just HELLA time consuming
Jess (whoozica): low key wanna do mina but body paint and full scleras and being blind is not appealing to me 😭
meghan (meghan): PLS DO MINA
meghan (meghan): a goal of mine is to one point have a full bakusquad but no one ever wants to be Mina and Sero 😭
Erik (slendergiant): <@!327835140216586242> you've been getting me to love Kiri more so I lowkey kind of want to do his newest hero outfit
Erik (slendergiant): and a casual
meghan (meghan): YAAAS ERIK PLS
Erik (slendergiant): because CROCS
Jess (whoozica): im only on season 2 i gotta catch tf up
Erik (slendergiant): I just can't do the red eyes tho 😛
meghan (meghan): I LOVE HIS DISATER FASHION SO MUCH
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've been behind the past 2 weeks D: I gotta catch up (hopefully tonight if I stop procrastinating my homework lol)
Erik (slendergiant): Gene Belcher is Kirishima's spirit animal
Jamie (Jamie): Has anyone bought a wig off miccostumes? Cause minas wig is only 18 currently on there but not sure if it will turn out to be thin xc
meghan (meghan): KIRISHIMA PICKED OUT HIS AND BAKUS SUITS IN THE BNHA MOVIE
Jess (whoozica): tom and i have 3 wigs from them! we love them all
meghan (meghan): THE BOY KNOWS HOW TO DRESS HIMSELF BUT HE CHOOSES NOT TO
Jess (whoozica): my CC wig, and or 2b and 9s wigs are from them
Jamie (Jamie): Ooh okay then i'll give it a shot thanks 😄
Jess (whoozica): yea! ~~i might have to get it myself~~ XD
Jamie (Jamie): I'm trying to do her at katsu and plan to get a airbrush machine for doing the pink skin
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I still need to see if I can fit Denki in to do him with you Jamie lol. I really want to~~
Jamie (Jamie): Yessss
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I can’t wait to do a Villain squad we just need a Dabi
Jess (whoozica): her outfit is the physicaly embodiment of this cup and i love it https://cdnimg.webstaurantstore.com/images/products/large/13193/1648657.jpg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cosplay Mina as the cup!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XDDD
Jess (whoozica): OMG what a meme
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wanna do this at a con
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Someone be Dabi XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Dab* i
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Evie (Katheryne Knight): T-Pose to assert your dominance
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shigarakis slav squat is killing me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m stoked to get Chris to do it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): HEELS TOUCH GROUND: CONRAD FOUND 
HEELS TOUCH SKY: HERO SPY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): someone took a photo of me slav squatting as the predator and im waiting to see it because im conviced it will be the best photo of that cosplay i'll have
Jess (whoozica): I'll cosplay mina, but instead of doing a canon outfit i just wear this crop top and some funky booty shorts https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1RBRfKpXXXXcJXFXXq6xXFXXX2/Women-Sexy-Tank-Tops-3d-the-90s-Jazz-Solo-Paper-Cup-Crop-Top-Fashion-Clothing-Vest.jpg_640x640.jpg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YES
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): PLEASe
Jess (whoozica): im tempted 🤔
Erik (slendergiant): you need the full romper and go-go boots
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YESS
Jess (whoozica): YES
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): YES
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Yo when I met that man and we were both in heels I was so happy 
I didn't even come to meet him but he made my day with his heels
