Mark (Mad Doctor): Still need to mount my arc reactor. I'm thinking of putting LEDs inside some pieces for the appropriate glow. And of course, I'm waiting on my crocs for my Iron Shoes
Erik (slendergiant): did you order your crocs yet? because I have a coupon for 25% off xD
Mark (Mad Doctor): I found a pair of off brand ones on eBay for $20.
Mak (hollyjollymak): Whenever a lore of Olympus group comes together, please let me know! I’m absolutely cosplaying Demeter in that suit from the latest update, oh my *god*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I really REALLY want to do Persephone
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also who all is in My Hero Academia hell? XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ *slowly raises hand* lol
Erik (slendergiant): Manga or anime?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Both?
Erik (slendergiant): Anime here
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m reading the manga and started the anime
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I need to get around to reading the manga D:
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And Chris is binging it as we speak
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He and I might be doing Deku and Ochako
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yess cute!!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Possibly he might do Ida because of the Gundam suit he wears as his hero suit
Erik (slendergiant): *~~nerdy Gundam Speed Racer~~*
Marisa (Weeb): my hero academia hype has been revived after seeing the movie
pwease let me take pictures of lore olympus group <:dramacat:420824270063796234>
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Snow and I discussed a RWBY and mythology group cause we're both nerds
Marisa (Weeb): there's some nice art of old fashioned japanese-style rwby but a greek or roman rwby would neato burrito
Marisa (Weeb): egyptian rwby
norse rwby
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Norse RWBY
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ooooooh my god
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I had a thought yesterday: Salem/Hela
Marisa (Weeb): pastafarian rwby
Erik (slendergiant): That reminds me, I've been planning to draw viking Yang 😂
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): ughhh I love mythology
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): which is why my first trip out of the country is to Greece
Marisa (Weeb): have you ever played Age of Mythology
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): nope
Marisa (Weeb): it a good game. classic. you build a civilization from the ground up and pick different gods to worship that give you different skills (like anubis lets you make an army of zombie animals or artemis can make a massive earthquake). in later editions you can create a titan to destroy your enemies. with cheats you can also summon a flying purple hippo that shoots rainbows.
Marisa (Weeb): also kamichama karin is the best magical girl because her transformation catchphrase is just "i am god"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!301927856240459777> how have you not mentioned you’re a fan of those games before? Andrew is a huge geek for them.
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): ooooh that sounds cool
Marisa (Weeb): me on my way to talk about AoM
Marisa (Weeb): does anyone use a lot of plastidip
Marisa (Weeb): is it any good for actual plastic and does it cover up imperfections (bumps and stuff) or is it a thin coating
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I would think if you layered it in this enough it could fell the imperfections <:pewish:420824457918152704>
Erik (slendergiant): It's technically meant for creating handle grips on tools so if you add more layers it should build up the thickness
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oh really? Damn then yeah for sure
Erik (slendergiant): Well the liquid kind is at least. It's just meant to add a rubberized coating to things
Marisa (Weeb): ye i saw the tool thing, that looked pretty neat. i'm considering it for the base of shoes i want to make. I find that paint chips and fades after a few wears no matter how much you coat it, and if i get lazy and don't smooth the bottom of the shoe it'll make imperfections super noticable. but plastidip might work? the bottom of shoes are usually rubber anyway right
Marisa (Weeb): so i guess if it can adhere to smooth metal it should have no problem with smooth plastic? 🤔
Erik (slendergiant): That would probably work!
Jess (whoozica): im just realizing I didnt think about footware at all for CCE 😬
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): you'll have water for footwear!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats why i panicked about flipflops yesterday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): old navy had them for a $1.50
Jess (whoozica): 👀  might have to make a last minute mall trip then
Erik (slendergiant): *frick I forgot about the hoodie and sandals for Goro*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): if anyone needs last minute costume stuff hit me up. I can see if we have anything at work. I can use my discount on it :p
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://giphy.com/gifs/candy-nestle-crunch-OwxnGGCNkQ4F2
Erik (slendergiant): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fuck i forgot to paint the stripe on my hoodie
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BACK TO CON CRUNCH
Jess (whoozica): okey dokey, i might have to hit you up XD im gonna raid my shoe storage tonight and see what i have
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!386874959009415170>  we just got hoodies in at Moore's want me to see if we got white ones?
And <@!351471675843411978>  aight! I know we do have sandals left over on clearance lol
Erik (slendergiant): are they zip up?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I thiiinnkk we have zip up? I'll double check tonight when I go in and let ya know <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Is anyone doing flips and water shoes?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!386874959009415170> update: we do not have white zip up hoodies 😫
Erik (slendergiant): Damn. Thanks for checking. I'm gonna try VF and Boscovs later
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Walmart might have clearance
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Is anyone going to the formal?
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Its Friday 8 to 9 pm
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Nope.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm taking a page out of Ryan's book and saying Too Mant Clothes.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think most of us aren't going to the formal lol
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Okay I was making sure haha
