Evie (Katheryne Knight): Shit I’m hella tempted to try and do Pyrrha 3.0...
It just depends on if I wanna save that for like...another big con or something.
Might just work on it little by little and then have it ready when it’s ready.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I saw the finished design and I nneeeeeeed it so we can cry about it together gen
Evie (Katheryne Knight): PLease
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I think it’s going to be one of those things I work on little by little and it will be done when it’s done. 

Like if I even TRY to start t now I’m afraid I’m going to regret it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Especially since I haven’t rebuilt normal Pyrrha yet
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And I’m working on Summer and wanting to do other cosplays
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’m prob going to work on it slowly as well, I’m making my first bunnysuit for ausa so I’m hoping I’ll be able to alter the pattern I’m using for that to be able to make Pyrrha.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): But that armor has me DROOLING
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I need to still do Bunnysuit Winter...and oof hopefilly I can get Cheerleader Winter in
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also being in My Hero Hell now I want to cosplah all of that

And my want to cosplay KH returned 

AND I want to revamp my older cosplays
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The armor?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The *gun* is the most impressive design.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol a mood. Wanting to cosplay so much all at once
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh also I want to do Fantasy Yaoyorozu because UMPH
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That. Fucking. Outfit. Slays. Me.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also I love Momo
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): SO MUCH YES TO ALL OF THESE THINGS
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): idk if I’ll start working on 3.0 Pyrrha until after katsu because I want to take my time with her
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Have I mentioned I love Momo and the episode with her and Todoroki killed me on how much I relate to her so ducking michb

Basically me girl. I’m starting her after Katsu ~~unless he releases a full body winter~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): if she turns out well then I may try to enter her into my first competition
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m praying he does full body winter
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~what does Pyrrha have against real pants tho~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): FUCK PANTS
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I HATE PANTS SO IM LIVING FOR THIS
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): in case anyone hasn’t seen the 3.0 design
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): her HAIR
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i love it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh I love it!!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Patreon resolutionl
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Sorry Im broke and can’t afford that
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I screenshot things
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~and now you have it~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~isn't that nice~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ^^
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof temoted to change my KoFi goal to this.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The gun and the fact that she has some kinda tony stark machine in her spear hole are the best details.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But people already donated to Loki and I feel bad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn even I'm tempted to cosplay this version of her lol :O
But I gotta redo her normal version first lmfao
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof same but like
I hate myself and I’d rather do this XD 
Cause RIFLE
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I am LIVING for hair down Pyrrha
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The leg armor and shoes are the same really, you've already got that part Meg.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Nope I’m making new one
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hair down is a nice touch cause oof fuck ponytail wigs XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah they are definitely different
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): The small differences would drive me CRAZY
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Does that start a new counter or go off the old one? 😆
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): FUCK
Erik (slendergiant): d-d-d-DAYUM
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Guess it'll depend on how much use you get out of the variant.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): It’s new so I know I’ll wear it a lot
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Honestly I feel you Meghan
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’m the same way
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ve worn Pyrrha almost 20times so far
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The small differences throw me off
It’s almost the same build but slightly more detailed
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Exactly**
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): But I do really like that the kneecaps are smaller
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): That’ll make walking in the armor a little easier
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ^^*^
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause that would be fucking nice
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): RIGHT
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I may actually be able to sit in this set of armor
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ya know 
You could make it so that the knee comes a lil higher so you could sit. That’s what happened for me XD
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’m NOT remaking her old armor again so nope
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Mood tho
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ll live 😂
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I need to remake that damn corset ugh
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I have to fix it up in some areas but I’m not complete remaking it
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): The armor that is
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That’s totally fair
Erik (slendergiant): Unrelated question: Anyone have experience with dental veneers for cosplay?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Yes
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I bought a pair for kiri and I hated them
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): What are you looking to use them for
Erik (slendergiant): Kiri 😂
Jess (whoozica): like fangs?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Full mouth set for kiri
Erik (slendergiant): https://tinsleytransfers.com/cannibal-teeth-fx/
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): He has shark teeth
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Is it supposed to be like, a corset/bunnysuit?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Cause that doesn't sound comfortable. More than corsets usually don't sound comfortable.
Jess (whoozica): ooo ok i only have fangs
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I bought these and they look good but you can’t smile in them
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They look annoying 😦
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): And kiri is ALWAYS smiling
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like idk if I could stand that
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And I know I gotta figure out gangs for Toga XD
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Another thing I’ve seen ppl do but I haven’t tried yet it buying a teeth marker. Then you just draw on your teeth to make them look pointed
Erik (slendergiant): Yeah also it doesn't seem like you can talk easily with them in as well so I was debating whether they'd be worth it or not
Erik (slendergiant): Yeah that requires too much work  lol
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): That’s what this person does for kiri
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm I've seen people use tooth paint to make the shark teeth look. Not sure how well it is but probs deff more comfortable lol
Jess (whoozica): you just need regualr fangs for toga right <@!229713389511901185> ?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I also have vampire fangs that I used for zero two and they were really easy to wear/talk in so I may wear those the next time I’m kiri
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah cause she had lil fangs
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!351471675843411978>
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): If your buying fangs is reccomend not buy over the size 13mm otherwise it’s hard to close your mouth
Jess (whoozica): <@!351785752197201920>  link a gurl
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause eventually Chris and I are gonna do a LoV squad
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): YOHEE Cosplay 13mm Vampire Teeth Dentures Halloween Party Props Fangs https://www.amazon.com/dp/B06ZZ7NGNJ/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_907OBbYD9CSEZ
Jess (whoozica): the ones tom and i have you make a lil mold for your teeth and then you can reuse them with no adhesive
Evie (Katheryne Knight): AWESOME!!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ugh I’m stoked to get my Ochako cosplay in tomorrow
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’ll be sure to try and take some selfies
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I can’t wait to be my lil bean
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And I have the school uniform now so I can buy a Momo wig and do Momo and get Chris to be Todoroki with me XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh i have those fangs for mavis 😂
Jess (whoozica): I think  they are Scarecrow brand
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have the scarecrow brand fangs. I haven't ever used them though but will be this weekend, molding them tonight finally after having them for like 5 fucking years XDD Hoping they work okay lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay I’ll have to remember that. Cause there’s other characters with fangs I wanna do
Jess (whoozica): they work great for us!
Jess (whoozica): the molding paste doesn't taste too great so try to not get it on your tounge XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Noted!!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I hear they are pretty good lol. And oof good to know, I'll try my best not to XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also talking about BNHA I might be selling some wigs soon so hopefully I can also get my school uniform too~ <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I got mine off Amazon Prime. Same with the Ochako wig. There were good reviews for both items which is nice, and it was only 80 bucks total 

I ordered a size up from what I usually order because Chinese sizing. Hoping it works out ^_*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma probs get mine from Miccostumes since I get most of my costumes there (and Jamie plans to get her's there too so we can match pretty well lol).
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nice!
I like MicCostumes. I got my Rinoa Heartilly cosplay there. It fits like a glove
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I ordered medium too
Jess (whoozica): yea miccostumes is pretty good! everything we have from them we like
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wanted to get my Juvia cosplah from there and then they discontunued it
Jess (whoozica): 😭
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Yeah we got the lil heart container fangs
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ooof that sucks. I've had pretty good luck with them. I just hate that some of the costumes I want from them they don't have in my size or been sold out recently 😭 Hopefully soon that changes.
I also really dig HelloCosplay 👌
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😩 Welp went to go look at buying my wig for Denki and the one I wanted is on backorder now... Dammit.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah Hellocosplay is good too!
Marisa (Weeb): oh i use tooth black, it's like nail polish for your teeth i love it. it's minty and you can drink in them and even eat if you're super careful. even if it does come off while eating, just wipe your teeth with a napkin to dry them off and reapply it.

you can also make pointy teeth out of some fake nails and/or thermoplastic
Marisa (Weeb): don't use the tooth black wax stuff from a halloween store it's absolute junk
Marisa (Weeb): i recommend this
https://www.amazon.com/Mehron-Makeup-Special-Effects-Halloween/dp/B001TK55PU?th=1
Marisa (Weeb): or there's a better one but i can't remember the company and i haven't seen it sold in ages, but a makeup booth was selling it at last year's katsucon
Georgia (Something Sensible): I hate to say such a sin word in this chat
Georgia (Something Sensible): But homestuck tutorials exist for a lot of the troll teeth
Georgia (Something Sensible): That might be a good resource
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): ham stSTEAK
