you want fucking rwby chibi?: <@!245270932602486784> <@227431823062466569> i dont remember if i asked at all but if i havent. can i mayhaps ride w one of yall 2 konkon
ZombieHunter: I’m riding with. Friend from NY but maybe Georgia?
ZombieHunter: Also my friend is coming up to visit from VA. does anyone have a place she could sleep Saturday night?
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 👌  yallre the closest to me so i figured i might as well ask u both)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
you want fucking rwby chibi?: erik please dont die at konkon
Mark (Mad Doctor): Insulate your Crocs
you want fucking rwby chibi?: insulate your nipples
Georgia (Something Sensible): Holiday themed nipple pasties?? Plz??
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'll be fully clothed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ... mostly
you want fucking rwby chibi?: pasties that are little trees,,,,
Georgia (Something Sensible): Shark pasties but with little Christmas hats
you want fucking rwby chibi?: omg yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): Or maybe R shaped for the whole red riot thing omg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): _perfect_
Mark (Mad Doctor): Baaaaaaaaaaaaby shark, Doo Doo da Doo Doo...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Mommy shark do do da do do do
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 🦈
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
you want fucking rwby chibi?: im glad youve insulated your nipples
Georgia (Something Sensible): Is that the Frankie flannel under that sweater
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Of course!
Georgia (Something Sensible): Godspeed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay I saw the shirt one at first and I was like omg Erik nuu you are gonna die from the cold 😱 glad you have a Sweater to wear and keep warm lol
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Lolll
Halim (Greg) (jake)(Ent): Lol Erik isnt gonna pull a Meghan
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Every please dress warmly this year. I don't want none of ya freezing to death ❤
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): in the very least, bring a coat for when pics arent being taken
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol are we all gonna penguin huddle again in between pics to keep warm?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I checked the weather for this weekend. Peddler’s village has a high of 33 and a low of 24 so Saturday is going to be a TIME
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes! Make sure to bring jackets ya'll. Let's not freeze to death this year lol.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): *shreck voice* L A Y E R S
Matt (mattmyers25): Time for thermals
