Erik (Red Riot Thot): You mean Mirio?
Georgia (Something Sensible): OMG YEAH ONE SUIT, TWO COSPLAYS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Be part of Jess and Tom's Big Three
Georgia (Something Sensible): Tom and Jess if you can find out where I can get this suit I will buy it and be your big headed mirio
Jess (whoozica): Omg 😂
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I want one too 
Forget Silly Ghillies.
I wanna do a vault boy group
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): homestucks, what do you guys make your horns out of that isnt super heavy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Leanna is preparing to join the Homestucks lmao~~
Jess (whoozica): oo i also need to know this
Halim (Greg): ~~one of us one of us~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~ i mean stars butterfly form kinda looks like the god tier homestucks so...~~
Halim (Greg): Anybody else remember that awkward time when Hetalia was so big that people started to get into Homestuck because they were tired of all the Hetalia
but then Homestuck became so big that it annoyed people and they went back to Hetalia 
and then there was a lowkey highkey fandom war between the two
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): unfortunately i was a sideliner for that mess
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i literally witnessed it happen like a fly on the wall
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I was one of those people lmao.~~
Jess (whoozica): i wasnt into cosplay yet XD
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): same
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was into Hetalia first then jumped into the fandom of Homestuck for a small bit cause my friends at the time were all into it as well XD
Halim (Greg): it wasn't super a cosplay thing more like  tumblr
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That was probably when I was just getting into cosplay because the people I knew were big into Homestuck and/or Hetalia
Halim (Greg): ~~I sat in both camps and was like lol wheres the popcorn~~
Halim (Greg): ~~just like to watch the world burn~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): circa 2014ish I'm guessing?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i somehow havent seen a single episode of hetalia or read any homestuck... how did i escape that time period like that
Halim (Greg): a little earlier
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol. You got lucky Leanna?? Looking back at all that stuff at the time I'm like...OOF
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I never got into Hetalia. All I knew was that it was personified countries and they were all gay or something
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ P much LOL
Jess (whoozica): ME TOO LEANNA
Jess (whoozica): oh wait thats not true
Jess (whoozica): i tried to start homestuck once
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok i read like the first chapter and couldnt do it. so i guess i didnt escpae completely clean of homestuck
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hetalia fandom was a weird time XD
All my HS friends and I had a specific character, we only called each other by that name, and it was like our fucking life line XD
Jess (whoozica): I remember seeing it on tumblr tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg rebecca 😂
Halim (Greg): my cosplay FB page was originally a Canada- Matthew Williams page
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats precious
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Canada~! 😄
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hetalia fandom was a weird time. I try not to look back at it lmao. Sometimes looking back at my old cosplay photos of it I am just like... oh man... we were so fucking weird. Why did any of this happen? XD
Jess (whoozica): ~~i can never tell whos who ~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): I USE MODEL MAGIC LEANNA
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oops caps
Georgia (Something Sensible): /aggressively gives homestuck advice
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH shit thats a good idea, i forgot that existed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Scream you homestuck-dome to the worllddd Georgia XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): Heck nah I keep that shit in a box
Georgia (Something Sensible): Which is occasionally slightly opened
Georgia (Something Sensible): Only for cosplay pro strays
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): "use"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Looking to share something with the class?
Georgia (Something Sensible): UseD
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yaya model magic
you want fucking rwby chibi?: also oof dont talk to me about the hetalia/homestuck Phase hhghghg
you want fucking rwby chibi?: Cursed Times
