Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Shine bright like a nikos
Erik (slendergiant): 12:02am, Thursday October 18, 2018... still no Grimm Eclipse update...
Erik (slendergiant): You know, they said it was going to be released October 18th, but they never said what time...
Marisa (Weeb): keep refreshing every 5 seconds and it'll come faster
at least it's not like the homestuck adventure game
"Part two comes out Spring 2018!"
>october 2018 and still nothing <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Weeb): also here it's already 1:07pm on the 18th. maybe it'll release any moment now.
Erik (slendergiant): Unless it has to be the 18th in Rooster Teeth Land aka Austin, TX
Erik (slendergiant): In which case I'll take a nap and wake up in an hour
Marisa (Weeb): they wait for the last possible time zone to hit the 18th
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Might possibly be the case
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RIP. That's gonna be a while then lol. Cause Hawaii is like 5 hours behind us?
Jess (whoozica): Erik plz sleep tonight, doin me a concern
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Agreed. Don't stay up all night and be dragging for work tomorrow 😃
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): So I am doing toga for katsu ♡
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): My blood loving bean!♡
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Thank you amazon they have her school uniform and sweater
Erik (slendergiant): ~~1am, still nothing~~
Marisa (Weeb): a false eyelash just fell out of the dryer while i collected my laundry. this is getting out of hand i'm pretty sure i haven't even cosplayed this month either
Marisa (Weeb): and i did i've definitely done laundry multiple times since there. where do these eyelashes keep coming from
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Erik (slendergiant): Looks great!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you!
The blue is SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE GREY.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have to get to spirit Halloween tho to get my peach gem I plan on making into Winter’s gemstone
Jess (whoozica): Damn that looks really good
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Sleeves done after BENDING MY NEEDLE CAUSE FABIRC TOO T H I C C
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like this will keep me warm
Marisa (Weeb): Is that a new kind of element bending. Needle bending.  Fire water air earth needle
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Seems like it cause boy howdy I bent it good
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Press f to pay respects
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahh it's looking amazing so far Evie! 😄
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): has anyone worked with chiffon? is it a pain in the ass?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): for context: Im trying to decide if i want to do an art nouveau Star Butterfly (wing form) or if i want to just stick to the cartoony look for it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO that'd be really pretty!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA, like hannah alexander inspired
Marisa (Weeb): Chiffon sucks but go for it. It’s better than satin
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WELP that was my next question, SO i guess CHIFFON IT IS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it can't be worse than velvet
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): >.>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): can it?
Marisa (Weeb): Ohohoho satin is the worst
Marisa (Weeb): Satan
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Marisa (Weeb): Frays like no tomorrow
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cause its slippery? or is it the fraying? cause like THE FALLOUT OF VELVET MADE ME WANT TO DIE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh fraying YE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fraying is the devil
Marisa (Weeb): Oh yeah the slippery ness too heh. Also the shiny kind makes for awful photos
Marisa (Weeb): Also poking holes in satin accidentally can mess up the whole thing bluh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i just realized, the first cosplay i ever made was a satin lolita chobits dress
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ..maybe thats why i have the patience of a saint when it comes to sewing
Jess (whoozica): on of the first things i made was satin too and oof yea pics are bad
Marisa (Weeb): let me be with yooooooooooou
Marisa (Weeb): i'm going to be singing that all night now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): surprisingly the chobits dress wasn't awful in pics
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it was shiny as fuck though so i dont know HOW
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Chiffon SUCKS BUT ITS SO NICE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I recommend cutting it with Pinking Sheers yo reduce fray as much as possible
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh shit, good rec
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i forgot to get a pair of those. I should do that before i forget
Jess (whoozica): 😮 whats pinking sheers?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay so Pinking Sheers are good to cut fabrics that are fray
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they look like those fancy scrapbooking scissors
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that cut like zigzags
Jess (whoozica): OHH i think i have those
Jess (whoozica): when we moved in there was sewing supplies in the house I didnt sew at the time though so i got rid of alot
Jess (whoozica): there was like 2 decent sized boxes of clothing patterns that i got rid of and boy do i regret that
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ve found our Halloween costumes
Erik (slendergiant): Georgia can finally combine her Weiss and Pyrrha
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Her time has come
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Haha yes! Thee are cute :3
Jess (whoozica): this is so cute
Erik (slendergiant): And you KNOW <@288513265661902858> would be all about wearing either Weiss's outfit as Jaune or Glynda's outfit as Ozpin
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): He’s always down to wear a dress 😂
Erik (slendergiant): Something I aspire to get on his level with 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Little red riot hood is you dipping your toes in
Erik (slendergiant): No, that's trial by fire
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Look wading in gives you enough time to back out
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Just dive in head first
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): It’s more fun that way
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~and that's how Meg ended up wearing a tube top in far below freezing weather~~
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Somebody mentioned wearing a dress
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): @ ME NEXT TIME BILL
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): you read it anyway?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): YES BITCH
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So why do I *need* to @ you.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): also if you think last year was bad this year I’ll prob end up doing kiri 😂😂
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Will yoj bring a jacket at least this year
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Yes I will bring a jacket this year 😂
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Also yes i woild 100% cosplay jaune being weiss or oz as glynda
Erik (slendergiant): Nope, not better 😭
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh god
Erik (slendergiant): I'm so so sorry <@!245270932602486784> and <@!327835140216586242>
Mark (Mad Doctor): The cuffs seem like the final insult.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you're 100% right
Georgia (Something Sensible): Apology accepted
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who cuffs their pj bottoms
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): people who are running in a forest outside ?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Nothing on the back of the pajamas!
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): only excuse for it
Erik (slendergiant): The back of the bottoms are actually assless
Dizzy: https://i.imgur.com/MmjqHto.jpg
Matt (mattmyers25): !lewd
Jess (whoozica): is there seriously nothing on the back?
Erik (slendergiant): idk, that was another preview shot from Steam
Jess (whoozica): oooo ok
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): ROOSTERTEETH DID US SO DIRTY
Erik (slendergiant): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I EXPECTED BETTER TBH
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): also I need opinions. Vampire Pyrrha- red contacts or green like normal
Jess (whoozica): literally everyone elses PJs are cute af
Jess (whoozica): OOOO tough decsison
Jess (whoozica): id say, if you have enough other "pyrrha" stuff then red
Erik (slendergiant): Rooster Teeth: "Pyrrha's dead. No one cares about her anymore and *we* surely don't..."
FNDM: "WE FUCKING DO"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Agreed with Jess. Also red colored eyes are more vampirey lol
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Red contacts are better for the Vampire effect
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ll prob bring both and see witch I like better
Erik (slendergiant): *witch*
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’m in concrunch my spelling doesn’t count
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh frens I need an opinion! 
So, do you think she’s wearing white pants, or black. Knee-thigh high boots or low boots? 
Cause if I’m not gonna get 3.0 Winter at some point soon I’m just gonna guess
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'd say white pants, knee/thigh boots
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): White pants definitely
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Boots probably have some high tech armor
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Bach does seem to have a thing for robo legs.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think white pants would look better, but going off of weiss' design, if they match winter would have black pants
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Black would make Winter look more spec ops than leadership. Depends on the mood you want.
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I say white pants
