Erik (Red Riot Thot): For Red Riot Thot, should I wear the sleeves, or no?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh the sleeves actually look nice with it and will probs keep ya warmer too
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Arm sock done altho it is. Not up to my standard
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It is done. And that's the important piece
Georgia (Something Sensible): Didn’t get a big enough zipper for A2...
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): I guess I’ll have to pick up a zipper on the way down and sew in the room now ugh
Jess (whoozica): There's a zipper there? 😮
Georgia (Something Sensible): In the back
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh I have one that’s long enough but it’s red
Georgia (Something Sensible): FUCK IT
Jess (whoozica): OH ok that makes sense
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Isn't her hair long?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'd say fuck it, use red, Hair will cover if long. Can replace after con lol
Jess (whoozica): Yea it fine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Black shsrpie
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ TRU
Georgia (Something Sensible): YEAH
Georgia (Something Sensible): Smart Leanna
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): KATSUCRUNCH CAN SUCK A DICKKKKK
Georgia (Something Sensible): Now I just gotta hem this bitch and put on the insignia and A2 is DONE
Georgia (Something Sensible): I gotta put the shirt on one boob at a time but honestly it works for one con LOL
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ve had so many “almost defeated by con crunch” moments
Georgia (Something Sensible): But not one has proven fatal yet
Marisa (Mawisa): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Tom (tomukuncosplay): OOF
Anna (loud and likely blonde): me: stop thinking just get ready for katsu
me: ok but what if i add spider man noir to my cosplans
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Does anyone have a white wig cap I can borrow? Mine has disappeared even though I had it last week 😩
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I need it for tomorrow
Anna (loud and likely blonde): only got tan :/
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I mean that's better than a black one lol would I be able to borrow it tomorrow?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yea you need more than one? I kinda. had mag amazon prime me like 6 wig caps
Jamie (Jamie): So guess I'm wearing boot heels for mina Saturday cuz i left my school shoes at home ~~this is why i can't have nice things~~
Jamie (Jamie): ~~sexy schoolgirl mina go~~
Jess (whoozica): what size are you?
Jamie (Jamie): Im size like 8 1/2-9
Jess (whoozica): hmmm ok i think mine are too small. i have a pair that were tway to big for me but i think they are more like an eight
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i can lend you a pair of vans if thats better?
Jess (whoozica): im ussually a seven so i got a kids size 5 which ussually matches up for me but these did not
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!351471675843411978> why do i feel they sent u a mens 5 instead
Jess (whoozica): nah on the reviews it said they they ran really large. they are "girls" shoes mary janes
Jess (whoozica): i ordered a 4 instead and they were good
Jamie (Jamie): Dont worry bout it I accept fate to sexy schoolgirl mina lmao. And nah these boot heels are actually super comfy to a point. Theyre punk style ankle boots I wear daily sometimes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): heeled ankle boots are way underrated tbh 
~~its fine i feel mina would forget her shoes and be like guess im wearing THIS~~
Jamie (Jamie): @<@289944569410224129> I might ask if you bring them along i might take up the offer since vans will prolly also fit the mina aesthetic
Jamie (Jamie): Lol its true
Jess (whoozica): yea for sure
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ye ill throw em in my car they're just next to my door anyways
Jamie (Jamie): And ankle boots need to be more of a thing cause theyre awesome. I have the heeled pair and a flat pair as well that are more grundgy and need replaced because i wear them all the time lol
Jamie (Jamie): Thaaanks 💛💛
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o shoot does anyone have a wig grip band thing i could borrow for the formal
imma just like glue the wig to my head otherwise
Jamie (Jamie): Uuuh no grip bands i should look into them though lol and would the crazy stick gel and blow dry method work to help cuz i got the got2b gel for attaching lacewig to jason
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hmmmmmm perhaps. i got the gel too and spirit gum (dont wanna put that in my hair tho) and i got uhhhhhh lacefront tape? thats what its called righ
Jamie (Jamie): No idea this wig of his is my first lacefront experience lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): imma be using it at the nape of my neck anyways so this is gonna be a wiggy weekend for all of us
Georgia (Something Sensible): Me? Finishing cosplay 7 hours before leaving? More likely than you’d think
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): That tank top is a messy boi but ITLL DO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YE BUDDY
Anna (loud and likely blonde): my brain still tryna figure out how ur left leg is tights
Anna (loud and likely blonde): this is random but anyone going to the rave at katsu. if you draw on yourself in highlighter. it glows under black light
you want fucking rwby chibi?: linecooonnn
Anna (loud and likely blonde): are you squatting on the floor to take that selfie
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Slav squatting for selfies is the only way to go
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *THANK YOU *
you want fucking rwby chibi?: im actually sitting LOL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hunter threatened to disown me and mag if we did a slav squat in track suit group photo
you want fucking rwby chibi?: linecon b tough bc it was supposed to open 20vmins ago :' )
