Anna (Cadmium): This thing is so heavy how the shit do you people wear this for a full con
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ponytail wigs indeed really suck 😂
But you look so good!!
Georgia (Something Sensible): anna you have long hair dont you?
Georgia (Something Sensible): havent you _trained your neck to withstand ponytails_?
Anna (Cadmium): My hair stays in a bun on my head unless it's getting washed tbh
Anna (Cadmium): Can I just. 
I'm 95% done. I just have to finish the panels on the bodysuit and cel shade.
Anna (Cadmium): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yooo that looks awesome!
Anna (Cadmium): Thank
Anna (Cadmium): I feel. Incredibly badass
Anna (Cadmium): I just wanted to do a makeup test lmfao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): This is borderlands RWBY correct??
Anna (Cadmium): Ye
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AANNAAAAA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THAT LOOKS SO FUCKING GOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AAAAAAAAHHHHHH
Anna (Cadmium): Someone teach me how to pose
Anna (Cadmium): THANK U
Rebecca (madameterralupus): DOPE 👌
Anna (Cadmium): I am. 
Hoping I don't break this at katsu
Anna (Cadmium): There's def bits I gotta tweak but I guess it was a good idea to push it to be done for katsu instead of it's actual deadline ?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): When's it's actual deadline?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RTX?
Anna (Cadmium): Lol no toracon. It's uhhhhhhh same time as zenkai
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh okay 😮
Anna (Cadmium): Wait a minute THIS WAS MY FIRST ARMOR
Anna (Cadmium): I am suddenly overcome with emotion
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I hear a lot about that con lol. Some of my friends up there in NY go
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol yaayyy first armor!!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌
Anna (Cadmium): I honestly might not go next year depending on time cause the drive to Rochester is. Long.
Anna (Cadmium): And I wanna try zenkai and more PA cons
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!289944569410224129> do you own a Wig Grip from Arda at all? 

That's how my wig stayed on for Pyrrha. 😃
Anna (Cadmium): Nope. It's got a ton of clips under it now. I think if I increase the diameter of my head any more it won't actually get on my head now lmao
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I hiiiiighly recommend getting a wig grip. Like my wig did NOT move at all. I could dance with it on and it still wouldn't move.
Anna (Cadmium): Interesting. How does it actually stay on your head tho
Evie (Katheryne Knight): velcro :)
So you put it on like those stretchy headbands
Evie (Katheryne Knight): after you put the wig cap on
Anna (Cadmium): Wait shit I might not be able to the crown is very very fitted to my head with the wig 
Gonna need it for a Weiss wig tho
Anna (Cadmium): I shall invest in one for my next Arda order
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It owuld probably be super hlepful with Weiss's wig since she's got that side pony.
Anna (Cadmium): ~~anyone need wogs I'mma use my points for a discount next order~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): uuuuh
Anna (Cadmium): It's not gonna be for like another month dw
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I don't nreally need any wigsnas of now. I just bought my Sypha will so I think I'm good til Otakon
Anna (Cadmium): how does one paint tights to look like robot limbs
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Tears+creativity+tears
Anna (Cadmium): ok but how to avoid stick to body
Jess (whoozica): saran wrap
Jess (whoozica): wrap leg, paint, wait for it to dry, peel off
Jess (whoozica): thats how i did minas suit
Anna (Cadmium): just saran wrap leggy and then paint leggy?
Jess (whoozica): well like you paint the leggin but yea
Anna (Cadmium): lol yea
Anna (Cadmium): alright ok
Anna (Cadmium): bc. Im REALLY trying to avoid making more full fledged robot limbs
Anna (Cadmium): colourpop made colored mascara if any of yall are really committed to that hair color change and/or want to put it in your brows
you want fucking rwby chibi?: O:
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They have **yellow** 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I have never successfully mastered covering my brows, this might help
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hmm... I *do* need new thongs
Anna (Cadmium): <@!334090409389195266> oh let me show u how i did mine. i used NYX colored eyeliner and set them with loose yellow eyeshadow
Anna (Cadmium): they survived CCE
Anna (Cadmium): ~~and ok aerie is good underwear only sometimes~~
Jess (whoozica): i use nyx eyeliner for mine!
Anna (Cadmium): ayyyyyyy nyx buddies
Jess (whoozica): WHOOO
Jess (whoozica): i buy undies at aerie alot but only when they are on sale like this
Anna (Cadmium): VS for me bc like. u cant beat the big sale
Jess (whoozica): i have some from there but there sizes are so all over the place, tom got me like 5 paris on sale and like 4 are tight as shit and 1 fits perfect but they are all the same size D:
Anna (Cadmium): doesnt help womens clothes are labelled by black magic
Jess (whoozica): TRUTHS
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof where is the lie
Jess (whoozica): i have 2 paros of the exact same jeans and one fits amazing and one makes me look like a whale
Evie (Katheryne Knight): MOOD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): half my pants
Jess (whoozica): the only reason i bought the second pair was cuz the first fit so well 😭
Anna (Cadmium): literally same i just. thrift all my pants now
Jamie (Jamie): ~~i gave in and wear leggings 90% of the time because of those reasons lol~~
Jess (whoozica): i wear jeggings to work all week cuz i dont get paid enough to buy dresspants
Jess (whoozica): and my boss is old and is somehow fooled by them
Anna (Cadmium): to be fair some dress pants are very tailored
Anna (Cadmium): my boss is. old but not fooled. and my dress pants are so comfy7
Jess (whoozica): NICE all dress apnts i see are like $50?
Jess (whoozica): and im like <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (Cadmium): yeah but honestly. sometimes its worth
Anna (Cadmium): look in like JC penny clearance racks
Anna (Cadmium): i only have 2 pairs but theyre so worth it if you can actually invest in a pair
Jess (whoozica): 👌
Jess (whoozica): if i ever get a better job i will keep that in mind
Anna (Cadmium): all my clothes are either clothes i wear to work, clothes i wear for cosplay, or clothes that are covered in paint
Anna (Cadmium): no casual
Anna (Cadmium): wait i have gym stuff thats it
Anna (Cadmium): actually check out thrift store for dress pants usually theres a good selection
Anna (Cadmium): and you can get nice stuff for like $10
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Anna next time we see eachother outside cons you gotta show me some makeup tips
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I am incredibly bad with makeup
Anna (Cadmium): hello
Anna (Cadmium): i am here for u
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Didnt start wearing it until a couple years ago xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You will save my ass
Anna (Cadmium): ~~wasnt allowed till i was 16~~
Anna (Cadmium): so let me help u.
Anna (Cadmium): just dont let me do ur cosplay makeup unless you want to be blushed to infinity
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): MAXIMUM ANIME
Marisa (Mawisa): pinged by anime
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO I can usually do it once someone shows me how, I'm a visual learner
Anna (Cadmium): ~~ill also give u some nice highlighters that i was gonna declutter bc i dont wear them and only swatched em~~
I also have literally 30 different blushes
Jess (whoozica): oo i need a new highlighter so bad
Jess (whoozica): i had one i really liked but it broke and went all over my bathroom
Anna (Cadmium): noooooo what was it
Jess (whoozica): winky lux?
Anna (Cadmium): from ipsy?
Anna (Cadmium): lol winky lux is p good i like them
Jess (whoozica): ye! i used to get ipsy will i ended up with like 900 things i didnt use
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.qvc.com/Laura-Geller-Diamond-Dust-Baked-Gelato-Illuminator-w-Brush.product.A290415.html this is my favorite cause its got a two tone shine but like someone tell me why i bought a $30 highlight
Jess (whoozica): cuz i only wear makeup when i go out and like not to work
Anna (Cadmium): was it a gold highlight
Jess (whoozica): nah it was more whiteish?
Jess (whoozica): might have been this one?
https://www.winkylux.com/collections/powder-lights-1/products/powder-lights-birthday-cake?variant=2859606442005
Jess (whoozica): YEA that was it
Anna (Cadmium): i might have something like it if i do ill give u when i see u
Anna (Cadmium): side note i have an incredibly pink one if u want it for mina
Jess (whoozica): 😮
Jess (whoozica): i would love you forever
Anna (Cadmium): ill check ma stash lol
Jess (whoozica): and i would love to use the pink one at katsu! i was just gonna use some sparkly blush
Anna (Cadmium): but yeah i have like a purple-pink blush too and a straight up pink, aaaaaaaaaaand basically lemme check i bet i have something for u
Anna (Cadmium): i have too much makeup to not use it for costumes
Anna (Cadmium): omfg. If we go to color factory. mina would look so awesome in the pink room. but also body paint for a day is a committment so just rwby probs
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): body paint in NYC is not going to fly me thinks.
Anna (Cadmium): you would think but
Anna (Cadmium): have you been to manhattan on a weekend
Anna (Cadmium): no one judges jack shit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I meant for Jess~~
Anna (Cadmium): yea hence why i said thats a commitment
Anna (Cadmium): and i keep spelling that wrong
Anna (Cadmium): ~~we just use photoshop~~
Jess (whoozica): yea prob not, although that would look really cool
Anna (Cadmium): photoshoot it is
Anna (Cadmium): does anyone have a spare arduino i could borrow for rtx if i cant find mine
Jess (whoozica): a what now?
Anna (Cadmium): an arduino. or a raspberri pi
its uhhhhh a tiny programmable computer
Jess (whoozica): OOOO ok see i googled that and i was like "what does this have to do with coaply, but im guessing its for lights?
Anna (Cadmium): o wait theyre like $25 i can buy that
Anna (Cadmium): yea i wanna use it to program a wind up key to make penny look like a wind up toy.
and run lights. But if i have an arduino i can make it turn on with a switch
Jess (whoozica): whoa, das neat
Anna (Cadmium): yea it runs on a butchered version of C+ i think so its like. super easy even for me
Anna (Cadmium): bc i literally switched majors to avoid coding
Marisa (Mawisa): o u aren't talkin about the pokemno
Georgia (Something Sensible): i asked noah and he said he always gets the 35 dollar one from the distributors cause theyre both reliable
Georgia (Something Sensible): Newark Electronics is what he recommended?
Anna (Cadmium): kks. I had one in school but idk if i threw it out. Asking all my old classmates lol. Actually troy might have hers and a breadboard
Anna (Cadmium): which is not a food
Georgia (Something Sensible): lmao
Anna (Cadmium): i knew not saving that dumb piece of electronics would come back to bite me
Georgia (Something Sensible): _eat the breadboard anna_
Georgia (Something Sensible): _do it_
Anna (Cadmium): NO TASTE GOOD
Anna (Cadmium): is too hard
Georgia (Something Sensible): rutgers has a bunch of electronics parts to share with students in the makerspace
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause no one goes there
Georgia (Something Sensible): use ketchup
Anna (Cadmium): ~~steal me a button switch~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Newark, Digikey, and Mouser are good electric component suppliers
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Usually pretty cheap as long as they don't have a MOQ
Anna (Cadmium): a MOQ?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Minimum order quantity
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Some things cost super cheap but only if you buy 1000 of them lol
Anna (Cadmium): ah i see. 
Ye i really need like. minimal things but i wanna be able to program cool light thigns
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My Blake shirt came in today!!! I might style my wig and try on my casual Blake shit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@!289944569410224129> the letter with the poly plastic came!! thank youuuuuuuuu also i fucking love your sticky note LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BUZZ BUZZ MOTHERFUCKER
