Evie (Katheryne Knight): Question

Where do you get that nice stick on/iron on vynal stuff? I have gone to Joann's and I've never been able to.find it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nevermind they sell it at the other Joann's
Anna (Cadmium): Anyone wanna at some point make borderlands cosplay and slav squat by the New Haven CT sign
Anna (Cadmium): In the vague future
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I've been wanting to do Nisha, Gaige, or Maya
Anna (Cadmium): Yaassss. I wanna do gaige but with her pirate head
Anna (Cadmium): And genderbend Wilhelm but like that's lofty goal and. Fuck. Another robot arm
Anna (Cadmium): Why am I like this
Anna (Cadmium): Anna 'all my cosplans involve robot limbs' Kern reporting for duty
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you should consider cutting off a limb and just getting a real one
Anna (Cadmium): I'm not tryna actually be gaige here
Anna (Cadmium): guess what's hereeeee
Anna (Cadmium): I underestimated how much hair is on my real head rip
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WEEEEISSS
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): SCHNEEEEE
Anna (Cadmium): I know so many ppl who do Blake yang and Ruby I gotta cosplay the frosty girl too
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Best girl.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sane girl.
Anna (Cadmium): I was supposed to cel shade today buuuuuut WIG STYLING TIME
Georgia (Something Sensible): she beauty she grace
Georgia (Something Sensible): her head tip to one side because of the wig but then she get used to it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!386874959009415170> how long you staying at Katsu.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thurs-Sun
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You. Should bring Jumin to Katsu.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!351471675843411978> <@!351785752197201920> and <@!301927856240459777> are doing mystic messenger at Sunday.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I saw. And I was tempted. But I think I'm doing Taiyang again. I've been working really hard on this revamp to only wear it for half a day on Friday
Marisa (Mawisa): hewwo owo
Marisa (Mawisa): wearing the same thing twice at a con!?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But I reeeeeaaaally kind of want to
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just need a white cat plushie
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm bringing a realistic looking fake cat for jaehee
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Heck
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Aaah, makes sense to do more Tai then.
Marisa (Mawisa): can take pic brb
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My real hair is closer to his than my Blake wig
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just not black
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Editing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Takes like 2 actual seconds to do that change
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Or dye my hair 🤷
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Go big or go home
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): bringing to katsu for jaehe
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh wtf
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ACTUAL ELIZABETH III
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That is realistic lmao
Marisa (Mawisa): ye the fur is in its eyes but it can be brushed back
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fuck I really want to do it now
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'll already have my suit there
Erik (Red Riot Thot): You know what fuck it I'll wear Taiyang a lot more this year
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Anyone have tips for DIY hair dyeing?
