Evie (Katheryne Knight): Guys 
I found an addition to my casual Blake
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Guess who's about to buy yet another new Taiyang wig ~~for Zenkai~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): How many Taiyang wigs does this make now? lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): umm...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): this will be Mk 5
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm gonna try the Hansel from Arda. I always thought it was similar to the one I got for Blake from Epic Cosplay (which is thicc and longer, and poofy) but I got a Hansel for another cosplay and it's a bit shorter but still has that nice naturally messy look to it which looks more what Tai's hair is than what I have now
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1409/1418/products/d20042b2-b58a-4ec6-8059-cad1474337d1.jpg?v=1537366522
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that should do pretty well 😮 
My Jaune wig is a Hansel. It's really nice. You can fluff it easily or have it lay flatter. Easy to have styled anyway
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That's a mood <@386874959009415170> I'm on wig 4 for Winter
Erik (Red Riot Thot): checking my past orders for shipping patterns to see if maybe I could pay extra for speedy shipping before Katsu.... definitely not...
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Yeah Arda is terrible about shipping out wigs expediently in my experience Erik, so I wouldn't. If it was Epic I'd say maybe cuz even with normal shipping I get wigs from them hella fast
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You could also just grab it at the con. They'll be there as always.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I might actually grab a new Raven wig from them there.~~
Matt (mattmyers25): I thought I saw something where you can pick up wogs from them at katsu
Matt (mattmyers25): Like you order it and then you pick it up there
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~i've been finger crocheting earrings for 15 minutes and i forgot to put the earring clamp on it rip~~
not too late for amazon shipping
and yeah arda does go to katsu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh maybe? Ithink I do recall that being a thing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah my past Arda orders took about a week. The "X-day shipping" means X days from when it ships... so if it takes like, two days to process, and another day to actually ship it...
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Also the unsatisfication wigs is a big mood. I've gone through 4 for Ochako. Still not sure if I'm happy with my current one.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The thing is is that Taiyang is first thing Friday so not really much point buying it at the con
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Honestly the sheer amount of teasing u do for ochako makes it more satisfying
Erik (Red Riot Thot): other than no shipping
Marisa (Mawisa): amazon!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Technically I'm on wig #4 for yang. Damn Xiao longs. 

Unless you buy it Thursday Erik?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): short Amazon wigs are such a gamble
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Amazon wigs are a gamble to start.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't think the dealer's room is open Thursday, or is it?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): What's four wits shipping look like?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Or is it three wits
Marisa (Mawisa): nah most dealers aren't even there thursday
Erik (Red Riot Thot): five wits
Marisa (Mawisa): so close lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Apparently I have zero wits. 
What's their shipping look like tho
Marisa (Mawisa): 98% of my wigs are amazon wigs rip
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh that's true. You are wearing him first.
And I dont think dealers is open on Thurs soo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Marisa literally how
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My head doesn't even fit in them with my hair down
Marisa (Mawisa): i go on amazon
i buy the wig
it arrives
i wear the wig
tadaaa
Marisa (Mawisa): orly? i have hair past my waist and there's no problem
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have lorg head
Marisa (Mawisa): no no
it smart brain
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Mentally ill brain with large skull
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Smart brain but. Large skull
Anna (loud and likely blonde): N thick hair
Marisa (Mawisa): u r an advanced human
Marisa (Mawisa): i share my wigs with u
Erik (Red Riot Thot): my last Five Wits wig shipped the day after ordering
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am a monkey with anxiety
Erik (Red Riot Thot): not sure when it arrived but probably a few days later
Georgia (Something Sensible): late to the party but isnt arda gonna be at katsu?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Hmmm if. It ships next day maybe they have quick ship options ?
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think you can request a wig to pick up there
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Anna same, big head and long hair = eBay/amazon wigs are a crapshoot. I'm such an Epic stan. Their wigs are great quality and free fast shipping. Awesome point system too.
Marisa (Mawisa): o yeah my hair is thin like pencil lead from the last mechanical pencil you want to use on a test because you got it for free at a fair but it was produced cheaply and you forgot all your other pencils
Marisa (Mawisa): epic is great
Marisa (Mawisa): you could say they are
epic
Marisa (Mawisa): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Leanna gets most of her wigs off Amazon and/or Ebay
Matt (mattmyers25): Wig requests for arda for katsu are closed
Marisa (Mawisa): just like my heart
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Only thing I think Arda has over Epic is color variety. I've heard from a few people their quality seems to have dropped. Arda is just too expensive for me most of the time.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Im usually an Arda hoe but I should try epiccosplay then. (I literally have the Arda classic color ring)
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Really? Good to know. Ive only had good things from arda
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Although I need to get a purple lacefront soon so it's gonna be a hell of a gamble who I buy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I wanna try five wits though. Because I can order tea and a wig at the same time
Matt (mattmyers25): I have used five wits for many wigs and like them
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also. To all the guys. Do you actually wear a wig cap or nah I gotta put boy in one for the formal
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I've heard a lot more mixed things about Arda lately than before for where I'd only hear good. Like long wigs being already tangled. My friend got a wig that had less wefts on one side.
Matt (mattmyers25): I do. I always try to because I find it will sit on my head better
Anna (loud and likely blonde): How bizarre Annette. I'll keep my ears open before an order cause that shiz isn't good. I'm just glad my huge ass wig came untangled then....
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): But it's ancedotal so take that with a grain of salt I suppose.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I always do if my hair's long (like it is now) but if my back and sides are at least short, sometimes I nix the cap
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U mean. Ur head nekky under the wig? Scandalous
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Srs ok good to know
Anna (loud and likely blonde): As a long haired person I have no idea how this works with short hair
Erik (Red Riot Thot): like at ANYC my hair was manageable that I didn't use a cap because it was giving me more of a headache
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I love when people ask "how do you fit all that hair under a wig?"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *magic*
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I'm a witch <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *pocket dimension*
Marisa (Mawisa): where the pocket sand is stored
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Matt wears a wig cap cause I make him lol~~
Marisa (Mawisa): trying to get the pattern piece i want from this book is like scouring a map of the globe to find el dorado
Marisa (Mawisa): I found it but it’s different than I thought and will need to be modified more than I was hoping to <:rip:378273525804433408>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can't decide if I want to take another cosplay to change into Thursday (cause don't plan to wear Ikuno long) or just take a cute looking outfit and throw on a wig 🤔
Marisa (Mawisa): b oth
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean a cosplay can be considered as a cute outfit with wig soo xD
Marisa (Mawisa): i once had an impromptu hall photoshoot with a guy on thursday while we were setting up a con (i was on break), lasted a good 20-30 minutes. afterwards he was like, "so what are you cosplaying from?" and i said "nothing i'm just wearing fun clothes" and he seemed so... disappointed? vaguely revolted? and walked away <:rip:378273525804433408>
at least the second time that happened the photog gave me the photos ⭐
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof. So he didn't give you the photos?!
Marisa (Mawisa): nop
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh I did a hall shot for someone once and they were like “this isn’t a costume”.
Marisa (Mawisa): i never got my pyrrha pics back either and that was from someone i thought was a friend
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Was awkward, still ran with it.
Marisa (Mawisa): peeps be lookin pretty
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>  what dicks. They should at least give them back still 😦
Marisa (Mawisa): wait the pattern i thought was the thing i needed was a different thing
i found the real thing it's much better
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): If anyone's desperate
Marisa (Mawisa): watch the lockers fill up
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~his last name sounds like charlton~~
Marisa (Mawisa): one earring done. The bottom shape is wrong because I didn’t have a mold that matched her canon earrings but shhh
Marisa (Mawisa): Just. Just don’t look too closely at it <:pensivecowboy:444350201998868510>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It looks fineeeee 
What is this for again?
Marisa (Mawisa): my bae katarina
Marisa (Mawisa): everything about her is subtly different in every single piece of official art rip
Marisa (Mawisa): i didn't finish the gold on the skirt yet, fire up that guillotine
Marisa (Mawisa): everybody please read otome game no hametsu flag shikanai akuryaku reijou ni tensei shimatta
it's great
Anna (loud and likely blonde): She's so cute omg
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Listen I gotta read bnha I'll get to that eventually
Marisa (Mawisa): change of plans i just superglued myself to no less than 6 items so i shall be cosplaying a katamari to all of katsucon
Marisa (Mawisa): *read girl read*
Marisa (Mawisa): every morning when i wake up i read manga
and every night before i go to bed i read manga and webtoons
and every break is time for manga
so much manga
so little time
read
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I don't think you understand that I leave for work at 8:15AM and get home at 6:00PM maybe and then have to do all the things cause I do not live with responsible ppl
Marisa (Mawisa): great plenty of time for mango 🎉
Marisa (Mawisa): abandom all responsibilities for even more manga time
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Now that my crunch is over u right. 

Do I bring the sword for Weiss even tho like. I cannot bring it into the ball and all I'm. Doing is PJ Weiss and after formal
Marisa (Mawisa): how is your crunch over it's not even the con yet :0
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have been crunching since November thank you very much
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Srs besides packing I'm done idk what to do with myself
Marisa (Mawisa): plenty of time to make another costume
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I made an entire prop already outside of my crunch
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But I COULD start present mic. Or shinso's mask. Or figure out what TF I'm doing day two of toracon
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah if you start those now you can finish them by katsu 👍
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Marisa what should I do. Trash son or loud boi
Marisa (Mawisa): yes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I can't change mid day at that con
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Which do I do FIRST
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Cause imma do both
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Kinda wanna do mic and have to ride dirty in my car cause hair
Anna (loud and likely blonde): No one ever talks about the issues of driving and cosplay
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Cars are not meant for the costumes we wear.
Marisa (Mawisa): do half and half like narutosuke
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): omg my mother and i were in full homestuck cosplay and got lost while driving
Marisa (Mawisa): condesce and feferi. we had to roll the car window down and ask for directions. two grey ladies with horns and fins glued to their faces looking for the convention center.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Has anyone ever worked with tulle or other meshy sheer fabrics before?
Marisa (Mawisa): ye
Erik (Red Riot Thot): how much of a bitch is it?
Marisa (Mawisa): ye
Georgia (Something Sensible): not THAT bad
Georgia (Something Sensible): depends what youre doing with it
Georgia (Something Sensible): i get more frustrated with vinyls or velvets
Marisa (Mawisa): it's easier to sew than you might think but cutting it gets everywhere
Erik (Red Riot Thot): because that's what I plan on using for V2 Blake skirt thingy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): like the purple underside
Erik (Red Riot Thot): also any tips on how to make that would be v helpful lol
Marisa (Mawisa): o ye that should be fine. ruffle it up for a nice poof.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): would I just kind of neatly bunch it up where I stitch it?
Marisa (Mawisa): hmm that could work but be careful or it'll become uneven. there's a trick where you can straight stitch the whole side and then pull on the ends to ruffle it but i always accidentally break the thread with that method. there's also a sewing machine foot for ruffles that makes it super easy, a ruffle foot
Marisa (Mawisa): i'll be using that tomorrow rip
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh wow i never noticed that bit
Georgia (Something Sensible): that looks just like yangs V1 outfit 👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): yang has the same skirt and tulle look
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~stealing looks from her gf~~
Jamie (Jamie): I think i managed to make mostly fuctioning boot covers for this cosplay xux
Jamie (Jamie): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Anyone doing BNHA on pre-reg day?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@386624706612297729> YOOOOO that looks like success to me
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): <@229713389511901185> I'm doing Ochako on Thursday.
Matt (mattmyers25): My sword is here
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its awesome
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OWO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm glad it arrived and got through customs quickly lol. I cant wait to see it in person! It looks so good!!
Matt (mattmyers25): And it breaks into 2 for easy shipping. It does weight 11 pounds
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Easy packing too lol.
And oh damn 😮  a big boii
Matt (mattmyers25): It is but I love it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is it wood?
Matt (mattmyers25): Wood,foam,3d print
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its so nice
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Looks amazing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i have a mighty need to touch that bad boi
Matt (mattmyers25): People may touch it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yaaaay. I will ask prior to touch again however
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Noiceeee
Mark (Mad Doctor): Nice toad-sticker
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Finally almost done with the stupid buns
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Just need to paint in the second time and I'll be finished with the fucker.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): are you ready to ask ppl if they're the mayor. cause it looks it. Do you have ears to wear also?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): For a 12am impulse buy... me like.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *and this is why I can’t have nice things*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There’s a little foam nib in the barrel to be the orange cap? In trying to yeet it out I jammed it down the barrel.
Mark (Mad Doctor): I used an orange foam earplug on my McQrow gun when I did something similar. No one ever noticed
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): <@289944569410224129> The ears and tail are done. I'll have to do a full try on soon. Hopefully tomorrow
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That pretty much what this was.
