Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I got more elastic for arm ribbons and I'm assuming this was returned at one point because it was priced down for a dollar and is just wrapped in paper with a price tag slapped on it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So yeet, saving dollars
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Time to hot glue things to my arms
Matt (mattmyers25): Sounds painful
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> Eriiikkkk
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's low temp, I'll be fine
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Don't hurt burn yourself <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also are you wrapping the elastic around your arm and then gluing velcro to attach it? Or what're you doing to make the arm wraps? 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Curious cause I need to figure something better out for mine
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I made two bands, one to go around my forearm and one on my wrist. Then gonna wrap more spiraling and crisscrossing both ways and gluing where they cross
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And then I'll go the other way
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh. So you gluing it all as one piece and just slip it on as that? 😮
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ye
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh oki 😮
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's basically how I did the other one for mu first Blake but that one I used velcro and it kept peeling
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was thinking of using elastic too but was just gonna wrap and tuck it, probs wouldn't stay though. My current one is thick material so doesn't stay well or look god XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's the bane of every Blake cosplayer's existence
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That and her damned symbol on everything XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh yeah. I always trace the symbol but cutting out a stencil is always a pain
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh noicu! :o
And yea after doing my boots I've kept that stencil for bigger versions and then have a tiny one for gambol shroud xD still annoying to put on things lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): OK NO MORE PROCRASTINATION
Georgia (Something Sensible): ARM BRACER TIME
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I've considered making foam stamps for yang tbh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YES GO GEORGIA
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm. Halfway done with deku wig lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Con crunchhh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I managed to get my Blake wig combed out today and some things fixed. Just gotta glue things tomogether tomorrow then im good?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): This isn't even crunch I just don't wanna pack
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YES SO CLOSE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U CAN DO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wouldn't have to glue them though if the damn liquid stitch had worked... >.>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I 🇧 🍃
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U should try the iron on fuse stuff instead of liquid stitch in the future
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's like. Tape. U put between n iron
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'll make a note of it to try next times
Rebecca (madameterralupus): For now... hot glue for a quick fix. Fuck it xD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMFAO mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~rebecca are you the one doing GB bakugo for cce
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤷🏻‍♀️
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh he
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sorry I misread xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I thought you asked only one LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee I'm doing BakuHoe
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO yeah I know Leanna is gonna do him too. 
If. I bring villain deku can we photos 👀
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm like really living for this AU I keep reading
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Twins lol. And ohhh yiiisss
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I looked at doing a fem! Denki but eh 🤷🏻‍♀️
Georgia (Something Sensible): you could get the girl from "itsy bitsy teeny weeny yellow polka dot bikini" as fem denki tho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Denki shouldn't be anywhere near a pool
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And that can be your excuse
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao Georgia xD
And you right xD he's like Neptune let's just say
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMFAO wait doesn't Neptune shock ppl
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye with him trident
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~lenny~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee with his trident xD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): NEPTUNE AND DENKI ARE ONE AND THE SAME
Anna (loud and likely blonde): both. Uselessly flirting with everyone
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Can't see what's in front of him
Georgia (Something Sensible): tries to be cool
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Denki is cool I would do a female Denki but also like. 
Another..... Yellow.... Wig
Georgia (Something Sensible): DO IT
Georgia (Something Sensible): U WONT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): NO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have kendo to do lok
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Lol*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My wig drawer is overflowing and is just. Solid yellow and purple rn
Georgia (Something Sensible): i got predominantly blonde too i think
Georgia (Something Sensible): not as many as you
Georgia (Something Sensible): but a lot
Georgia (Something Sensible): mmmm red is actually up there as well
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Mine are predominantly blonde and all for the same character 😂
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 🇫
Erik (Red Riot Thot): With the exception of one (1) blonde boi for Goro
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's sad you had so many blonde wigs. And. Had to get another for goro
Jamie (Jamie): So thinking about cce plans and thinking of swim suit sophie from howls moving castle involving bikini and still wearing a short apron in it

Also I have counted having roughly 30 wiga at this point alot of black and slowly gaining more variety with reds and fun colors oh and all the blondes too
Erik (Red Riot Thot): His was special because it was a two-tone undercut
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Omg that would be so cute to do Sophie. I want to do howl at one point but like. All those patterns
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U should 100% do and have. A tiny scarecrow man with u
Jamie (Jamie): Yea i want to see if i can style this gray wavy classic granny wig I got from rebecca to her short gray haired style
Jamie (Jamie): Omg yes I will have to what is a cosplay without a fun ridiculous prop to make normies question everything
Jamie (Jamie): I still miss being diane for this reason cause giant fucking war hammer
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Literally like. What is that? A smoothie. 
No. No we meant the giant ass sword ur holding
Jamie (Jamie): *what sword?*
Jamie (Jamie): Forever deny its exostence
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My hand is so stained from rooting this wig lmfao
Jamie (Jamie): Tdlr or should i scroll up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Broccoli boi in progress
Jamie (Jamie): Yikes but its gonna be awesome I bet
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I hope. I wanna do some villain deku lol
Jamie (Jamie): Yessss oof if chance to i would love to remake the villain deku au vid I found and shared the other day
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Shared on what where I WANNA WATCH
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Will lend cosplay for angst
Jamie (Jamie): Uh i think in the fanart channel is where i tossed it
Jamie (Jamie): Yesss
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I will watch. After I finish this landslide documentary lmao
Jamie (Jamie): Yup it's in fan art not too far up
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): yall think zenkai will allow this dress
Georgia (Something Sensible): the SHOULDERS are BARE
Georgia (Something Sensible): but like its formal tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Georgia that is so fucking cute
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They should 😮 it's not skimpy or anything
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And agreed with Leanna! That's really cute and pretty!
Georgia (Something Sensible): THANK1
Georgia (Something Sensible): the roses are pretty ochako and i need occasions to wear it lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): time 2 summon the awkward dance partners with this dress
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Anyone have black nail polish and remover? By any chance 😬
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh nvm I found black nail polish, just need remover
Georgia (Something Sensible): nope mines at college oof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Heck. Might need to make a pitstop
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I gotta get a new bourbon bottle and gas tomorrow afternoon too.
Jess (whoozica): Oh I can bring remover!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH YOU THE BEST
Jess (whoozica): Ye no prob
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thank you!!!!
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@!351471675843411978> i bring cotton round sleeve again?
Jess (whoozica): Yes plz! ♥️
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If anyone needs any basic things lemme know. I may have them and Im commuting form home each day soo...
Marisa (Mawisa): Can you do me a solid and bring like ten thousand dollars? It’s a basic thing I need
Marisa (Mawisa): Actually wait no. 100 thousand.
Marisa (Mawisa): Pls
Erik (Red Riot Thot): same ☝
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Hands you both a handful of dust* Sorry... me brokey
Rebecca (madameterralupus): But here's 100 thousand pieces of dust LOL
Marisa (Mawisa): I eat the dust thanks
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Eat?!
Marisa (Mawisa): Feast
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Armbands done, the gems are gonna be mounted tomorrow when geoff drops off the resin gems for me
Georgia (Something Sensible): NOW I JUST HAVE ONE BOOT LEFT let’s do this
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~don’t remind me that it’s officially con day now~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Das boot
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): ONE IS A LITTLE SHITTIER THAN THE OTHER BUT FUCK IT GOOD ENOUGH
Georgia (Something Sensible): sleEPY TIME
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://twitter.com/Heyparadiamonds/status/1108580363016654848
Anna (loud and likely blonde): at all yall catras stock up on black spandex or maybe stretch pleather
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'm already on it fam LMaO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it aint black tho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Unless they updated
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): this the leak
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also this
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): mom holy fuck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): to be fair, if you dont zoom in, it looks black
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but its her maroon color and a darker red/brown
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but like basically catra is hot
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): !furry?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Shit okay should I bring Summer Rose or Winter Schnee to Zenkai
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Winterrrr
