Anna (Cadmium): <@245270932602486784> Oki so mine is a Dremel Micro
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): Theres the back specs
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thank
Anna (Cadmium): Ye you probs don't need that high powered bc like I never use more than like half speed
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): WHY AM I LIKE THIS
Anna (Cadmium): WHY DO I HAVE WEFTS FOR A WIG IN A COLOR I DONT OWN
Anna (Cadmium): <@334090409389195266> I blame u. For this. Bc this is all gonna become one wig. Besides the red and orange that's for pyrrha and Nora
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AYYYYYYYY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You're welcome
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): Crunch Is asking if I named him for con crunch
Anna (Cadmium): Oh my God I just found two other wigs
Jess (whoozica): OMG He's so cute 😭
Anna (Cadmium): Someone please tell me what I can do with these wigs because I apparently have a hoarding problem
Anna (Cadmium): Thank. 
If u are ever on Long island he is always around for pets
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Green - Deku? Oobleck 😛 (hehe had too sorry)
Light orangey pink - Mina?
Blue - Fem! Neptune?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Always gotta find new cosplans to use wigs you already own for. I have a wig hoarding problem too XD
Anna (Cadmium): Hmmmmmmm true. 

The orange pink one is like carrot orange or I would totally go for Mina
Anna (Cadmium): What did I even BUY this for???
Jess (whoozica): Is it brown or red?😮
Anna (Cadmium): Red
Anna (Cadmium): It's like almost Arda cherry red but a lil brighter
Anna (Cadmium): Sorry I got like weird lights in my room
Georgia (Something Sensible): My only guess is Erza from Fairytail for some reason
Georgia (Something Sensible): I too realized I have so many blonde wigs that they get their own drawer, especially cause I just styled my Spidergwen/Lux wig lmao
Anna (Cadmium): Lmaooo yea my wigs get their own drawer. I just don't have much room space so. It's a large percentage of my room
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): _wiggies_
Georgia (Something Sensible): +6 others that I don’t really wear but have stored
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have 2 drawer fills of wigs xD almost 3. Oof. (I'm in basement again tonight but will send pic tomorrow lol)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Plus 1 on a wig head since can't be baggie stored.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Niceeee
Georgia (Something Sensible): I like whittling down my wig collection as I find that I don’t wear that particular cosplay as much
Anna (Cadmium): Ur wiggies are so neat
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like I have the wigs from Blossom and Juvia, even if I don’t wear Blossom and Juvia doesn’t fit anymore
Georgia (Something Sensible): I am nothing if not Super Organized™️
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I need to go through my wigs again. I have a lot for stuff I don't do anymore too lol. But hold onto them *just incase*
Jess (whoozica): We have so many wigs in this house with 2 cosplayers
Jess (whoozica): Like we prob have as many as Georgia and we've only been cosplaying like a year and a half
Jess (whoozica): I think we have like 20? I have them all organized by color in a crate
Anna (Cadmium): We need to do a wig swap. Everyone bring clean wigs and trade with ppl
Jess (whoozica): But hoard
Jess (whoozica): Need hoard
Anna (Cadmium): Need hoard but also 
Save monies
Anna (Cadmium): Like I gotta figure out how to make this lace front blue wig look decent on ma head
Anna (Cadmium): I got lacefront tape. But I have a hairline that sits p far down my head. Maybe gel and concealer 

Ahahahah who am I kidding it's fucking for CCE
Jess (whoozica): Drink until the wog look good
Georgia (Something Sensible): Dragon hoard of wigs omg
Jess (whoozica): Yes
Anna (Cadmium): What's ur crafting supply item u would hoard if you were a dragon 
Mine is probably paint
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hot glue for sure
Erik (Red Riot Thot): EVA foam
Georgia (Something Sensible): Paintbrushes specifically
Georgia (Something Sensible): I go into micheals and even if I’m not buying paint I love to go touch the paintbrushes like a weirdo 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol honestly that's me at work. I'm like always touching the fancy artist paintbrushes cause they sooo soft
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh actually, I change mine to Sharpies because I can never fucking find them when I need them
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Or honestly any writing implement
Georgia (Something Sensible): _erik wants to huff all the sharpies oh my_
Mark (Mad Doctor): The latest batch of dry erase markers they bought at my school are the scented kind. Like I'm NOT going to snort them in classes
Anna (Cadmium): together, we make one well rounded crafter.
Anna (Cadmium): oh no why would they even MAKE scented dry erase
Mark (Mad Doctor): Aromatherapy for teachers
Anna (Cadmium): so long as its not pyramid scheme essential oils i guess we really cant complain
Erik (Red Riot Thot): all dry erase markers are scented if you like the scent of dry erase markers 😏
Anna (Cadmium): theyre still scented even if u dont just. they nasty
Anna (Cadmium): help do i get a tiger kigu, a shiba kigu, or rilakkuma
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shib
Georgia (Something Sensible): Tiger or shiba
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm a little biased towards Shibas
Jess (whoozica): SHIBE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SHOOB
Anna (Cadmium): is a yellow tiger, and shib has curly tail
Anna (Cadmium): imma buy shib next paycheck
Anna (Cadmium): if anyone wants a pair of boots that could easily get converted into blakes current boots and wear womens 8-8.5 i gotchu
Jess (whoozica): Oo also if anyone is like an 8ish I have a pair of black Mary Jane's that might fit you
Anna (Cadmium): I have tiny feet for my height ive been told lmao
Anna (Cadmium): IS IT BAD I WANNA MAKE GHOST PYRRHA
Georgia (Something Sensible): :3c
Anna (Cadmium): ~~did i just resign myself to buy another blond wig to be weepy jaune~~
Anna (Cadmium): do it georgia
Anna (Cadmium): be ghost pyrrha
Anna (Cadmium): would that be all white? would that be like the souls in Hercules???  
Time to repurpose the weiss wig
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~can i see those boots~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i might need them for something~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fgoo.gl%2Fforms%2F5wBGWKfLBdzOJTtm1%3Ffbclid%3DIwAR1POp8Y1D_e0Bl0H--_PsruU7Sq1lTumCaNhFlnOpLdSRQQAW2GQpcnX_M&h=AT0smNPemoe8VYSiQ3vv-4cbMYULXJUFWiSjDx5N-pOnpzvNmhO4pPsfDrojOrF7rgfHUKm5KDWmCO9OjqDbZ5B8-DCbWxvXkBzYqvM8OD7sFJscDCHNDFEkVv9Xm8lbSMoQYI6k2pIIGHCN7fZCFO01nsVQRsGFJRIGQxKjjBQRlrnXTKBoW1h2ghLVgoQ3omnjhkdPERa-Gmar0Pn92KqrK5dRNrd6U8wOAXpFQTtLgjiCkc2rRpXky7wXDtqj-IZL-V176odyDVA9IvFPdFqpxiQtRjb0bmAEsatTWKOiLCgwGQ3iQjaXFhiIjekdnQ2GEZDMGLDGOg6FeQqG0x0bAcUgkIih56tMH6Sa7Lk5CvLxyoK1jGFcxnxz0mYWpmP6U4lHmvACbo4mmWeie80lRrCCXwy6xNxn_TBv9bPm48D1mQIrvow16gchi69muExr1TMahT7_JkQztDD-Uu1VQXX35jopB5MhrjwnJFJEI8QhPRnSWgH6hql5Lc80RdClm17_fGUEzOf15uwIKAPb27iBtNGpVl6CoX3FLI03v4PiEO_HwQsd1_52CKhPqpVs35Hq9m_DYrJz4IzVBeZJcrkazd7W_bAGc7EmesvXQlQ7uyRWdAJI5X8tlIWIzLzCvR2vDX3qu5YJzS5INeJq_owNLTk8Q4_WqXhWgc3ktJXArQ Kotoricon feedback <@!386567060026556417> <@!301927856240459777>
Marisa (Mawisa): oooooo
Marisa (Mawisa): "0/10 not enough caramelldansen"
Marisa (Mawisa): i feel like i came off mean and demanding in my feedback, like "more famous guests and more/varied panels" is super broad but that's what I feel they need
Marisa (Mawisa): i put something else but i forgot it already haha oops
Mark (Mad Doctor): Lots of praise for the staff. They were super helpful for issues that came up and were never hard to find
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah staff were really good and wonderful. the way they recruit staff sucks.
Anna (Cadmium): <@!334090409389195266>  Theyre these but the heel is a lil thicker and a lil lower https://www.charlotterusse.com/lace-up-over-the-knee-boots-302610567.html?dwvar_302610567_size=3018&dwvar_302610567_color=001&cgid=boots-booties
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~ i might take you up on that~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im thinking about doing a concept art blake cosplay at some point this year
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yoooo DO IT
Anna (Cadmium): Ill trade u these boots for wig advice lmfao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i give that out for free
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but deal
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.instagram.com/p/BsHUWXTDV_6/?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet <@!301927856240459777>
Marisa (Mawisa): :0 !!!!
Marisa (Mawisa): photoshop but irl
Marisa (Mawisa): reality bending
Anna (Cadmium): i assure u it is not photoshopped
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i would have taken out the mess of a room behind me~~
Marisa (Mawisa): no no like photoshopping the fabric of space
Marisa (Mawisa): magic
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm doing hand gestures to get my point across i hope u can see them, i didn't mean to insinuate it was photoshopped i just meant it's super cool
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm gonna stop gesturing
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg i need you for the day i ever get to making athena lol
Anna (Cadmium): lol i know i was just keepin it goin
Anna (Cadmium): oh yeah i can hella help you with athena especially her fuckin sword
Anna (Cadmium): **pushes you into borderlands again**
Anna (Cadmium): ~~presequel anyone?~~
Anna (Cadmium): <@227431823062466569>  you still got claptrap?
Georgia (Something Sensible): i love athena with all my heart but wheremst is borderlands 3 to re-ignite my enthusiasm
Anna (Cadmium): ill make wilhelm and figure out how to beard
Anna (Cadmium): YEA WHERES BL3
Anna (Cadmium): GIMME
ZombieHunter: No
Georgia (Something Sensible): hunter IS claptrap
Georgia (Something Sensible): plot twist
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I Love some of the character designs of pre sequel but i have so a hard time finishing it or playing it through at all. I don't think I like the gravity thing.😱
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah to be fair the backstory was better than the game.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP
I like Nisha
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That's like it... And Jack's whole deal
Anna (Cadmium): i need to remake the armor bits for nisha for Mag..... hers were cardboard and duct tape
Anna (Cadmium): ok actually wilhelm was my fave and it was incredibly depressing to me that the more you played as him and worked down his skill tree that he turned more and more robot and his voice changed too
Anna (Cadmium): ~~fucking steam tho i lost my saves~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wanna be Nisha badly but I'm utterly horrified to do the cell shading
Jess (whoozica): Don't be! You actually have alot of freedom with it
Anna (Cadmium): *slides in* HELLO
Jess (whoozica): I was thinking about eventually upgrading Lilith to the Borderlands 2/presequel look
Anna (Cadmium): although i will say. getting drunk definitely helps your cell shading
Jess (whoozica): Oh yea. Mine was done while drinking tok
Anna (Cadmium): the only thing to fear with nisha is sweating your ass off in a coat with one arm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~getting drunk helps most cosplay making ive found~~
Jess (whoozica): ~~90% of my Cosplay work is done whole drinking~~
Anna (Cadmium): ~~same~~
Anna (Cadmium): alcoholics over here
Jess (whoozica): Glad I'm not the only one 😂
Anna (Cadmium): literally my entire rwbylands has been while drinking
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it like... boosts my creativity? and motivation???
Anna (Cadmium): it boosts the 'fuck it this is good enough'
Jess (whoozica): I'm not as scared to try new stuff or unorthodox techniques
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^
Jess (whoozica): Yea it helps me not take everything so damn seriously
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Shit I should drink some wine before working on a cosolay
Erik (Red Riot Thot): same...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Or what is your recommendation for the alcohols. I'm a lightweight so it goes theough me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I remember getting drunk and doing engineering homework once
Anna (Cadmium): seriously though im like. tryna get cel shading up to the unachievable level casey and krista have.
Anna (Cadmium): its getting there
Georgia (Something Sensible): /takes notes
Anna (Cadmium): <@!229713389511901185> hard cider
Erik (Red Riot Thot): When I was sober I checked and it wasn't right, but it was close lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Really? Angry orchard?
Anna (Cadmium): ye. Or citizen cider (the red ones only)
Anna (Cadmium): NOT Redds apple ale
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hmm
Well we have a whole thing at the apartment soooooooooo
Anna (Cadmium): hard cider is delicious
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oof Redd's is garbage
Evie (Katheryne Knight): If Chris didn't clean it out -___-
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Redd's isnhoeeivle
Erik (Red Riot Thot): the green apple one isn't bad, but the regular def is
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *is horrible
Anna (Cadmium): its beer
Anna (Cadmium): redds is apple beer
Anna (Cadmium): its a disgrace
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Magner's is a good cider brand. I like the pear cider
Anna (Cadmium): OwO a cider i have not tried?
Anna (Cadmium): 1911 Cider, Citizen Cider, Angry Orchard  are all good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): angry orchard rosé
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is v good
Erik (Red Riot Thot): http://sdmetalcrew.org/site/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/magners_packaging_2015.jpg
Anna (Cadmium): i prefer my rose to be wine
Anna (Cadmium): Oh strongbow is good too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i dont like wine~~
Anna (Cadmium): basically its hard to fuck up cider
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~so the cider one is good~~
Anna (Cadmium): thats ok ill drink it all for u
Anna (Cadmium): i can also give tequila, gin, whiskey, aaaaaaaaand vodka recommendations
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): hit me with that vodka
Anna (Cadmium): Brooklyn Republic
Anna (Cadmium): not the cheapest, but the most smooth
Anna (Cadmium): the lemon lychee is heavenly
Jess (whoozica): Something without an ass load of alcohol content. Like beer, cider, spiked seltzer you don't wanna be drinking wine or anything hard if you're a lightweight. Or make your own drinks with hard stuff but cut the alcohol down (I do this) I am quite often a lightweight as well
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I drink any vodka 
Vodka is my stuff 
I usually don't drink that unless I'm aiming to have a good time
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hard cider and wine are kinda my chill drinks
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mcfreaking love vodka
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And sangrea
Anna (Cadmium): i have some ptsd from some alchohols from college
Anna (Cadmium): like the -reminder-of-near-death
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Pura Still™
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and rum i really like rum
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like a damn pirate
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I can't have Cinnamon Toast Crunch shots anymore
Anna (Cadmium): i cant drink pinnacle
Anna (Cadmium): or everclear
Anna (Cadmium): no one should but i cant
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My friend had 3 shots if ever clear from the party wizards at Zenkai
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He was g o n e
Jess (whoozica): ugh i want pura still so bad XD
Jess (whoozica): y they no sell in jersey
Erik (Red Riot Thot): buy in PA and smuggle across the border
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Chris is a monster who can't get drunk
Erik (Red Riot Thot): that's how I got my mom's Krupnik xD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like Souju is the only thing that gets him
Jess (whoozica): OOO you rmom drinks krupnik?
Jess (whoozica): that shit is gooood
Anna (Cadmium): i wonder if they sell in NY
Anna (Cadmium): probs not
Jess (whoozica): my parents have a bottle and they wont let me have it even though non of them like it
Jess (whoozica): Purastill?
Jess (whoozica): yea its sold in NY
Anna (Cadmium): interesting. sounds like death
Anna (Cadmium): anyways if u catch me almost vomiting after wig styling its the hairspray smells exactly like pinnacle plain
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think more so she was interested in it? A few years ago she made her own and gave them out as presents. So I got her the real stuff this year and hers compared pretty well to the real thing
Jess (whoozica): i used to put it in tea XD
Anna (Cadmium): whiskey in ta
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hot toddy’s are fantastic.
Georgia (Something Sensible): so i have to embed a lions head into my big sword
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://img.fireden.net/v/image/1474/09/1474095657780.jpg
Georgia (Something Sensible): how do i best go about it?
Georgia (Something Sensible): i figure i sculpt it out of [something] and then cover in worbla to get the shaped metal look?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Seems like that was made for 10mm foam
Mark (Mad Doctor): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): SWEET EYEPATCH
Mark (Mad Doctor): The pinhole helps w headache issues
Anna (Cadmium): 10mm foam, or c4 foam clay on top of a block of 10mm foam
Anna (Cadmium): ~~also do you need plastic chain i have so much goddamn plastic chain~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): i MIGHT
Georgia (Something Sensible): i was gonna ask where you got yours lmao
Anna (Cadmium): i have like 18 extra feet
Anna (Cadmium): home depot mail order
Georgia (Something Sensible): holy heck
Anna (Cadmium): but u could only buy it in 25 ft increments
Anna (Cadmium): so i have around 40 ft of extra chain
Anna (Cadmium): i should send some to riley when i mail them my extra worbla....
Jess (whoozica): oo we have that too but ours is smaller
Georgia (Something Sensible): o yeah if you wanna just lump in like 5-8 feet of extra to reiley, thatd be gucci
Georgia (Something Sensible): i could just grab it from them
Georgia (Something Sensible): i can compensate u frend
Anna (Cadmium): ye i gotta find a shipping tube and then whatever fits in the tube on top of the worbla
i send 
i will leave note to reiley that some is yours lmao
Anna (Cadmium): i jusst wanna know who designed that sword it doesnt even look like it could cut things
Georgia (Something Sensible): reiley, uninformed of the chains: i wonder why these are in here...
Jess (whoozica): nothing in nier makes practical sense
Georgia (Something Sensible): the androids have BUTTS
Georgia (Something Sensible): that doesnt even HAVE to be a thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): and yet
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that makes sense
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theyre hot, thats all that matters
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://thumbs.gfycat.com/ScholarlyTeemingComet-small.gif
Anna (Cadmium): reiley, uninformed of chains, having witnessed saturday night....... 
lets not put them through that
Anna (Cadmium): nice butts make it easier for padding if knocked down
Anna (Cadmium): idk
Jamie (Jamie): So my uniform for mina came today and uh it fits mostly but miccostumes not a friend to the big breasted ladies....even in XL so it fita but tight up top oh well?
Jamie (Jamie): 
Matt (mattmyers25): Dont die please
Jamie (Jamie): The tie hides everything wrong haha and the jacket
Jamie (Jamie): Like even weight loss moght help a little but uhhh not gonna help alot in that area xD;
Anna (Cadmium): Sports bra maybe?
Jamie (Jamie): Anyone know a good place for affordable female dress shirts? I think at the least a I need to replace that piece
Jamie (Jamie): Maybe but it practically needs a binder in squish needed
Anna (Cadmium): yikes. 
uhhhh old navy was good to me. Maybe even a thrift store trip?
Jamie (Jamie): Maybe I always have bad luck for dress shirts in thrift stores specially white ones but I'll have to check out old navy
Jess (whoozica): Mines a little tight there too.
Jess (whoozica): Kohl's maybe?
