Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm four episodes into Goblin Slayer. Way darker and more interesting than I anticipated. Adding titular character to my cosplans
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Goblin slayer verrrry dark yes.
Mark (Mad Doctor): From the cover I was expecting a light fantasy romp...holy shit! No one told me Gygax was DMing this game!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’d call it more of a Tucker’s Kobolds.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I like Goblin Slayer. Once you get past THAT scene it turns into a dark fantasy romp with a character who is basically the Doom Guy and a cleric who is done with his shit XD 

Which... Is relatable.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Berserk > Goblin Slayer, for dark fantasy series imo. Couldn't really get in GS. Maybe trying the anime over the manga was my mistake. But the main character does have a great design I will admit.
Mark (Mad Doctor): The armor is intricate, but it looks easy to break down into small, manageable steps. Maybe for next year's Katsu
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Funny enough I helped a GS cosplayer during Katsu badge pickup this year. Dude was nice. I felt bad he didn't have anyone helping him.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Jamie (Jamie): My nephew has expressed he wants to be deku for next zenkaikon 👀
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes plzzz. You should do his mom with him!
Jamie (Jamie): Nah thats my sisters job lol it will be perfect
Jamie (Jamie): He wants to do his hero form too so literal mini deku
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Aahhh yesss
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh nice! That's really pretty'
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you!!
Marisa (Mawisa): oo u found the secret zenkai staircase :3c
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YES IT WAS LOVELY
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *There's a secret staircase and you didn't tell me Mawisaaaaa*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *MAAAwisAAAAAAAA*
Marisa (Mawisa): *i thought u knew
i always encouraged people to go check out the cosplay exhibit and the manga library*
Mark (Mad Doctor): I went to both this year. Never dawned on me to use the site for photos
Jess (whoozica): Omg I forgot to go to that again!
Jess (whoozica): Ahhh Marisa take me with u next year so I can't forget
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I go from Normal Potato to Gucci Potato
