Marisa (Mawisa): Try telling that to Obama as he chases you at high speeds in his crime fighting batmobile
Mark (Mad Doctor): I surrender willingly to the Obama
Anna (Cadmium): I may have made an error in material choice
Anna (Cadmium): Idk if I can heat shape this
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What did you make it out of?
Anna (Cadmium): Great question. I think it's a sheet of PVC?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I like how you think and aren't totally sure 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If it's PVC you should be able to heat shape it
Anna (Cadmium): Lol I ordered it from tnt but forgot what it was   whelp. We gonna find out if I can
Anna (Cadmium): Also I think I made enough spikes for yang for katsu
Anna (Cadmium): I'm totally bullshitting this rn
Anna (Cadmium): And I'm hoping I can stick all these on with spirit glue
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do they gotta go on your body? 😮
Anna (Cadmium): Ye
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh. I figured maybe they'd go on the outfit somewhere. Hopefully spirit glue works. Just don't put body paint where they are going maybe? 😮 Might not stick as well
Anna (Cadmium): See I was gonna do that but. I need to make a giant arm first and need to make a sleeve for that. But for katsu I'm gonna have to just use body paint
Anna (Cadmium): The nails are going on with nail glue tho
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So... I'm gonna buy a new wig for Summer XD
Jamie (Jamie): I mean long as choose fast shipping i'd think be fine with getting before katsu ya?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I'm getting it off amazon 

Idk else where to find a long wig like that
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I need a longer one so I have more hair to style and find where everything lays before I cut it
Jamie (Jamie): ~~if your interested I could send the link with the one I have from eBay you could look at, its so fucking durable which is why i put it out there~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm very interested
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Would it get here in time?
Jamie (Jamie): Thats why i say look at determine if ship fast enough or not overall cost is good deal
Jamie (Jamie): https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F272728761519
Jamie (Jamie): Its telling me feb 1st to arrive so
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You are a blessing thank you ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Jamie (Jamie): Your welcome hopefully it works out well for you 😁
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm sure it will!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you so much
Anna (Cadmium): OwO 
I am excited for this new wig bc. 
I love watching ppl style wigs
Anna (Cadmium): Also I burned myself on my heat gun rip
Mark (Mad Doctor): Home with sick kid today. Time for costest.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌 Yass Mark!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Looking awesome so far~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Thanks! And behold the maelstromic glory of our crafting room!
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): What day are you doing Odin? Friday?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Apparently a big cosplayer got in trouble for posing on someone’s gravestone at a cemetery
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof what a big no no
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): with their bare ass
Georgia (Something Sensible): _with their bare butt?_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mhm
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof that’s just foolish
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): well she was in like a thong
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There's been a lot of drama recently, but I keep missing the sources of it and I'm like *this is okay*.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so yea her bare ass was oll over someone tomb stone
Georgia (Something Sensible): Wow so disrespectful
Georgia (Something Sensible): I heard a couple people debating the ethics of posing in a cemetery
Georgia (Something Sensible): I didn’t know there was a course of this debate til a minute ago
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I've never considered it. It's just not right.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Some people made it worse by saying "hey, I wouldn't care if someone pissed on my grave" implying it was ok for them to do it to others
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea like ok its one thing to take RESPECTFUL photos in a graveyard, like not climbing on tomb stones or anything wacky, and its another thing entirely to wear a very skimpy nurse outfit and a thong and climb all over the stones
Georgia (Something Sensible): I feel like I would stay far away from the graves themselves, and only really use the architecture or fauna, but even then I’d be tongue in cheek about it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): phots standing in a graveyard not disrespecting anyone, wearing clothes that are APPROPRIATE
Mark (Mad Doctor): Artoriagrey posted a pretty good set of guidelines, and some pretty good graveyard shots
Marisa (Mawisa): some people say older cemeteries are better because i guess... everyone's been dead for centuries?
but that's still so super messed up. i don't think cemeteries should be used for cosplay at all. maybe a wide shot that shows the entire graveyard with someone walking around them for a serious shoot? but even that is bordering on big no territory
go to the halloween store november 1st and make your own graveyard
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think personally i would draw the line at taking photos by the gate
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah when it goes from cemetery to memorial, you should be okay
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm with Leanna.
Georgia (Something Sensible): But even then climbing over the graves is like wut
Mark (Mad Doctor): I never even considered editing names off of stones, but it makes sense (says the guy who puts a "Pyrrha Nikos" gravestone in his front yard every Halloween)
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OOF
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's respecting the dead, and as a something religious that important. I won't fuck around in church either, unless I had a pastor's permission.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah having the names would be disrespectful
Georgia (Something Sensible): _old man Jenkins wants no association with your costume plays kids_
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The places are sacred and should be respected, if not to you than to the people who do find it so.
Georgia (Something Sensible): For the low cost of Free™️ you can respect the dead
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah what's the general consensus on photoshoots at memorials?
i guess it depends on the memorial? and what you're doing like obviously don't stand on the memorial and such
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): feel like memorials would be weird. Like, Ruby, posing by a vietnam memorial? What kind of canon is that?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Well there’s memorial gardens and such
Georgia (Something Sensible): Grey Towers probably has a memorial component somewhere on the grounds honestly lol
Marisa (Mawisa): no no no yeah not a vietnam memorial or anything
yeah like "veterans memorial flowergarden" and stuff where it's not dedicated to any one dead person
Mark (Mad Doctor): Laurel Hill in Philadelphia seems a special case. The management seems to host a lot of irreverent events, like concerts and flea markets
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Graves are different than flowers.
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah
lemme find an example
Marisa (Mawisa): you see this memorial. you see a cosplayer taking pictures there. thoughts?
~~this is all hypothetical~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): is fine.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea i think it's fine to take photos there, would be some weird ass photos but nothing against morals i think
Marisa (Mawisa): it's quite similar to the little area outside the hotel at animenext and a lot of people were taking pictures there so i was curious
Anna (Cadmium): i think it really depends what you're doing with the graves, whos there, and whats going on. like spiderman crying in front of stan lee's grave? Sure. 18th century mausoleum you wanna dress like a vampire near? sure. Distasteful stuff doesnt become acceptable when in cosplay
Anna (Cadmium): like i feel if its a landmark item it makes it acceptable but get ur nudity away from tombstones. 
and thats coming from someone who wants to be creamated and just put in a box in the ground
Anna (Cadmium): also if its a deconsecrated cemetary it gets even more touchy with because thats technically not a cemetary anymore but you still shouldnt be doing weird shit there
Marisa (Mawisa): i think the spiderman or vampire thing would only be ok if you knew the person who was buried at the grave, otherwise it's a bit rude to be standing on top of a random dead person for fun (even if the pictures themselves give off a sad vibe it's still for entertainment)
Georgia (Something Sensible): _sorry great grandma gotta do this for the memes_
Anna (Cadmium): i mean like if you actually visited stan lee's grave or something. like if its a destination tomb
Anna (Cadmium): ~~we dead did laps in the graveyard back home for track that was weird now that i think of it~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theres a graveyard across the street from me and people go through there on their morning jobs and stuff
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats not as weird to me
Georgia (Something Sensible): some people use graveyards as a contemplative place
Georgia (Something Sensible): it _is_ pretty quiet
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mean, basically _dead silent_
Anna (Cadmium): u just. really gotta think long and hard about your intent and what you're going to do. like its entertainment but its also kinda doing art?
Anna (Cadmium): so like. r u gonna go visit the vietnam memorial as captain america 
or are you gonna go dress like the joker and stand over a cop's memorial
Marisa (Mawisa): ooo. in that same vein then it's like, is it ok to use real bones in arts and crafts. like people who buy rat bones or scavenge for bird bones for craft materials.
Anna (Cadmium): yay ethics
Anna (Cadmium): i mean personally i get my bones from roadkill
Anna (Cadmium): so its kinda like. its already dead
Georgia (Something Sensible): legally youre allowed to take any deer you hit and use it
Georgia (Something Sensible): i guess its making the best of a bad situation
Anna (Cadmium): my brother scavenges and lets the roadkill decompose like he buries it and then reclaims the bones n stuff
Anna (Cadmium): or beer/hot water in the winter and scalpels n stuff
Anna (Cadmium): so i have a legit tiny deer antler on my katsucon costume
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea on that topic, i think if its already dead, theres no harm in making use of the materials it gives
Anna (Cadmium): to him its just like picking up bird feathers and like im inclined to agree
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): at least thats what i learned in native history
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): HUMAN bones however
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): howd yall even get those
Anna (Cadmium): i mean thats what i learned from living in the middle of nowhere and. pagan.
Anna (Cadmium): lmfao yeah uhhhh if u find a human bone. cops
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEAAA
Marisa (Mawisa): i don't mind what other people do with stuff but i place animal and human bones/whatever on the same level as each other ~~humans are just more animals~~ so it all freaks me out
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.livescience.com/61972-bag-of-severed-hands-siberia.html
Marisa (Mawisa): dont worry about it
it's fine
Marisa (Mawisa): it's fine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "probably not criminal"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 🤔
Anna (Cadmium): lmfao it was a forensic lab improperly disposed of em
Marisa (Mawisa): u ever see a body farm?
Anna (Cadmium): ye body farms are interesting
Anna (Cadmium): ~~youre talking to the person who almost went to school to be a mortician~~
Anna (Cadmium): but anyways like i have a tiny shed deer antler for my costume
Anna (Cadmium): i dont count that as like, disgraceful
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea me neither
Anna (Cadmium): like its comin off whether the deer wants it or nah
Marisa (Mawisa): shed stuff is fine. it's like a kid's tooth or someone's toenail.
Anna (Cadmium): exactly
Anna (Cadmium): so i added it to my katsucon kodama
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay I am too lazy to read all these posts buuuttt here's my tea on the situation. Snowthesaltqueen, the one who caused this graveyard uproar is *very* problematic. I found her on TikTok (then musically) and had been following her for a bit. She tends to like to cause uproars. She's always calling people out, and starting shit. Yet never sees any wrong in her doings. I've only been following ehr for maybe half a year... and in the time she's dropped so many friends for various reasons. My though now is, it's not them that's the problem. It's her. She tends to ignore or remove any backlash at her. She will not say she is in the wrong ever, she's too worried about her "image" getting ruined I guess. She's a good cosplayer but she's too drama filled... 
Like this issue with the grave stone, it's fine to shoot in a graveyard but you got to do it carefully... Her sitting on someone's headstone trying to look sexy in her skimpy ass outfit is not the way you go about it. Yet again, she see's not problem in it. Like I am sorry... if someone sat on my grandfather's headstone I would be pissed enough already. But the fact she did it too in a skimpy outfit and her basically bare ass is on it is very disrespectful. I would flip shit....
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): kinda gross but, im making a Hanna cosplay in the nearish future, and for that costume she wears a lot of elf pelts. my boss owns a deer processing facility and they often just throw away the deer pelts, so to me using that isnt unethical because it's going to be thrown out anyway and those deer would be processed no matter what. best to make do with what i have at hand.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yikes rebecca
Anna (Cadmium): y i k e
Anna (Cadmium): WHAT THE FUCK can you get me a deer pelt
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea probably
Anna (Cadmium): thats awesome
Anna (Cadmium): LIT
Anna (Cadmium): will pay for ur troubles
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have deer antlers sitting in my basement I plan to use for a ren faire deer character outfit some day 🤷 Grandpa just had them laying around from a deer he hunted soo. I feel bad using them cause how the deer went ~~i don't like hunting.~~ but it was many years ago so can't do anything about it sooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): i agree with the "stuff getting shed" mentality
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think they had a debate on making laws as to whether or not people can sell their own kidneys
Anna (Cadmium): see i thought i would be against hunting but when those bastards keep eating your garden and causing your property damage. Makes me wanna go get gun training
Georgia (Something Sensible): and they deemed it legal to sell anything that can grow back
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): anyways yeah my instagram is blowin up about this girl in her dangan booty cosplay
Georgia (Something Sensible): crazy to see how quickly stuff propagates
Marisa (Mawisa): my insta is all cosplay memes where y'all seein' this
Anna (Cadmium): my family has lost like 2 cars to deer and like. we have an electric fence with a moving gate because of deer. 

~~mostly i just find out drama from zombie~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee it's blowing up on mine too cause I follow a lot of Dangan Ronps.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol Zombie got the teaaa~
Marisa (Mawisa): oh it was a darn ron paul cosplay??
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i kinda wanna give her a box of tea at katsu~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Darn Ron Paul* Lmao
Georgia (Something Sensible): im seein it on tons of people
Georgia (Something Sensible): even problematic cosplayers are posting about it saying how bad it is
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee she did Mikan's despair outfit in a graveyard... and it's v skimpy. Her skirt is so short her ass was just straight up on the headstone of some random person. Like yikes...
Marisa (Mawisa): oooh noooo
i can't find anything about it i'm just hoping it's not one of the peeps from our dangle ropes katsu group
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are you in the group with Momochi?
Marisa (Mawisa): who dat :0
we have a facebook group with our real names let me see if i can find everyone's social media
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LOL maybe not then
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think they were to be in that group but had to drop. I saw Momochi post that she was glad they did cause she'd kick her out now lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Sam is Momochi's irl name?~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 🍵 🍿
Marisa (Mawisa): i know our ibuki just dropped out because she can't go to the con
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A mood Leanna XDD
Marisa (Mawisa): naw no sam in the group <:rip:378273525804433408>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Me with all the drama lately. Just siting here watching and snacking on popcorn sipping alll this crazy tea up XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And ahh okay, you aren't in the group they were to be in then lol
Marisa (Mawisa): :0 !!
Marisa (Mawisa): are there multiple groups woah
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I guess so XD
Marisa (Mawisa): just checked and we need an ibuki, a mikan, a fuyuhiko, a teruteru, and a monomi. there's no gundam in the group chat but i assume we have one? they didn't say we needed one. i could've done monomi but my sonia costume is easier.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is that who you are being?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sonia?
Marisa (Mawisa): yee
Marisa (Mawisa): i met some really nice ring ding cosplayers in japan, like a mukuro/junko duo and a peko/kuzu duo who were super nice and were like "*you're not japanese you're the real sonia*" and i gave them cookies and it was fun times all around. they were so nice.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awwww
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *-checks Honeycolor status-*
*Delivery was attempted*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/272844811421945952/96D3E0F55F503C94FF2D3D1FA0509230EE847FDA/
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 😑
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I always love when tracking says that. Like how? Just.. take it and put it into my mailbox?? There should be no attempt. Only do XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My guess is because no one was home they couldn't deliver it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do you need to sign for them?
Marisa (Mawisa): they were too big and heavy. couldn't lift it from the truck. maybe next time.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Not that I'm aware of?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤷 Weird
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Should be able to just leave them then if notO.o
Erik (Red Riot Thot): idk, it's DHL so not sure what they're policies are for if no one's home. I looked it up and it looks like if I got a missed delivery card I should be able to schedule a new delivery time for the same day as long as it's before 10:30pm
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea idk either. I know DHL is a little different than most though lol. Hopefully they get to ya soon~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What charas are the contacts for? 😮
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh wait, no that was from their European site.... not sure if applies to States
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Tai
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nicu 👌
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ```all international shipments require a signature for delivery unless waived by the shipper (NSR)```
Erik (Red Riot Thot): fuck
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn :\
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hopefully they left a card and you can pick it up from the post office location? Cause if not they just gonna probs keep delivering it while you're at work 😮
Anna (Cadmium): srs since when does DHL actually care about signing theyre like the crappiest shippers ever
Jess (whoozica): Fuck I ordered from them too
Jess (whoozica): But last time they left it?
Jess (whoozica): 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RIP
Jess (whoozica): I live how it was like shortly after I left too
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah mine was at 8:40
Erik (Red Riot Thot): hoping I can go to the pickup center and get it tonight? otherwise their FAQ is saying that I'll have to sign the ticket or leave a note on the door saying to deliver without signature
Jess (whoozica): ooo ok that works for me
Mark (Mad Doctor): DHL is the worst. Turns out you have to contact them before delivery to get them to leave something at your door
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My dad had issues with FedEx ground a couple months ago. He ordered my mom a cell phone and I guess because it contained a lithium ion battery it required a signature, but no one is home during the day so they kept trying to deliver. My dad had several heated phone calls trying to arrange a convenient delivery and they kept fucking up. He eventually had to drive like an hour and a half to the pickup center they took it back to
Erik (Red Riot Thot): because for whatever dumb reason they couldn't take it to the pickup center that's two minutes away from our house
Marisa (Mawisa): what do you guys think of my Katsu progress? I feel like I’m really making a lot of headway
Anna (Cadmium): did you. did you actually just sew that
Jess (whoozica): I saw that on your story and died
Anna (Cadmium): because that is QUALITY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh my GOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fklfhasdkl;lasd
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Marisa (Mawisa): Thanks I was really unsure about the fabric but it seems to be working ok
Anna (Cadmium): please meme that
Anna (Cadmium): put that shit on reddit
Anna (Cadmium): is that white denim
Marisa (Mawisa): Naw it’s broadcloth omg I wish I had denim
Marisa (Mawisa): Can’t wait to finish this piece
Anna (Cadmium): ugh i wish i picked broadcloth for my stuff. how durable is it?
Anna (Cadmium): I bought like 6 total yards of denim for Evie Frye but also plan to wear her to some COLD conventions
Marisa (Mawisa): Pretty strong. I’m using it for my hoop skirt because I wanted it to be stiff and it’s really durable. Just frays on the end but it survived me stabbing it with dull pointless needles
Anna (Cadmium): oh excellent
Anna (Cadmium): im gonna get that for Steam penny
Anna (Cadmium): how heat retaining is it
Marisa (Mawisa): Hmm. Like t-shirt quality
Anna (Cadmium): EXCELLENT
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i would like to not pass out in texas in july~~
Anna (Cadmium): like seriously imma be wearing all black too
Marisa (Mawisa): I was looking back at my edea pics recently and I look so hot. Three layers of full body fleece and vinyl in 100 degree Baltimore weather. Was fun!
Marisa (Mawisa): Ahh memories
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My contacts did come 👌🏻
Jess (whoozica): Me: "yay only 2 weeks till katsu!"
Also me: "fuck only 2 weeks till katsu!'
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Same
Matt (mattmyers25): It's the final countdown
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think the free contacts they gave me are yellow which is super convenient because I was going to get contacts for Blake
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Bless you Honeycolor
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i think mag got green contacts she cant use cause they sent the wrong prescription. anyone a.... +1.5 i think?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Katsu status update GO:
Anna (loud and likely blonde): -need to repaint pants for athyrra. (waitin on amazon)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Wow these blue ones are even worse than TTDEYE
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fuck my brown eyes
Marisa (Mawisa): does anyone know any place that sells cheap men's khakis. i need them for ray and amazon is all $25+
actually maybe goodwill has some
Jess (whoozica): I got brown and blue and a free brown...
Jess (whoozica): Marisa what is your waist measurement?
Marisa (Mawisa): i've been eating junk food since i got home it's like 27
Jess (whoozica): Ill look through Tom's stuff for you
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~why you cosplayin' MC when you should be cosplaying the savior because you are a savior~~
Marisa (Mawisa): thank
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh yeah my second pair is brown
Anna (loud and likely blonde): rip
Erik (Red Riot Thot): One (1) shade lighter
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~Just genderbend ilia
Marisa (Mawisa): this is what you look like
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wait nvm shes got blue gray eyes
Jess (whoozica): What do the blue look like Erik?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): PUT THAT BACK MARISA
Anna (loud and likely blonde): UNCANNY VALLEY
Marisa (Mawisa): have you seen the whole trailer
Anna (loud and likely blonde): NO AND I DONT WANNA
Marisa (Mawisa): they made the whole movie like that
Marisa (Mawisa): modern art
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~no~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): srs Erik what do the blue look like how bad we talkin
Marisa (Mawisa): This is the peak of Human Evolution, you may not like it but thats what the perfect Human looks like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cislZ9S0ocA
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~do i try to put on my sclera lenses
Jess (whoozica): Lmao so the blue ones make my eyes look bigger and I legit said "I look like that battle angel movie girl"
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH
Jess (whoozica): Ignore no make up and dark circles plz
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): These suck
Marisa (Mawisa): y'all look so kawaii
Jess (whoozica): I mean they cool af but I'm assuming not what you were going for
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So guess who is gonna try and bake a fuck ton of cookies for the RWBY shoot Friday
Marisa (Mawisa): who
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok yall thats. kinda unsettling
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~doesnt help youre tryna point out the eye color so photo is very big brother staring~~
Jess (whoozica): Omg I hate the vials these come it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i save mine for crafts
Anna (loud and likely blonde): pls no one stare deadpan at me with colored contacts i am unsettled
Marisa (Mawisa): i can't wear contacts but i'm good at deadpan staring i gotchu covered
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i think i freaked myself out with purple contacts the first time i wore em
Anna (loud and likely blonde): You missing nothing. theyre annoying but im committed
Jess (whoozica): Now I have big brown eye
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need to go get REAL contacts soon for my real vision
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but they so expensiveeeeeee
Marisa (Mawisa): jess's eyes have molded into one :0
Jess (whoozica): Contact selfie incoming
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH!!!
Jess (whoozica): 
Marisa (Mawisa): how do your eyes feel
Marisa (Mawisa): i've wanted to wear contacts for cosplay, not even colored ones even just prescription ones but my eyes are too bad
Marisa (Mawisa): even weak eyedrops are painful to put in
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it makes you incredibly aware of your eye being there.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i have to get like. biotrue super gentle n natural contact solution
Anna (loud and likely blonde): anything else BURNS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but like they sell it at costco so
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@386874959009415170> sweety k Cherish blue from uniqso worked for me, I had the same issue with finding blues that would cover my eye color
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): My eyes arent brown though they're dark hazely green though so idk if this info even helps you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Jess (whoozica): Oh wow those are really pretty shit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i have blue eyes but they arent blue enough help~~
uhhhh also Vassen Dolly plus worked on mag and her eyes are like. black.
Jess (whoozica): I wasmnt those now 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yoooooo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): those look epic omg
Jess (whoozica): Oof those would be way better for 2B than what I got
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The blue ones I got are the Dolly and they suck
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and like. if it was darker n ur pupil wasnt tiny af they would look natural
Anna (loud and likely blonde): really? how weird. are they dolly or dolly plus
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They really nice and bluee
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.pinkyparadise.com/EOS-Dolly-Eye-Blue-p/e2-v209lb-bl.htm
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!386874959009415170>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Plus
Anna (loud and likely blonde): weird. Maybe thats why theyre discontinuing that one (i just saw the notice rip)
Anna (loud and likely blonde): leanna stop looking so pretty
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh I also got new blue ones in a different brand for catras one eye
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Let me try it on and show you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Maybe they will be good too
Jess (whoozica): These ones?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just checked Honeycolor's blue section again and literally all of them showed brown eyed people with half of their iris showing in the center lmao
Jess (whoozica): My Iris shows a little but not like half
Anna (loud and likely blonde): maybe u need to ditch honeycolor for blue contacts
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea those jess
Jess (whoozica): I'mma try those uniqso ones next, I'm gonna try to convince myself I don't need them right now tho 😬
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I can't for the life of me find light ass ice blue ones for Winter
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah same
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I found a good pair on Pinky but I don't want to get my doctor's signature
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Darker blue, not as good
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Those would be perfect color for Taiyang
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But with my eyes would probably be too dark
Erik (Red Riot Thot): RIP
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea I'd say to go for a lighter blue and your eyes will darken them
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Someone recommended the Sweety brand from uniqso
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They're sweety sky blues
Erik (Red Riot Thot): They look pretty good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Not really sky color but .... ok lmao
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Someone on the site said they showed up well on her dark brown eyes
Jess (whoozica): My eyes are pretty similar to your Leanna 😮
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I know the sweety k ones will show up on your eyes erik
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They're kinda light tho so maybe look of they have a shade darker for tai
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Probably going to try those next
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But they're like SUPER opaque but colored realistically
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So they dont look scary
Jess (whoozica): Yea they are nice af
