Jess (whoozica): Opps Tom and I accidentally bought a pattern that starts at size XL when he's an XS
Jess (whoozica): Good thing he can math and it's a simple pattern
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Thicc boi Tom
Tom (tomukuncosplay): You have no idea how thicc I can become when startled
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Like a amorphous pufferfish
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 😍
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Gotta Wear big clothes like almight
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Cept far less manly
Matt (mattmyers25): My qrow sword is about to ship
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I just figured out a new technique. If you are rounding edges of foam with a dremel and they come out kind of rough, run a lighter along them and then smooth them out with your finger. It helps
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I mean, probably not new, but new to me
Marisa (Mawisa): Just light your costume ablaze
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ayyy looking really good so far!! 🙌🏻
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Grazie! Just gotta add the shoulder straps
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ayyy that cane out great
Georgia (Something Sensible): who likes donuts, my buddy is selling a dozen and pick up is katsu morning
Georgia (Something Sensible): do i buy donuts for katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): react donut if yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): react anything else for no
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): DONUT
Georgia (Something Sensible): _they krispie kreme_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH MY GOD IM DROOLING
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THOSE ARE THE BEST
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh hell yesss fam
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Can't you just astral project one at me pls
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'll personally deliver you one so that you can experience the joy everyone else will be experiencing
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 🙏 bless you
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are you not going to Katsu kurtis? 😮
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I'm not 😭 but am going to zenkai
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wooo Zenkai!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *D O N U T*
Matt (mattmyers25): Shut up and take my money <@245270932602486784> krispy kremes are amazing
Georgia (Something Sensible): 🇩 🇴 🥜
Georgia (Something Sensible): does anyone want me to buy them an extra dozen
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes do the nut
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do the nut
Georgia (Something Sensible): for 10 dolla
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Fuck Matthew can we buy donuts for the room?!
Georgia (Something Sensible): i can pay for any boxes now and yall can give me cash at katsu or paypal
Georgia (Something Sensible): and its to support my buddy sam so wins all around <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yass!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I love these so much
So much better than my last ones
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AHHH THEY LOOL GREAT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): THANK!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): We all gonna be carbo loaded at katsu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bagels AND donut??
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): We gonna be bloated for cosplay!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Carbo load and get drunk
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Alchohol is also carbs
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So like I was making this armor so nice with cement and now I gave up and I'm just hot gluing everything
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm gonna be on my period sooooooooo
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yep
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'll be bloated and pissy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oof that absolutely blows
Jess (whoozica): That's the worst 😭
Jess (whoozica): I checked three things off the con crunch list tonight 🙏
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ayyy good job!
Jess (whoozica): My back is absolutely killing me but hey whatever
Jess (whoozica): Thank! Feels good since I feel like I got nothing done all weekend 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I didn't finish what I wanted to but I still got really far
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Only stopping because I want the piece I cemented to set more and also I need to use the dremel and people are sleeping
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Feels. 

Also one thing you can do to smooth down rougher edges you can't hit with a sander is take a soldering iron or a wood burner with a flat attachment to it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It'll melt it down now and flat
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Or rather whatever angle you want
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Uhhhh any rec's for a binder for cosplay 
Ya girl doesn't wanna break a rib
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Trash son is added to my cosplans
Rebecca (madameterralupus): GC2B
Jess (whoozica): ☝️
Jess (whoozica): I hear underworks is good too but mine is GC2B
Jess (whoozica): 
Jess (whoozica): That's how flat mine gets me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I have some big ass tiddies gc2b is pretty good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I need to reorder my binder. I didnt get the correct size. But now have no clue what size I need.. RIP~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Gr9 thx. I don't have the biggest knockers but my ribcage is huge
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Lol Rebecca I'mma donate some of my plethora of tape measures to you
Anna (loud and likely blonde): N then. We find ur size
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao someone just properly measure me cause idk if I'm ever doing it right xD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Fug I gotta finish my yang with if bee companies are tryna send me stuff
Anna (loud and likely blonde): BNE saves the bees; one of our 3 fundraisers. 
Which feel I should dead start selling stuff to fundraise idk what to do with myself otherwise
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *my myrtenaster pieces shipped*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@334090409389195266>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i need it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh that's cute!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://thesweetbeeco.com/ have fun
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AHHHHHHHHHHHH ITS TOO CLOSE TO KATSU
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i want
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so many
Anna (loud and likely blonde): shopping s🇧ree after katsu?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): bad.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so like it doesnt help i love actual bees so much
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ same
Anna (loud and likely blonde): little bumbling fuzzies
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): everything on this site is adorable... but then theres THIS:
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~au ruby is a beekeeper and desperately trying to wingman her sister and their accountant blake into a relationship~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need to write that
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): pretty good.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok sometimes ppl have different tastes leanna.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): People don't have a taste for THAT.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i respect that but this is bad taste
Anna (loud and likely blonde): kids might
Anna (loud and likely blonde): they all like weird stuff these days
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~this is the company that wants me to pick something n i guess post about it~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): help me pick a bee shirt
Jess (whoozica): oo like a promo?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "i'm the bees knees"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): do a yang photoshoot
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk i guess. 
lmao i love the "give bees a chance"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and the sketched stuff
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the bracelets are super cute too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH I DIDNT SEE THAT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): HNNNNG WANt
Anna (loud and likely blonde): AFTER KATSU
Anna (loud and likely blonde): or u can show up to the rwby pj party in it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~im gonna do penny in the pj shirt i had such an issue making~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BUT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i still want bee pjs
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): >.>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its ok im going as weiss cause i found a shirt that says "chill out"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i convinced my blake to do beedoir with me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😏 🐝
Anna (loud and likely blonde): nice
Dizzy: https://i.imgur.com/MmjqHto.jpg
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): !lewd 👌
Anna (loud and likely blonde): mag convinced me to beedouir but i like. am not bringing a fifth wig to katsu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://thesweetbeeco.com/collections/accessories/products/honeycomb-heart-stb-necklace LEANNA
Jess (whoozica): this is so cute https://thesweetbeeco.com/products/honeycomb-landed-bee-necklace
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LEANNA WE NEED THESE
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): grimmbeedoir.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA WE DO
Jess (whoozica): oh hey double necklaces lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah honestly mag wants to do that but like idt she understands how much body paint my shit involves ~~and my freaking outfit is basically bourdoir to begin with
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Go beeig or go home.
Jess (whoozica): these would be cute with yang in the yellow and blake in the grey, or vice versa. https://thesweetbeeco.com/collections/apparel/products/save-the-freakin-bees-graphic-tee
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://thesweetbeeco.com/collections/accessories/products/elegant-golden-bee-hair-clips biiiiiiitch
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FUcK
Anna (loud and likely blonde): IM GETTING THE TWO IN COLORS THATS IT I NEED IT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): FACK
Anna (loud and likely blonde): bne accidentally becomes the biggest promoters of the sweet bee co
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~did you mean Leanna alone~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theyre going to see a sudden influx of purchases
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): made by me
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Leanna releases like, 30 photoshoots all of them with sweetbeeco products.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "this fucking crazy woman bought every item except the bee bag"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lmfao i wonder if i tell them how you're planning to buy half the store if they'd give u a coupon
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i really will
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahhh all these products are so cute
Matt (mattmyers25): So my sword is being shipped, but look at the quote the commissioner used
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the "YAAAASSSSS" from Rebecca makes it even better lmao
Matt (mattmyers25): It does lol 
The quote references winter I think
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh def.
Jess (whoozica): does nayone have any go to shoe inserts that make heels more comfortable? they are boots but they kill me
Anna (loud and likely blonde): dr scholl's was always good to me
Jess (whoozica): any one in particular or are they all pretty good?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO my yasss 😂
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i never noticed the difference. I dont like the ones that u can feel the gel on tho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i prefer the foam-surface ones on. Otherwise i sweat
Georgia (Something Sensible): Honestly I want some fuckin bee clothes too they’re so cute
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Photogra🐝
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lets all save the bees
Anna (loud and likely blonde): buy bee clothes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): show up en masse. call ourselves a hive
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~whos the queen bee~
Georgia (Something Sensible): _how do we get them to sponsor all the yangs_
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i wonder if i can convince them that RWBY shippers are an untapped potential
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~why do you think they contacted you~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~what if i get a promoter code that would be fuckin lit~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk bc we tag shit bees
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 'we love your feed' do you. are u tryna tell me something
Anna (loud and likely blonde): are you tryna tell me you're also a huge weeb
Jess (whoozica): anything to save the bees yo
Georgia (Something Sensible): They seem pretty new
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i mean im all for savin the bees
Anna (loud and likely blonde): they seem. to possibly have been an existing company that rebranded. also. they have a pretty damn funcitoning website for being new
Georgia (Something Sensible): Their FAQ says they donate 10% to Red Cross
Georgia (Something Sensible): Huh
Georgia (Something Sensible): But the homepage says bees
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Hmmm interesting. imma ask them about that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): maybe they just stole copy from somewhere and forgot to change it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay talking about bee things... I saw a post awhile saying LG🐝 T on tumblr. I thought it'd be cute on a shirt for Yang/Blake. However is it wrong of me to wear such thing being a straighty? 🤔 I don't want to offend anyone
Anna (loud and likely blonde): honestly if you're portraying some gay shit i think it would be fine. especially if like. proceeds go to a charity at all you can buy it in support
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i wanna make that but rotate the B so the wings are the B
Marisa (Mawisa): https://twitter.com/fjsk615w18hbk/status/1092750779214049280
Anna (loud and likely blonde): does anyone have a frankly enormous embroidery hoop i could borrow
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im gonna be ambitious and (not for katsu thank god) but  for funsies embroider an enormous yellow dragon on the back of that rlly long military coat i have
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): how enormous we talking
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like. at least 1" across
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think i have one, i'll look when i get home
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LITTY
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If not I could probs get ya one for cheap at my work Anna lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yay options
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i am being so ambitious with this but imma fuckin do ittttttt
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also <@!334090409389195266> you were interested in a precision nozzle high temp hot glue gun I recall?? We don't have the exact one I have anymore but we do got 2 others
Anna (loud and likely blonde): saleswoman rebecca is in the house
Anna (loud and likely blonde): holy crap can i just rant at how my hi temp hot glue gun is so hot that it deforms worbla
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and therefore wont fucking stick
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hello yes you need craft supplies hit me up. I can get ya stuff for a discounted cost~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Perks of working at a craft store. But also sometimes sucks cause I wanna blow all my monies there LOL~~
Matt (mattmyers25): Does anyone know where I can get a extender chain for a neckless? I have a neckless for my qrow cosplay but it is too short
Matt (mattmyers25): Or a new necklace chain
Anna (loud and likely blonde): they got em at michaels
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if you cant find one just jerry rig a bracelet you own into an extender
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~important. who  will fulfil my weeb dreams of learning vocaloid dances with me~~
Marisa (Mawisa): What new ones do I have to learn
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@!155492347122155520> yeah you can get something at Michaels, or I have a bulk thing of the ball chain stuff. I could have off a piece for you and bring to Katsu
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81Y4LJjj4zL._SL1500_.jpg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): like, that stuff
Mark (Mad Doctor): I see Qrow using a leather thing or dark cord for his pendant. More "rough around the edges"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh yeah what does your necklace look like. i got lots of jewlery stuff if you need like lobster claw and jump ring extension
Marisa (Mawisa): can we do kinyoubi no ohayo on friday
Marisa (Mawisa): any friday
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!301927856240459777>  ~~happy synthesizer, bad apple, and whatever u want~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): mostly bad apple
Marisa (Mawisa): those are classics i've got 'em down
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need to relearn half of both
Marisa (Mawisa): i learned bad apple in 20....10? 12? something like that for a reimu cosplay
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i fucked up my ankle in 2013 and i barely danced since
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~do it as the blake to my weiss~~
Marisa (Mawisa): OK
Marisa (Mawisa): that's such a cool idea black and white woah
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~too bad ruby is the one with the scythe~~
Marisa (Mawisa): i have ruby's scythe
Matt (mattmyers25): It is a black cord that it is on
Georgia (Something Sensible): hey kids hows concrunch going, i look like ive been attacked by a vicious troop of fleas
Matt (mattmyers25): I'll take a picture once I'm home
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ye take a pic matt. if nothing else i have a lot of leather cord i can make you a new chain/cord for katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): its actually pieces of velvet but theyre everywhere
Marisa (Mawisa): u gotta abandon your house in the sweltering heat for like a month to get rid of fleas
Anna (loud and likely blonde): sounds like a satin cord with tiny crimps?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh god i thought you meant like u had tiny bites everywhere im glad its just cosplay attacked
Marisa (Mawisa): oh are they not real fleas
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~i had fleas once and my mother didn't believe me~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i finished sewing for katsu. i think
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i just need to pipe some details on my legsock and wait for my pants to be delivered. then i can cel shade in one day, and add the attachments
Marisa (Mawisa): two of my aunts own dance schools if anyone wants to practice group dancing <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i have packed. one cosplay for katsu~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): SAME
Georgia (Something Sensible): its like 9 days away im crying
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ahahahhaha *cries*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need to lie to boss if she doesnt freaking give me the day off that I need to go to a doctor.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~to be fair i think i need to see my dentist~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh i could make ANOTHER prop for katsu for Athyrra
Jess (whoozica): I'm sure there's a dentist somewhere at katsu <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Jess (whoozica): I haven't packed anything yet but I'm getting close to being done 🙌
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://mentalmars.com/borderlands-the-pre-sequel/legendary-gear/#shields
idk what shield to make
Jess (whoozica): I thought you had a shied? Am I nuts?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i do
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u kno how borderlands has like. Shields
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like health + shields
Jess (whoozica): OH yeaaaaa
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YEA tbh i keep confusing myself
Jess (whoozica): Like the little packy-boi looking shield?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YE
Jess (whoozica): Aw ye
Jess (whoozica): You got time?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i got ambition and caffeine
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idt you understand how fast i can do a build
Anna (loud and likely blonde): my whole shield and sword came together in one night
Anna (loud and likely blonde): paint was another day lmfao
Jess (whoozica): DO IT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ah crap i forgot i have to fix the belt attachment.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~how ratchet is just safety pinning it to my body
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yall know where i can get gesso(sp?) or something similar bc i still have to do my mask,
Anna (loud and likely blonde): michaels has it in their ink/calligraphy section if not in their 'higher end' paint section
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!351471675843411978>  catch me crying over this in the next 2 days
you want fucking rwby chibi?: funky,
Jess (whoozica): Oh it's so pretty tho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i cannae make it light up
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~well lets see i might be pushing the amount of weight im wearing~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh would you look at that i realize i dont have a grenade mod either.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~class mod isnt happening cause it would cover the work on my shoulder~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): MAKING PROGRESS ON SUMMERS WIG FINALLY
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Gonna make it curl in
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YESSSSS  omg it looks so good
Anna (loud and likely blonde): third wig's the charm?
Jess (whoozica): Ooo pretty! It that a new one? Or did you repair the ond one?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wasn't able to repair the old ones :(

HOWEVER

the first one would work for Ruby
Jess (whoozica): Oh yay!
Jess (whoozica): This one looks really nice tho!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): nevermind shield on hold my pants theoretically arrived today
Georgia (Something Sensible): A2 has a bitch of a shirt, and I still need to hem, add the zipper, and put in the insignia on the front
Georgia (Something Sensible): But hey S H I R T
Jess (whoozica): 🙌
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lordt.
are you going for the 'shredded' version of the outfit or nah
Georgia (Something Sensible): appropriate weathering, most likely lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://nierautomata.wiki.fextralife.com/file/Nier-Automata/yorha_A2_character.png
Georgia (Something Sensible): just the character art version
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Jess (whoozica): Ahhh pretty!
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Yeah really pretty
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AHHHHH LOOKS SO GOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Nier squad
Jess (whoozica): Yaaaas!
Jess (whoozica): Look good 👌
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Went from "mom is that you??" To Dan Nicky your bobbies
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Nier squad almost ready to roll out
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): O wow.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): everyone in nier apparently: "uhhh, this is more of a tits ~~and ass~~ out lool"
Jess (whoozica): Yea pretty much
Georgia (Something Sensible): FUK ME UP FAM
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yoko taro “I designed the outfits that way... well, I like women so..”
Georgia (Something Sensible): [holds everyones boobs and butts, while crying] 🎵 LIKE IM CARRYING THE WEIGHT OF THE WOOOORLD 🎵
Jess (whoozica): See he says that and then there's naked men so 👀
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I ain’t arguing with the designs~~
