Rebecca (madameterralupus): > Suddenly wants to drop making my scythe and try to finalize making Raven's sheath. Whyyy am I like this
Evie (Katheryne Knight): MOOD GIRL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't even plan to wear Raven for a long while after Katsu.. Wtf meeee
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wanna throw together a raver Blake for Katsu and it's like guess I'll die?????
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh that sounds super cute though!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like it would be comfy and I could test the waters to see if I like being Blake if I wanna cosplay her main outfits
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You could probs do it pretty easily and cheap tbh. 😮 Rave-ish stuff isn't too hard to come by lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Plus if you go to like party city or soemthing you can find stuff that is kinda cheap but also passes by as rave gear fairly well lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But the scyyyytheeee tho
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): More RWBY at Zenkai.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Zenkaikon is the one con where I think I'm doing Winter and Ruby.

Everything else is either MHA, Castlevania, or KH from the looks of it XD

I honestly don't know XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao I wanna finish the scythe so bad but I realized the other day I never thought about how to attach the blade to the pole sooo XDD 

And lol I feel like everyone's doing RWBY to Zenkai and now I want to drop something in my lineup to do it too XD Hmmm..
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!169297844874903552> What is the scythe for?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Shinoa from Owari No Seraph
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I want to get it done so bad but at the same time don't want to over stress myelf making it so just kinda like meh about it XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOOOH SHIT 
Yo that's gonna be dope when you do get it finished.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm hoping it is. I've been slacking on making it though XD woops
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Girl that's a MOOD. 
I'm so close to being finished with Winter, but I'm like meeeeeeeh I'll get it done soon enough I'm almost finished.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I need to finish it cause I already started it yet at the same time I'm like lol let's make both Ravens sheath aaanndd a new gambol shroud
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I also want to finish it for Katsu cause big fancy prop? <:lenny:456549338026344489> Hell yesss. Perf con for it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Definitely!!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'd say def finish the scythe, you already have the whole base shape done and everything, it would be a waste to not do it for your new shinoa cosplay! Plus it looks really cool and I'm excited to see it when it's done
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~I mean also there isnt a lot of time to start a whole new prop... we only have like 30 days my dude~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Unless you're super speedy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma probs try to bang out as much of it as I can. Just gotta figure out how to attach to pole securely lol.
I maaayyy see how I can do a  gambol shroud out of materials I have/can get for cheap at work. I found a decent priced one online buuuttt the shipping made it over $130 😱
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oooooof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's expense
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Right? Like it was less than $100... but shipping is $45?! IM SORRY WHAAATT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yo Chris could probably 3D print that and sell that for less 
Like I hate how expensive pre-made props are, but like...the quality is so-so.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Also be careful buying gambol shroud online. My blake bought one that was fucking massive But the photos didnt show it like that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): When it arrived it was like 3x the size is shouldve been
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes 😱
Although tbh I feel like that's what mine looks like right now LMAO wayyy too big
Matt (mattmyers25): You may have a problem with its height. For reference, it is as tall as me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I made what as tall as you?? For sure isn't my gambol shroud lol. It ain't thattt big.
Matt (mattmyers25): I meant the scythe
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao. It's taller than you atm.. and taller than Erik xD
I need to size it down :X
Jess (whoozica): This bitch done. YEET
Erik (Red Riot Thot): YAAASSS
Evie (Katheryne Knight): FUCKING S L A Y ❤
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Aaahhh yess!! 💕
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): take lots of selfies while your pink.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You look amazing~!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Everyone is making so much cosplay progress today I LOVE IT
Jess (whoozica): THANKS Peeps!  body painting is not as hard as I though it would be 👌
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What kind did you use?
Jess (whoozica): Snazaroo
Jess (whoozica): In pale pink
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ooooh I've never heard of that specific brand.
Jess (whoozica): Georgia recommend it to me! It was pretty easy to put on, just time consuming
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah and it's affordable too from the looks of it.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Gonna give it a look
Jess (whoozica): Yea! It was like $9? $12 something like that
Jess (whoozica): Forgot to do my eyebrows whoops
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yep! I'm looking at it on amazon.
I need some for when I eventually do Mina, Persephone, and my D&D character.
Jess (whoozica): 👌
Marisa (Mawisa): i know home depot can cut wood into smaller bits if you request it, but does anyone know if they can also cut up 1/2" steel rods? asking for a skirt.
Mark (Mad Doctor): They cut PVC pipe for me. I'm sure they'll do steel rods
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I believe they do steel rods.
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~can home depot cut a rug~~
Marisa (Mawisa): 👯
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I don't know I've never tried >____<
Marisa (Mawisa): ~cut a rug is slang for dancing ;3c~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): I've wanted an hour in home Depot waiting for them to cut a damn rug
Anna (Cadmium): should i 
do steampunk penny for RTX
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YES
Mark (Mad Doctor): No, you should do steampunk Penny every day
Anna (Cadmium): also omg i figured out what else i wanna do with her. Imma make a big wind up key to attach to my back
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yes do it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): please do
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if i can go to rtx we can coordinate what day youre doing penny so i can also wear reg penny
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😮
Anna (Cadmium): omg yes.
Anna (Cadmium): uh. just not saturday thats the grimm thing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): valid, id prob do yang sat anyway xD
snow ( karma chameleon ): oof I wish I was going to rtx again, but 2020 is mah year
Anna (Cadmium): pls do so we can do a 'what have i become' picture\
Anna (Cadmium): <@!266718984571846656>  ey im going in 2020 also
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg that would be gr9
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm I wanna go this year but know is no way in hell be able to afford lol. So aiming for 2020
Anna (Cadmium): idk how i got that one scheduled first
snow ( karma chameleon ): I’m doing emerald for 2020 uwu and maybe ilia
snow ( karma chameleon ): gay villains
Anna (Cadmium): when ur cosplans are so tight you have to plan a year in advance
snow ( karma chameleon ): M O O D
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah 2020 is when I'll be going back. I can't afford it this year, and Chris will be in Germany for training during RTX
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I feel weird not going with him.
snow ( karma chameleon ): I’m going to anime expo instead of rtx this year heh
Anna (Cadmium): ~~what i totally dont have something planned for next katsu~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YOOO let us know how it is.
snow ( karma chameleon ): IM HYPE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I hear it's crowded, but it's good.
Anna (Cadmium): someone join me in assassins creed next katsu
snow ( karma chameleon ): I wanna experience it once
Anna (Cadmium): ~~assassins creed rwby?~~
snow ( karma chameleon ): OOOO: I think there’s art of assassin creed weiss
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i kinda had outfits designed already rip~~
snow ( karma chameleon ): OH?
Anna (Cadmium): UH
Anna (Cadmium): hang on
Anna (Cadmium): its not colored
snow ( karma chameleon ): I’m intrigued
snow ( karma chameleon ): and avoiding work rn so
Anna (Cadmium): weiss' looked heavily inspired by AC unity
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): assassins crwby
Anna (Cadmium): YES]
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I wanna do all the RWBY crossovers just fuck me up fam
snow ( karma chameleon ): MOOOOOOOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): same tho
snow ( karma chameleon ): I have an su/rwby crossover planned
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OOOOOOOO are you still gonna body paint?
snow ( karma chameleon ): y e s always
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GO ALL IN
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YASSS
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like RWBY Hearts? Yes please.
snow ( karma chameleon ): I WANNA BE AN ANGRY RUBY
snow ( karma chameleon ): also y’all who’s gonna eventually do vol 2 team rwby with me
snow ( karma chameleon ): I’m making Blake’s vol 2 outfit
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I plan on doing the snowpea Weiss outfit at somep oint 😃
snow ( karma chameleon ): SOMEONE CAN BORROW RUBY OR BLAKE
snow ( karma chameleon ): YES?!??
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll do blake if i can borrow
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I jsut wanna cosplay all of team RWBY at this point tbh
snow ( karma chameleon ): IM GAY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think anna has that yang outfit
snow ( karma chameleon ): A N N A
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like i'm never leaving RWBY cosplay hell this is my life now
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XD
snow ( karma chameleon ): once I make Blake’s u could borrow it Leanna
snow ( karma chameleon ): Then A SHOOT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i wanna do that yang outfit but  ~WHAT IF THEY GET NEW OUTFITS NEXT VOLUME~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): LEANNA DON'T SAY THAT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): D O 
N O T
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WELL
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): NEW OUTFITS
Anna (Cadmium): i cannot find the damn AC art i had
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I swear if they do I will shit myself
Anna (Cadmium): wait yes i do have yang's hunter outfit
Anna (Cadmium): it is tittylicious
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!289944569410224129> I know which ones youre talking about they have team JNPR too!
Anna (Cadmium): lol no i mean i drew some
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO 
Aaaaah I wanna see your concepts!!!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Anna: "In addition to all the other fandoms we have crossovers for, WhY NoT MoRe?"
Me: *Excellent, yes, more RWBY*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yep
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yep
Evie (Katheryne Knight): BAsically
Like RWBY Phantom Theives of Heart
Anna (Cadmium): ill dig em out when i get home i cant find where tf the pic i took was
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Even as the photographer guy, it's *weird* when RWBY isn't involved in our group somehow.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): YES PHANTOM THIEVES
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I've seen that art.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~ im kinda glad bne always leans back towards doing RWBY cosplays cause im not gonna lie BNHA is great but... it would be 50x greater if we did bnha rwby👀 ~~
Anna (Cadmium): it was very. loosely drawn but i can do more concept art if anyone wants insert random  character in Assassin style
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I saw some badass designs for RWBY x KH crossover and it's like... I wanna do them but GRADIENT/OMBRE DYING
Anna (Cadmium): ok buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut would that make salem and emerald and mercury templars?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ***bnharwbyyaaaaa***
Anna (Cadmium): boku no hunters academia
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YES
Evie (Katheryne Knight): and zippers
Many zippers
and belts
Anna (Cadmium): fuck zippers and belts
Anna (Cadmium): i never finished yangs s5 bootws
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): honestly thAts a mood
snow ( karma chameleon ): I miss team rwby shoots yall WHEN
Evie (Katheryne Knight): why Nomura why do you like this? Who is your fashion consultant
Anna (Cadmium): i broke them at a rave and was too lazy to fix
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): soon. or else
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Zenkai bring back the RWBY*
snow ( karma chameleon ): IDK IF IM GOING TO ZENKAI AHHHHH
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i cannae come to zenkai~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): more rwby... just.. in general
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I know Konkon was the founding event for us, but I feel like Zenkai is kinda better as the flagship BNE con.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Leanna means more bees~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I miiiiight be doing Ruby and Winter but that's it for RWBY so far.

~~I wanna do human salem but I'm already gonna kill myself making Sypha from Castlevania~~
snow ( karma chameleon ): bees? 👀
Anna (Cadmium): fuck yeah castlevania
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Anna (Cadmium): i wanna.
Anna (Cadmium): do alucard but like. titties in the way
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 🐝 

<@!289944569410224129> DO IT
snow ( karma chameleon ): I wanna do more bees
Anna (Cadmium): bees
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): more bees please
Anna (Cadmium): A L L  T H E  B E E S
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like thats all i care about tbh
Evie (Katheryne Knight): https://tenor.com/view/cat-bee-fall-gif-5894182
Anna (Cadmium): Bees Northeast
snow ( karma chameleon ): I want an excuse to wear blake again pls
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): need me a vol 6 bee shoot
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): >.>
Anna (Cadmium): is it weird i feel im cheating on my blake if i dont bring her to bee things
~~why does she live in fucking maryland~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fucking huge mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my blake is in north carolina
Anna (Cadmium): huge mood
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I might just end up doing RWBY, Castlevania, and MHA.

I'll save Larxene or Sora for Otakon just cause Zenkai is when I met all you guys plus my other con fam
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): she'll be at katsu though!
Anna (Cadmium): mine is supposed to be at katsu too lmfao 
well. if she can actually make it. she hasnt heard from her parents yet
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i hope so
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): double bees
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ~~kidnap her~~
snow ( karma chameleon ): are u guys doing bees at katsu 👀 what day
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im doing bees saturday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mid day bees
snow ( karma chameleon ): HECK
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): morning is spider gwen
Anna (Cadmium): hopefully. grimm bees friday
snow ( karma chameleon ): so ur not coming to my shoot? _valid_ u.u LOL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): spider gwen or operater 6O
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i got roped into like 4 separate penny shoots
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): on friday
Anna (Cadmium): im def not finishing the whole damn hand by katsu but like imma have  just some huge ass press on claws
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i feel bad but like fjkhfjfshas
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You still doing golden hour Nier on Sat with us Leanna?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye
snow ( karma chameleon ): L O L dw that’s me on Saturday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): operator 6
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): O is after bees
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): kk.
Anna (Cadmium): someone join me at RTX with steampunk
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Not exactly bees, but I'll hopefully be doing a Raver Blake for Saturday night. OwO
Hopefully XD 
Got it's a month efore the con and my cosplans aren't finalized help
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll do steampunk if i can go to rtx
snow ( karma chameleon ): I feel like I’m not gonna see any of bne at katsu n that sucks but I love yall
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ill know after katsu if i can afford it >.>
Anna (Cadmium): a mood
Anna (Cadmium): well now i gotta make sure i have someone to watch my cat cause the poor thing needs insulin
Anna (Cadmium): ~~how the shelter i adopted him from didnt see he was diabetic ill never know~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): seems fucked up that they didnt know
Anna (Cadmium): <@!229713389511901185> ill wear raver yang if u want a rave partner!
Anna (Cadmium): we can make kandi at the rwby pj party the night before lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OWo
Thatwould be awesome! I'll definitely keep you in the loop.
I have no clue what's going on Saturday night. I just know I'm gonna be comfy and meme. 

OH FUCK I FORGOT ABOUT THE PJ PARTY
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Ahhh i need to find my Winter PJs
Anna (Cadmium): pls meme with me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I WILL MEME
Anna (Cadmium): like that meme thats the person deciding between trash and recycling and the frame zooms out and its them tryna figure out what can a person goes in
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I LOVE THAT MEME
Anna (Cadmium): YES
Evie (Katheryne Knight): sUCH A good meme
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH MY GOD I DID THAT MEME LAST YEAR
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i wonder if i could find those pics
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theyre probably buried so deep
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I need to do that meme with Chris when we are Witner and Qrow
Anna (Cadmium): do it. 
i dont ship it but qrow belongs in the trash
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMaO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Trash bird belongs to the trash can people
Anna (Cadmium): indeed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): send him home
Evie (Katheryne Knight): COUNTRY ROOOOAAADS
TAKE HIM HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOME
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): TO THE PLAAAACE HE BELONGSSS
IN A DUMPSTERRRR
OR A TRASH CANNNNN
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): TAKE HIM HOME
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I love Qrow
People who know me how much I love him
But he belongs in the trash
He's the trash man
He starts eating garbage
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): same
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof I need to style Chris's wig fak
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm not looking forward to redoing this wig
I could barely get it to work before
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): duck butt wig
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i bee leaf in you
Evie (Katheryne Knight): which would betreat...
Except the wig doesn't wanna do the bangs
But that's the fate I've chosen OwO

THANK
Anna (Cadmium): did u do the blow dry part into it thing
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I did. 
I'm gonna try a straightener and steaming it
Anna (Cadmium): hmmmmmm did you hold it in place as it cooled?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): cause last time I reaized to put heat in too late in the game and it was covered in hair gel and fabric glue

Never. Again.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I did. I made sure I had clips to weight it down.
Anna (Cadmium): UGH  why can i only buy this body paint in this incredibly large tub
Anna (Cadmium): i dont need 30ml
Anna (Cadmium): bruh 2020
Anna (Cadmium): is RTX's 10th year?
Anna (Cadmium): shits gon be wild
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): need to go
Anna (Cadmium): i could. 
be dumb. And. make steam powered penny for RTX this year and if. it lines up with.... is there a cosplay contest
Anna (Cadmium): speaking of peny <@!334090409389195266>  please help me wig
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye i can help o3o um the one i bought was kasou wigs penny wig
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it comes unstyled but the color is perf
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and its like arda quality
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~but slightly cheaper~~
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.kasouwig.com/rwby-penny-polendina-short-orange-curly-bob-wig-with-ahoge-large-skin-top-p0138.html dis one?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://www.kasouwig.com/rwby-penny-polendina-short-orange-curly-bob-wig-with-ahoge-large-skin-top-p0138.html
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye
Anna (Cadmium): lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh woops
Anna (Cadmium): oki i am. half decent at styling wigs but dyeing???? a aha hahah a no
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): dying is a pain in the ASS so i dont blame you
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Jess made a Mirio wig out of dreams and paperclips that one time. <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SHE SURE DID
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what a legend
Jess (whoozica): and superglue!
Jess (whoozica): 😂
Anna (Cadmium): dat gonna be me doing present mic
Anna (Cadmium): i just. why do i subject myself to this
Anna (Cadmium): i have 4 blonde wigs and 3 packs of wefts and NONE OF THEM ARE THE SAME BLONDE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): are they close?
Anna (Cadmium): um. a little
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they might just blend in then
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if theyre like within a couple shades
Anna (Cadmium): i think imma take some of one and put them in my platinum blonde wig
Anna (Cadmium): and attempt to pull a u
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): at least from my experience they do
Anna (Cadmium): and make my OTHER blonde wig into a more accurate color yang
Anna (Cadmium): or just curl this one
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): xD
Anna (Cadmium): like i want curls but also like ya girl is a mess
Anna (Cadmium): yeah uh you have given me unattainable wig goals i hope  u kno
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats how i roll
Anna (Cadmium): but idk how to make it less yellow and more blonde
Anna (Cadmium): someone better just force feed me 7-11 coffee at katsu btw
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): add ash blonde between the yellow wefts that are in already
Anna (Cadmium): do they have 7-11's in maryland
Anna (Cadmium): would that work? I tried that but its so different i was like this looks bad
Anna (Cadmium): maybe we should just hang out one day and have a wig maintenance party
Anna (Cadmium): everyone gets a wig maintenance party
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): protip: if you use a sharpie in a slightly darker yellow than the original wig, and color the roots of the ash wefts
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is blends better
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like before you put them into the wig
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so you can do it fast
Anna (Cadmium): or
Anna (Cadmium): airbrush
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH YEA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i dont have one of those
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but if you do
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fucking USE IT
Anna (Cadmium): u assume i know how to use
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): COLOR THOSE ROOTS BABEY
Anna (Cadmium): but
Anna (Cadmium): ugh i cant wait to hang with yall when is warm and like. we can be covered in paint and outside
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh big mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im tired of this cold shit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That.
Jess (whoozica): bne beach day plz
Anna (Cadmium): ~~jones beach anyone?~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Jess will cry in happiness.
Anna (Cadmium): WAIT LETS ALL GO TO CONEY ISLAND
Anna (Cadmium): just no rides if u like your wig
Anna (Cadmium): also @ Photogs im gonna probs go to flushing meadows corona park soon and check out what you can access at the observation deck and the tent of tomorrow to see if it might be good for nier photos
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): PLEASE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO what's that place and where it at?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Where the world fair ruins are.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): and a globe thing?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Abandoned amusement park mood is a NEED
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): anyone need a graffiti covered road for photos?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or... abandoned graffiti covered psychiatric hospital
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~*Centralia?*~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): /school
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also knoebels in off season might be cool? would probably need permission
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but its like in a forest so its ALMOST overgrown looking, more so than a boardwalk amusement park at least
Anna (Cadmium): interesting. 
see the coney island thing was more just beach trip lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Knoebels is neato
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ valid for beach trip but i know bills looking for nier spots
Anna (Cadmium): flushing meadow is uhhhh lemme grab a pic hang on
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And I don't think you'd really need permission because admission is free so you can just go in and walk around ~~in cosplay~~
Anna (Cadmium): https://abandonednyc.com/2013/07/21/ruins-of-the-64-new-york-worlds-fair/
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): true
Anna (Cadmium): THERES DEAD A ROBOT HEAD PINNED TO A VINE COVERED COLUMN OMG
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Anna (Cadmium): fuck it im gonna go to flushing to scope it out like. the weekend after katsu
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THATS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SO COOL
Anna (Cadmium): i just love ruins in NYC
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@!184437198865563648> when we goin
Erik (Red Riot Thot): although probs couldn't wear 2B~~ooty~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): does knoebels close? or is it open year round?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): also I just noticed you said off season so I have no idea if you can get into the park lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ```Costume/Mask Policy
While we do permit both children and adults to wear costumes during our Hallo-Fun event, we ask that you wear a family friendly costume (no offensive, overly gruesome or violent costumes). We kindly ask that all adults leave their masks at home. We also reserve the right to ask visitors to remove all or part of a costume that we believe can interfere with a safe ride experience.```
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/ghosts-of-new-york-eleven-of-new-york-city-s-most-intriguing-ruins
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and yeah, park is closed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FLOYD BENNET PARK
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FIELD
Anna (Cadmium): omg While not part of New York City, the Central Railroad of New Jersey terminal played a pivotal role in connecting rail travel between New York City and the rest of the country in the 1890s. In fact, many passengers were recent immigrants from Ellis Island seeking a direct rail route to the west.
Anna (Cadmium): t
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Anna (Cadmium): 25 Audrey Zapp Dr, Jersey City, NJ 07305
Abandoned train terminal
Anna (Cadmium): the departure board signs are still there
Jess (whoozica): Sweet
Anna (Cadmium): and photos dont seem to show graffiti
Anna (Cadmium): theres a few ppl in photos but it seems to be more like people you could ask to move out of the way lol
Anna (Cadmium): so finish those NieR cosplays
Jess (whoozica): I done
Anna (Cadmium): so on the other hand if anyone finds some industrial-revolution lookin brick buildings lmk i need something for ac syndicate
Anna (Cadmium): wish me luck sewing evie frye in all denim
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think knoebels closes for the winter months like Jan-April. But is open the rest. Not 100% sure though
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also yay productivity.
- glued blade pieces together and got plastidip today. Now to finish Blake boots
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Knoebels is an amusement park?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!334090409389195266> I mean, as soon as the weather gets warmer I'm all for making cosplay shoot scout trips.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's a great way to spend a day.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And yes knoebels is an amusement park. It's a really cool one. I'm the woods and it's free. You just pay for rides with tickets as you go. My family goes every year for dads work event 👌🏻
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You won't like this Anna, but Zenkai is in downtown lancaster and it's 90% brick.
Anna (Cadmium): ;-;
Anna (Cadmium): its ok ill just do her for next year lmfao
Anna (Cadmium): i dont have her sewn
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): http://www.thelittlethingswemiss.us/gallery/2018/06/21/schnee-zenkai18.html
Jess (whoozica): YEE knoebels is great and my fave travel mug is from there
Jess (whoozica): I've only been there once with Tom but his family used to go alot.he likes this one big ride that I had a heart attack on
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Knoebels would require *a d u l t i n g* to get permission.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But sounds like a good choice for an amusement park themed event.
Anna (Cadmium): it seems to be ok but on rides no is how i read it
Anna (Cadmium): but like. they would probs be okay if you just said 'we wont go on any rides'
Anna (Cadmium): like quell any fears they have of that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea thats why i was saying we could try to get persission to do it during off season
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so that there are no people in the park
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): `Professional and commercial photography are always prohibited without prior permission from the Knoebels Public Relations Department.` <- Because lights/dslr's are involved people always take cosplay shoots out of the personal category.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Which is *fucking annoying* because I make NO money, you PAY no money, and NO ONE makes money from the photos (though I suppose prints, but no one thus far has done those).
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, early spring time would be the idea.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): should try to get in there right before it opens for the season
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's what we did with Grey Towers...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So I did this awhile back... https://drive.google.com/open?id=1HVDEpKSmRWukN61k0H4cyFQOPP7u_ynT&usp=sharing
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~think that's visible~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I was trying to put together a big list of places to check out. It's rather all over the place though, <@!334090409389195266> <@!289944569410224129> want to work on a ~~3.0~~ 2.0 version for scouting?
Anna (Cadmium): YE
Anna (Cadmium): i will help with the NY side of things if i can
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes sure
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): should i start a new one? or can I add to this? ~~or does someone who knows how to start one want to start a new one that i can add to~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): On it, I need an email from each of you, probably a gmail.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): somberabate@gmail.com
Anna (Cadmium): i am actually terrible at technology that i dont own
Anna (Cadmium): cadmiumcosplay@gmail.com
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I'm disappointed by the non bee email~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i have too many emails
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): xD
Anna (Cadmium): same
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i do not need another
Anna (Cadmium): the next one that fills with spam will be bees
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): it sent emails to the new map...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?hl=en&mid=1WnIMbqmCAQfi7pdi6d5XIY4jPVelK_QC&ll=40.5031729231368%2C-75.83387634138154&z=8 maybe direct link will work tho.
Anna (Cadmium): oki whats this gonna be organized via
Anna (Cadmium): like type of place or what it would be good for
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's what I'm thinking about now. Last time I used the icon to give an idea of what the place is, and color to show if it cost money but I don't think that's a repeat. What do we want to know about a place?
Anna (Cadmium): uhmmmmm. personally? what kind of place it is like is it a beach/amusement park/1930's art deco building, if it costs money, if we need permission, and how popular the place is
Anna (Cadmium): and then just if its indoors/outside
Anna (Cadmium): i need to start my own con map how much do you like using google for this
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ```Type: 
Indoor T/F
Cost: # 
Permission: T/F, link to email/contact page
Link: website that may be relevant (knoebels.com)```
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Google is like, the only tool I know to use for this.
Anna (Cadmium): sounds good. and if theres any specific thing that needs to be said for a place we could just put it in caps below the link
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=11nBCiUakCva1lwuUzGCrUguxRoJvutS7&ll=40.09490773023878%2C-75.3523858874301&z=8 a con map like this?
Anna (Cadmium): like idk, 'NEED ID TO GET IN'
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also including all of us.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oooh, 21+. good thought.
Anna (Cadmium): yeah like that. most of mine are NY/CT cons tho
Anna (Cadmium): wait lemme throw in the site they filmed a quiet place in
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): For the layers, I made one for 'places we need to check out' and 'places we can go whenever'. I'd like to separate out the maybes.
Anna (Cadmium): alright. imma have to learn how to use this later tonight
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): same
Anna (Cadmium): 623 W Dover Rd, Pawling, NY 12564
^if anyone ever wants to go to the site they filmed a quiet place at
Anna (Cadmium): there ya go
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I put the template for point descriptions in the map description.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's fairly simple; type the address of the place in the top bar, it'll show you the spot. Then press 'add to map' and it'll change the bubble and let you edit the description and title.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): As well as color and icon.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): should make the type include plenty of keywords, so you can just search for a word and find it.
Anna (Cadmium): hmmmmmm it lets me search and show on map but wont let me add to map
Anna (Cadmium): did you give us editing permission or viewing permission
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): in the email it gives you editing permission
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): "Can Edit"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the link in here doesnt
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): rip.
Georgia (Something Sensible): on the topic of photography, i tend to pull the "were college students and this is for a project card" now
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Mystery solved tho.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): "Now"?
Georgia (Something Sensible): ben and i got stopped one time and they were like "Sorry no commercial photography"
Georgia (Something Sensible): well i learned from that incident with ben lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It's basically a meme at this point 😆
Anna (Cadmium): what did you say when they stopped u lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): "We're college students on a project".
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If you can pass for a college student, that line gets you out of alot of stuff.
Georgia (Something Sensible): :3c
Georgia (Something Sensible): "of pwease mister pawk wanger sir, im just a lowly cowege student"
Anna (Cadmium): ahahhahaha my student id doesnt have an expiration date
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): S A M E
Anna (Cadmium): ~~THE ONLY THING STONY GAVE ME THAT WASNT SHIT~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dont think mine does eitherw
Georgia (Something Sensible): whoaaa
Anna (Cadmium): DISCOUNTS TILL WE CANT PASS AS STUDENTS ANYMORE
Georgia (Something Sensible): _moisturizes to keep the youthful glow_
Anna (Cadmium): https://tenor.com/view/drwho-ladycassandra-moisturize-skinlady-doctor-who-gif-5808910
Anna (Cadmium): srs tho next sleepover we all doing facemasks
Anna (Cadmium): or katsu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO
Anna (Cadmium): im bringing my bubble face mask to katsu
Anna (Cadmium): its great for getting body paint and makeup out of pores
Georgia (Something Sensible): GET THE CHEAP CVS ONEs
Georgia (Something Sensible): now im gonna stop on my way home to check if theyre still 75 cents
Georgia (Something Sensible): facemask party hell yeah
Georgia (Something Sensible): prob after the formal ball when were all dead
Anna (Cadmium): someone knocks on our room door
seven ppl stare with sheet masks
Anna (Cadmium): we doin this folks
Anna (Cadmium): imma take a trip to marshalls
Anna (Cadmium): me and Evie are just gonna come back dripping sweat from the rave
Georgia (Something Sensible): aight post rave we do this ish
Georgia (Something Sensible): get some fuzzy socks too
Georgia (Something Sensible): _braid hair and paint nails_
Georgia (Something Sensible): we will be the stereotype
Jess (whoozica): 👀
Anna (Cadmium): yus
Mark (Mad Doctor): So apparently contact cement ruins paint. Just fucked up my Odin gauntlets. Me sad
Anna (Cadmium): oh no
Jess (whoozica): oh no! 😭
Anna (Cadmium): to be fair most adhesives would ruin your paint
Mark (Mad Doctor): Live and learn. Plenty of time to repair, or replace if necessary
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah I ran into that problem with my gears
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ended up tracing out the area I needed to add contact cement to and scoring it with an x-acto and it worked fine
Mark (Mad Doctor): I was simply addring light foam plates to the finished product. In hindsight, hot glue would have worked just fine
Anna (Cadmium): would suggest super glue or flexbond unless your glue gun isnt a high temp one
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just remembered that I have a roll of double sided mounting tape (from which I made ironwoods forehead-thingy. That should do the trick.
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@!289944569410224129> is there any specific info i can look up that BEAUTIFUL dremmel you have?
Anna (Cadmium): Uhhhhhhh I'll check the model I got when I get back from the vet
