Anna (loud and likely blonde): I just glued my fingers together tryna make Mic's speaker rip
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am? Succeeding?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that's looking really good so far!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Friends who do body paint... would any translucent powder work to seal? Or do I need a specific type?
ZombieHunter: <@!169297844874903552>  powder eliminates the tackiness. I used baby powder a couple times and it was fine
Jess (whoozica): i used ben nye neutral set and makeup setting spray for mina at katsu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oki! Cause if I can save $17 bucks from buying beny nye translucent powder and use the one I got I'd be extremely happy XD 
I'm only using it on my hand for now so don't need a ton, most is gonna be covered lol.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> Fem! Adam wig ordered!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah you can also just use the same setting powder u use on your face.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): me: set realistic goals
me to me: so that means i pick ideas for katsu *now* right
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof a big mood XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've already been making a list of one of my big costume plans on my list to maybe do next year XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): such a mood. 
Although i really. wanna make a nice formal dress for the formal. ~~and then yeet it off to go to the rave~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Transformation from fancy to hoe 😛
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Do i commit to weiss' ballgown. 
I do. 
Do i know where to get fabric?
Nope
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Mood fabric, youre close to nyc
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've been thinking of trying to scratch one of these off my list...
Chrinstine Daae, Wedding Holo, Padme Field Dress, Lucky Chloe or Emily (Corpse Bride)
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or like the fashion district in general
Rebecca (madameterralupus): But it's too far out for me to plan atm cause I'll probs end up changing my mind XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): HOLY CRAP CORPSE BRIDE IS SO AWESOME
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i know a girl who did it and she made hers out of like 4 different cannibalized and deconstructed wedding dresses from thrift stores~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wanna do Emily so bad. Lemme rip up a wedding dress dammit XD
~~I don't know if I want to do her alone. It'd be more fun to have a Victor lol~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~erik wya~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~we need your hair~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): mood i should go to mood fabric or the fashion district i just. dont wanna hand ombre. and ill probs be hand ombre-ing bc its super long
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Mood
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have a friend who ombre dyed her stuff for Weiss who gave me the intracate process and I'm like no idk if I could do this
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Mood fabrics has awesome ombre fabric
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm trying to see if there is a place that does custom fabric
Marisa (Mawisa): spoonflower
Marisa (Mawisa): it pricy tho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): or i could just. 
dip dye
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): air brush
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah i have. the wide nozzle spray thing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): dip dye often will give you that hard edge or like weird lines in the gradient unless you like do it constantly for however long
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and thats a pain in the ass
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and hard AF to do
Anna (loud and likely blonde): eh i was gonna do the one where u soak it and hang it in the air and use the capillary action to pull up the dye
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but. i have airbrush. 
~~jfc this is beauifutl but silk so its $44 a yard~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): doing it by hand it is
Georgia (Something Sensible): How does one........ make a make-up video
Georgia (Something Sensible): Multiple followers have asked me for one and I gotta get Pyrrha on for geek week tonight anyways
Anna (loud and likely blonde): You can uhhhhhhh. Basically film ursslf head to like mid chest and kinda do the beauty guru hold product up to camera to show off product. 
And then put it on and then during editing do a voice over of what you're doing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Or at least that seems the easiest
