Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: They said they were gonna ask and come back with a policy cause like. O would like my prop to not be confiscated thanks
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why would they respond at all if they didnt know and needed to check? Just... wait to resond when certain? But like whoever is running said account should know as well??
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: Bruh idk they don't even have a website
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Whack
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: Honestly I'm just very confused how they've managed to get this far considering they say they have a giant cosplay contest, but don't specify the rules, and they're definitely not expecting the skill level to show up that is going to show up cuz I know the people down here
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: Spoiler alert it's probably not that big, and I know half the judges without even looking them up
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao oh boy
Travis (frozen waffle cosplay): 
Travis (frozen waffle cosplay): Holotags from fallout done!!
Travis (frozen waffle cosplay): Thanks <@169297844874903552>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ya welcome <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Travis (frozen waffle cosplay): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): people with pyrrha outfits, what do you make her gorget out of? plastic, fabric, foam?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): .... Idk about others but I made my old one out of felt. Do NOT recommend. 
I plan this time to do some sort of thicker fabric? I like Haley (Starryshyroo)'s idea of a painted pleather that laces.
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): ooo that sound itchy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think it was that? I might be wrong but it look gucci
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): ye, i was looking at my nia piece and thinking about remaking it. it's made of plastic with foam on the bottom to not scratch up my neck but it's also a little hard to get on
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh. That kinda sound uncomfortable? Does it hurt your neck cause it plastic? O.o
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): naw, after a long time it starts to get bothersome but the edges don't come into contact with my skin. sometimes i do worry about the paint starting to rub off tho
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): katara's bracelets started to literally melt while i was wearing them once eyyy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh. I havent heard of plastic being used for those so I was like wahhh. Like I know worbla can be uncomfy and ish in places like that so figured be the same lol
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): oooo :0
ye i used wonderflex and it velcroes together in the back, the belt is made of the same stuff but that gets tied in front. the belt is more of a pain than the neckpiece now that i think about it 🤔
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Huh neato 😮
Matt (lastbetatestercosplay): Blake's cosplay hoodie has ears on it
Matt (lastbetatestercosplay): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): as it should
