Georgia (Something Sensible): oooh yeah actually
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@!351471675843411978> can you bring the nora dress so i can try it on when i get you the fabric for tom?
Georgia (Something Sensible): _look at this symbiosis we got goin on here_
Jess (whoozica): YEET
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof talking about borrowing things for Katsu, <@!386874959009415170>, any chance I could borrow your Blake ears Sunday of the con? I can't seem to find my ears anywhere 😩
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Sure
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thank you so much! 😭 ❤
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@184437198865563648> yea if you wanna start like a google doc or something we can do that
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): http://www.thelittlethingswemiss.us/article/2018/02/27/photoshoot-map.html <@!334090409389195266>  this be my ideas from last year.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ironing it out to some better options sounds good though, I went a little cabin fever for some of them.
Jess (whoozica): 😭 my contact cement is all dried up RIP
Marisa (Mawisa): How old is it? :0
Jess (whoozica): like 9 months prob
Marisa (Mawisa): Noooooooo
Jess (whoozica): We ordered more since we thought we wouldn't need it right away but its not coming till next Tuesday, so i guess that project is on hold XD
Marisa (Mawisa): I’m fearing that my glue has dried up and my resin is expired
Rebecca (madameterralupus): .
Rebecca (madameterralupus): .
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao fuck... I love when I move my phone and it enters things into the keyboard.... ignore those dots I just deleted. Never happened XD
Marisa (Mawisa): i know my gesso is old and gross lol i've had it for years and the ingredients in it started separating so i'd have to stir it really well. i think i finally threw it away before leaving? maybe?
Marisa (Mawisa): ***never forget dots***
Marisa (Mawisa): cosplay challenge: make everything out of old gross expired crusty materials
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And cosplay the Krusty Krab lol
Anna (Cadmium): Who reacted with one of everything except the T
Marisa (Mawisa): *matt*
Anna (Cadmium): Also I have survived my drive back to my house
Marisa (Mawisa): "this x-acto knife hasn't been used since the fall of the berlin wall and has more rust than a poodle has fur. I used this to divvy up the foam - which has extensive water damage and is actually the insulationfrom grandfather's attic. the green color of the pink foam was achieved through natural means and i made it shiny with glitter from the floor of my niece's birthday party."
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): CAPE DONE
onto the infinity scarf
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ooooo that looks really nice
Anna (Cadmium): *MY BOOT COVERS DIDNT FIT KILL MEEEEEE* it's ok I have better patterns. Nothing works first try. It's fine. ITS FINE
Marisa (Mawisa): did you try taking them off and putting them on again
Marisa (Mawisa): maybe blow into the cartridge for a few seconds
Anna (Cadmium): I did try to make them without patterns and they are WEIRD boots to be fair
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What cosplay?
Anna (Cadmium): I have TINY FEET for a 5'7" person
Anna (Cadmium): Grimm Yang
Anna (Cadmium): Aka only one reference photi
Anna (Cadmium): But like. Apparently I have to alter all ones for my height bc I'm like supposed to be a size 10 and I'm an 8 in shoe so. Tiny feet's
Evie (Katheryne Knight): http://crashcult.blogspot.com/2010/12/costuming-bootcover-tutorial.html
Evie (Katheryne Knight): http://crashcult.blogspot.com/2011/01/bleez-costume-boots-in-progress-heels.html
Anna (Cadmium): Yus
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The top one is what I used for my Winter boots!
Anna (Cadmium): I have like. Fully patterned via duct tape now
Anna (Cadmium): But. Is there a glue I can use and wash out I need to temp glue before sew
Marisa (Mawisa): sew it to your leg
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That's also a good method I haven't tried that
Anna (Cadmium): To be fair I'm gluing many things to me
Marisa (Mawisa): leg sewing is how i do it so my mother bought me a foot
Anna (Cadmium): I'm just sewing It around the foot
Marisa (Mawisa): sew it to your foot
Anna (Cadmium): I already get pins n needles I don't need real needles in ma foot
Marisa (Mawisa): Real pins! Real action!
Anna (Cadmium): *no*
Anna (Cadmium): Also I am sad u run on Japan time bc u are fun to talk with
Anna (Cadmium): O man am I gonna have raw edges on this boy? 100%
Anna (Cadmium): *why is there a sewing machine needle in my pin bottle this doesn't even fit my machine*
Marisa (Mawisa): I return on Friday assuming the airports aren’t entirely shut down and blazing in the fire of revolution
Raw edges = edgy power
Anna (Cadmium): Wait will I actually get to meet u in person :D
Marisa (Mawisa): Depends how much you’re willing to pay <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): jk I’m going to katsucon and kotoricon if nothing gets delayed
Marisa (Mawisa): I posted a finalized katsucon lineup yesterday and then immediately changed it today
Anna (Cadmium): One (1) KBBQ  visit
Anna (Cadmium): Yaaaaaaaaay katsu
Anna (Cadmium): So do I sneak in booze to katsu
Marisa (Mawisa): NO THATS ILLEGAL
Anna (Cadmium): No it's ok I'm 22
Marisa (Mawisa): Unless by booze you mean
Big
Ornamental
Oversized
Zebra
Excrement
Then maybe that’s ok if you get it checked by a health inspector and keep it in a box away from anyone else
Anna (Cadmium): Also like I somehow (accidentally) got a pocket knife into NYCC
Anna (Cadmium): No idea how. Forgot it was in my bag and it even went through the metal detector
Marisa (Mawisa): SWAT has been dispatched to your current location
Anna (Cadmium): YOULL NEVER CATCH ME ALIVE
Marisa (Mawisa): If you even touch alcohol it’s all over anyway that’s what alcohol does it just murders people
Anna (Cadmium): 
Marisa (Mawisa): Scientists x-ray people who drink and found the alcohol carries a shiv and just messes you up. Trust me I saw it in a documentary.
Anna (Cadmium): Well that's unfortunte
Anna (Cadmium): 
Marisa (Mawisa): You’re fired
Anna (Cadmium): I think u mean. On fire
Marisa (Mawisa): Yeah that’s a side effect of the shiv
Anna (Cadmium): Who knew alchohol carried a borderlands weapon
Anna (Cadmium): Anyways I totally stabbed myself with a pin just now
Anna (Cadmium): *sanitizes with tequila *
Marisa (Mawisa): that's the ophiocordyceps unilateralis in the alcohol taking over your nervous system and brain
Anna (Cadmium): ...... Was that English. I know concrete not ppl
Marisa (Mawisa): ye! it was in a recent chapter of a good manga
Anna (Cadmium): My favorite manga is from the like. 70's or 60's
Anna (Cadmium): I am very behind times
Marisa (Mawisa): wait. no. different fungus my bad. i'm a fake fan.
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): what u favorite manga
Anna (Cadmium): Black Jack
Marisa (Mawisa): that's very popular here
Anna (Cadmium): Want to. Eventually cosplay him but idk if anyone would know it here
Anna (Cadmium): I love him. I love Black Jack so much
Anna (Cadmium): Legit my fave
Marisa (Mawisa): the metro system currently has black jack ads in every subway train
but it's for a dating site and it just uses black jack characters
Anna (Cadmium): DEPRESSING AF but
Anna (Cadmium): That's. Weird.
Anna (Cadmium): I dead had to request the last volume through my library system
Anna (Cadmium): Cause no one had it online and I didn't wanna buy it
Anna (Cadmium): ~~theres like three reccuring characters how is there a dating site with them~~
Marisa (Mawisa): lemme find it, the girl might be from another tezuka series
Anna (Cadmium): To be fair it might be Astro boy
Marisa (Mawisa): but my favorite one is them sitting in a movie theater really awkwardly, she's complaining about his chewing and he thinks she's bored
Marisa (Mawisa): naw not from astro boy
Anna (Cadmium): Well def not kimba
Marisa (Mawisa): it's a bird girl
Marisa (Mawisa): kind of thing
Anna (Cadmium): Oh!
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah that's Black Jack
Marisa (Mawisa): im tryin to find a picture
Anna (Cadmium): Like a girl who's fused with a bird 
It's def black jack
Anna (Cadmium): 
Marisa (Mawisa): hmmm no not her
Marisa (Mawisa): like a catwoman but a bird
Anna (Cadmium): O no idt that's blackjack thenn
Marisa (Mawisa): im digging through my friend's yaoi pictures to find this because i know she took a pic of it. i will persevere.
Anna (Cadmium): I believe in u
Marisa (Mawisa): i found the weebiest pictures of myself and was repulsed so i gave up and found it on google <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): oooo she's doronjo from yatterman
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ITS DONE
Jess (whoozica): Ooo! That looks really good!
Anna (Cadmium): I have no idea what that's from
Anna (Cadmium): Omgggg CAPE
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Hewoo does any one have good suggestion where to buy a torchwock cotume owo
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You’ve been catching up haven’t you.
Marisa (Mawisa): aliexpress has some but they're around $70
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): <@184437198865563648> that I have
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): <@301927856240459777> And I'll have to look at them
Georgia (Something Sensible): KURTIS GIVES ME SUCH ROMAN VIBES NOW THAT YOU MENTION IT
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I'm genuinely excited to get him all together and then anime transform into him
Anna (Cadmium): Uwowo cosplay has one I think I ordered from them before they're good
Marisa (Mawisa): OwO? uwu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A good name 👏 lol
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): https://m.aliexpress.com/item/1689580603.html?pid=808_0000_0201&spm=a2g0n.search-amp.list.1689580603&aff_trace_key=&aff_platform=msite&m_page_id=161amp-KGrkP2oCENXS7FkQz3svbg1546835360076
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Does this one seem solid?
Marisa (Mawisa): watch that $32 shipping cost
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 😬 oof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Shipping costs being $20 and up is insane D: Like... what
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Its just rude at that point
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): I'm dying here
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like unless it's gonna get to me the exact next day or two... no thanks lol
Marisa (Mawisa): shoe box-sized packages to the US cost me between $30 and $50 a pop. i have a big box here and i'm terrified of the cost.
Anna (Cadmium): Is it not by weight?
Anna (Cadmium): Honestly at that point it's worth just paying the $70 for extra luggage
Marisa (Mawisa): it is but my boxes are pretty tiny
costs more than that for extra luggage ;u;
Marisa (Mawisa): $200 per extra suitcase after the second
Marisa (Mawisa): im afraid my bags might already be overweight idk there's no way of measuring
Anna (Cadmium): What the fuuuuck
Anna (Cadmium): Um. Bathroom scale?
Marisa (Mawisa): i ain't got one of those <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> 
too tiny also, i tried it in the US and it didn't work at all
Anna (Cadmium): Hmmmmmmm
Anna (Cadmium): Got a Wii fit?
Marisa (Mawisa): nop
Anna (Cadmium): Go to gym lift kg weight. Lift bag
Anna (Cadmium): Figure which heavier
Marisa (Mawisa): the appliances in my japanese apartment are a microwave, a fridge, an iron, and my computer and switch
Marisa (Mawisa): I TRIED THAT WITH RICE
Anna (Cadmium): Go to gym
Anna (Cadmium): Or
Anna (Cadmium): Find human with weight
Anna (Cadmium): And. Find seesaw
Marisa (Mawisa): gym costs monies
or i have to travel 2 hours across the city to go to my old university and use theirs but i don't think they have a scale
gyms are insanely expensive here
Anna (Cadmium): Do u have friend with scale
Marisa (Mawisa): gyms cost around $150 a month
Marisa (Mawisa): not a big one probably
and most friends live an hour or more away via train. tokyo big.
Marisa (Mawisa): man why is everyone so far. ikebukuro, yokohama, roppongi, minato, tsukuba. pssh.
Anna (Cadmium): Um. Give blood sacrifice and hope suitcase at right weight
Marisa (Mawisa): if you give blood at comiket they give you limited edition posters
Marisa (Mawisa): blood for anime
Marisa (Mawisa): a good system
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Blood for anime... omg XD
Anna (Cadmium): TBH my old college
Anna (Cadmium): Always had blood donation things going
Anna (Cadmium): There was a myth there was a coven of vampires in the basement of the student activities center
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao
Marisa (Mawisa): wow basement dwellers. they were totally weebs.
Anna (Cadmium): Nah those were the student Union vampires
Anna (Cadmium): The anime club actually met there
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just learn to apparate ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Marisa (Mawisa): does anybody dance
someone anime dance with me
Anna (Cadmium): I can stroll
Anna (Cadmium): I will anime dance with u
Anna (Cadmium): If you can put up with me being annoying af
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can caramelldansen... that's it <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (Cadmium): But you have to promise we can do Bad Apple
Marisa (Mawisa): it's ok we'll be too winded to be able to annoy each other
Anna (Cadmium): And Happy Synthesizer
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH i know how to dance bad apple
Marisa (Mawisa): in theory
Anna (Cadmium): YES
Anna (Cadmium): I gotta relearn
Marisa (Mawisa): in reality i'd break my leg after the first 30 seconds
Marisa (Mawisa): cirno's math class is easier
Anna (Cadmium): But like if I can dance in frat houses. We can dance
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@334090409389195266> and I can do the Xiao Long Wiggle
Anna (Cadmium): If we find another person. We can have a 4 person dance team. My friend Meaghan actually like. Used to do dance
Marisa (Mawisa): oo i know happy synthesizer!!
Marisa (Mawisa): lets go gokuraku jodo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can do very minor simple dances. I am so uncoordinated.. XD
Anna (Cadmium): Idk that one. But. U speaking to my old weeb heart
Marisa (Mawisa): bne idol club
Anna (Cadmium): It's not the skill it's the heart in the dance
Anna (Cadmium): I must sleep now tho cause work in 8.5 hours
Marisa (Mawisa): practice dancing in ur sleep
Marisa (Mawisa): oyasumi
Anna (Cadmium): I am succeeding with this stupid neckalce
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): Screw this necklace. Goodnight friends
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Its ya girl
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Neato
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🔦
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lit! :p
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So yea Penny's completely finished, I just need to install the rest of the lights 🤗
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Not too shabby
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Woo!!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Someone stop me. I don't want to try to do anymore new cosplays this year, I want to wear what I have to save money but now I'm planning Ms. Joke for Zenkai XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): awww but shes so cute you gotta do it lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma see if I can make it out of materials I already have or can get for cheap. Only expensive thing may be the pants cause they're funky lol
Marisa (Mawisa): Do it do it 
I have one month to make everything for Katsu and I’m planning like 4 new costumes because self loathing idk
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yall look how nice this looks
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm so proud of it 😭
Georgia (Something Sensible): oooo fancyyy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Damn
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahh it looks so good! I can't wait to see your Penny in person~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I avoided making it until the last thing because HOW
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But it came out so goooood
Georgia (Something Sensible): cant wait for those FEELS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Cant wait to die
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Gunna slay Leanna. Or be slayed.
Jess (whoozica): When u wake up full of cosplay energy but you gtg to work 😭
Marisa (Mawisa): Cosplay to work
Jess (whoozica): i meant more like energy to work on cosplay XD
Marisa (Mawisa): Sew the cosplay to yourself at work
Marisa (Mawisa): Everyone quit your job we’ll form a commune where we can use discord 24/7
Marisa (Mawisa): No actual talking unless it’s a weird conversation entirely through eye contact. We use discord for all.
Anna (Cadmium): i for once am down
Marisa (Mawisa): we can invite the voice actor of beast boy he wants to form a commune
Anna (Cadmium): i have update my icon to accurately reflect my mental state
Marisa (Mawisa): who are you
Marisa (Mawisa): new avi who this
Anna (Cadmium): stabby mc stabby
Marisa (Mawisa): nice to meet you stabby
Marisa (Mawisa): rhymes with abby
Anna (Cadmium): i am hype for genlock but like. i need a character to cosplay from it badly
Anna (Cadmium): i have been hype since NYCC
Mark (Mad Doctor): I think I might be one of the first Dr Weller cosplayers. I'm curious to see how quickly GenLock gains a cosplay following
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@351471675843411978> that's a heckin mood
Jess (whoozica): like i had to go into the cosplay room to get a hair tie this morning and i was like "no plz i wanna stay here"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mood jess
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): same
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I looked at my cape and was like "I wanna re-lace my corset and shoes and do a costest of summer and then finish Winter I have the MEANS TO DO THIS"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I wanna work on cosplay
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But normal work
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also <@!386567060026556417> i assume after the first episode airs it will quickly gain a following, possibility for some quick cosplays at katsu maybe?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I dunno. I think a large part of RWBY's success in the cosplay world is due to the world lore saying 'cool character designs are canon for everyone'.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the con anxiety is hitting early this year, like i took a lot of anxiety off with not doing star, but OOF i still have a lot to do 😬
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Genlock is going to be a lot more uniform, like darling.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah same <@334090409389195266>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): genlocjk has some really cool designs
Marisa (Mawisa): Ruby’s original designs were created with cosplayers specifically in mind. That’s why season one has so many pockets.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It does and I'm like "fuck I can't fit anymore cosplay in"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im not 100% invested in it though like i was with rwby when the trailers came out
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but im definitely going to give it a shot when it comes out
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im not huge on mechs though so.... we'll see if it sticks for me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I love mech stuff so fuck me up Gen:LOCK
Jess (whoozica): i was having alot of anxiety but im making good progress so i think ill be ok as long as i can keep this speed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WE CAN DO IT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah feel that. I'm so close to finishing everything for Katsu. 

Then starting Zenkai cosplay....
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause I'm gonna die
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh ,same
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): zenkais lineup is looking a bit intimidating
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SAME
Jess (whoozica): you crazy kids with your zenkai line ups already
Marisa (Mawisa): My crunch for Katsu begins in 6 days
I considered crunch conference calls but it would just be the sound of like 10 machines running
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So far it's Ruby, Toga, Winter, Sypha, possibly Bakusquad, and Larxene
Marisa (Mawisa): The occasional muffled sob
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LmAO marisa
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm making Sypha's cosplay from scratch and an Organization coat out of pleather unless I can find a good one online.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~does anyone else suffer with raw finger tips from stabbing themselves with needles constantly? or is that just me?~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Between hot glue and now guitar, I got finger calluses for dayz
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also I have to crunch but everything I need is coming in the mail so I’m like
Georgia (Something Sensible): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I'm waiting for Futaba's boots
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And my contact lenses
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And Chris'S Akira wig
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But other than that we are basically ready
Jess (whoozica): yea im waiting on an assload of stuff too but i did a joanns run so i have enough to keep me busy till that all comes in
Mark (Mad Doctor): I think all of my cosplans revolve around facial hair. I'm thinking of keeping the full beard for Zenkai, then going full moustache for Ota so I can pull the Jacques/Stan Lee whammy
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SAME! Got new boot cover materials for my redux of my Winter boots
Anna (Cadmium): need con crunch but also am so exhausted
Georgia (Something Sensible): Nap then cronch, good plan?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ```Ruby’s original designs were created with cosplayers specifically in mind. That’s why season one has so many pockets.```
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And now the new designs all have useless straps and buckles that are expensive to buy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But yeah, I still have a lot to do for Katsu but I've been making good progress. Luckily I'll only have one new cosplay for Zenkai but everything is just being bought off Amazon
Georgia (Something Sensible): Now that I confirmed that I can actually go to Zenkai without jeopardizing school... I think I’m gonna stick with my OG line up but Idk
Georgia (Something Sensible): I originally planned Hera Friday, Ochako Saturday, and Dunkin on Sunday
Georgia (Something Sensible): But usually I split Friday and Saturday half and half, and I feel a sure lacking of RWBY
Jess (whoozica): i think Artemis might be my only new cosplay for zenkai
Georgia (Something Sensible): Do you have any line up ideas for Zenkai Jess?
Jess (whoozica): not really just Artemis maybe  and then ill recycle other things prob zenkai has to be cheap con after the wallet murder that katsu is
Georgia (Something Sensible): What a mood
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *wallet murder that katsu is*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): A big fucking mood
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And my Solidworks subscription renews at the end of February so that's another $1300...
Jess (whoozica): oh god
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): fucking Katsu.
Anna (Cadmium): my wallet just cried upon you mention the solidworks. i dont even have a real version of cad
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's just the renewal fee. It was about $5000 to start
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And that was with a discount
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But that was for the perpetual license which means I can use the software forever (as opposed to subscription based). The service I'm subscribed to is for software updates and access to tech service (which is completely optional)
Anna (Cadmium): that just physically pained me
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And I thought Adobe was rough.
Anna (Cadmium): adobe can go to hell side note
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ☝🏻
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yup.
Anna (Cadmium): altho idk i think their services never realized i graduated so im still getting student price buuuut
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fuck subscription services
Anna (Cadmium): and fuck adobe for going subscription service
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Let me pay how ever many hundred dollars for Photoshop to use whenever
Jess (whoozica): i still work on cs6 cuz im cheap af
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The subscription model is crap, but lightroom is pretty much the best in class for it's use case.
Anna (Cadmium): my copy of CS4 tanked my mac
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So I'm stuck.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also still on student pricing though.
Anna (Cadmium): it was so old it was crashing it and i had to give up and upgrade
Erik (Red Riot Thot): How long can you get away with that?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~indefinitely if they just check my email~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can keep my student email s'long as I change the password every 180 days.
Anna (Cadmium): ahahhahaha they deleted my student email 8 months after i graduated
Anna (Cadmium): and i never actually got my alumni one
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Chris is gonna run into that when his internship is up but he's thinking by that point he'll pay for it since he's gotten into the 3D printing hardcore
Erik (Red Riot Thot): What software is he using now?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I don't know the exact name other than it's CAD. idk what version.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'll ask him owo
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just know he's gonna get a Pursa printer when his tax return comes in
Anna (Cadmium): ugh i wanna get a 3d printer so bad
Anna (Cadmium): but also i suck at 3d modeling
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I've been planning on getting a printer for like a year now but I have nowhere to put it other than my dad's work bench and I don't want to keep taking up space
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Plus I can already imagine I'm going to get shit for it from my parents if I have large prints running for like, a day
Anna (Cadmium): feels. Although like i need to move out and into an apartment so i really shoudlnt get one
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Same
Anna (Cadmium): i need more friends on this terrible island who are also looking for housemates. why
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~terribly overpriced island~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But mood in triplicate.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He has Fusion 360
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Where does everyone get their plastidip? Lowe's? Home Depot? 🤔
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ah ok. That's pretty good from what I've heard
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Home Depot, Lowes, Walmart
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thank!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Walmart has more colors in my experience
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): walmart is cheaper
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): always check walmart first for all supplies
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That too
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's wonderful. He's designed a lot of stuff on there. He's making my kunai for Larxene and he made my Winter broach 

Walmart is cheaper 
Also get black plastidip it works better for some reason
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just need black but hmm yea I'll wait and check there. Cause cheaper is better right now lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I've only worked with black but I'm going to experiment with white as like a primer coat on black boots and then red over it
Jess (whoozica): grey is ussually a better primer for red  than white but im not sure about shoes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just need mine to coat the blade for my scythe. Cheaper than worbla I was planning to use lol
Jess (whoozica): this is gonna sounds dumb but what do you use plastidip for? sealing the foam or?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It kinda acts as a sealant and coating all in one to an extent 

I mean Chris used plastidip on some 3D printed stuff and it helped the surface look smooth
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think usually just an extra step in sealing
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like it's wonderful because it really helps seal foam
Jess (whoozica): ooo ok we use shellac for that right now
Jess (whoozica): maybe plastidip works better though
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): plastidip is flexible
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): while shellac is not
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so if youre making armor shoes or something that needs to bend a bit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): plastidip is the way to go
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yes definitely
Jess (whoozica): oo shit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but if youre making something stationary, shellac usually has a smoother finish
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but it will crack
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Props work better for Shellac
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeaaaaah
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Plastidip is much more flexabe
Jess (whoozica): yea right now we just use this stuff
Jess (whoozica): does it come in clear? or is it always a color?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Plastidip? I think you can get it in clear but I highly recommend black. It coats better imho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): plastidip is more of what i consider a primer because you typically paint on top of it and then seal over that paint
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): for sealing after plastidip and paint i recommend clear car enamel
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it comes in a spray can
Jess (whoozica): ooo!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and is EXTREMELY durable
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it also waterproofs the prop
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Never thought of that
O W O
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I used the clear car enamel on my gears and it gave a VERY nice finish
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What brand?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its very smooth
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Made the color pop more and didn't ruin the metallic finish
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I used Rustoleum
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay noting this
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea i think mine was rustoleum too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not 100% sure but that sounds familiar
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THAT
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And if you're using metallic paints underneath, you have to use that. I tried using regular clear coat on Tai's spaulder after spraying it metallic silver and it faded the metallic look into just a shiny gray
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sMOOTH boi
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also yea i second what erik said, it works VERY good with metallic paint underneath
Jess (whoozica): noras hammer is metalic silver but i never sealed it cuz i was in a rush and then forgot
Anna (Cadmium): hello i have come with news of plastidip vs flexidip
Anna (Cadmium): i must bring news
Anna (Cadmium): that flexidip dries way faster but plastidip puts a thicker coat on
Anna (Cadmium): also plastidip smells like old blue cheese
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *did someone say flex~~idip~~SEAL?*
Anna (Cadmium): whats flexseal
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OLD BLUE CHEESe LOL
Anna (Cadmium): it does i swear. its like. PUNGENT
Jamie (Jamie): Wait rlly not know of the glory of the family of FLEXSEAL products? Lol
Anna (Cadmium): wait is that the mee
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://media.giphy.com/media/JGunlb6LbQlz2/giphy.gif
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~thats the metaphorical potato from the christian post~~
Jess (whoozica): LMFAO
Jamie (Jamie): https://youtu.be/8ci2hj7CSHI
Anna (Cadmium): also dont put Krylon high gloss on top of  Rustoleum enamel paint it bubbles it and eats the paint
Jess (whoozica): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Jamie (Jamie): https://youtu.be/Vs2WRpu5syw
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So should I get shellac instead since I'm using it on the blade for my scythe? 🤔
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is it heavy?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or rather, is there potential for you to drop it?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Kind and yes.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea, then def not
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): go with plastidip
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shellac will crack on impact
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh okay. Yea oof no thanks for that xD
Jess (whoozica): <@!351785752197201920>  has shellac cracked for you? i never noticed it
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I haven't had an issue yet at least
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I only used it for Poppy's hammer and rens dagger I believe
Jess (whoozica): what did u use on his guns?
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I might have used it one that? Although I really didn't take my time with that whole project so I'm unsure. I think so tho
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): only issue with the guns was the toothpick breaking.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Lmao, I'd really like to redo them but idk how many more times I'mma be Ren
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I mean, you aren't escaping RWBY cosplays with this group~~
Anna (Cadmium): if u attempt to escape rwby cosplay you get sent to handler school
Anna (Cadmium): and become an overencumbered FPS protagonist
Anna (Cadmium): ugh so i need help with this character design
Anna (Cadmium): im trying to blend Penny into steampunk and have a huge homage to Steam Powered Giraffe
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omfg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i love steam powerd giraffe
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): THE LIGHT HAS BEEN FIXED
Georgia (Something Sensible): I also upgraded my belt to have more potential to hold stuff, it’s gr9
Georgia (Something Sensible): I also added a pouch for the bottle caps on the booty but... it’s actually too small to hold them all lmao
Anna (Cadmium): i love the bobblehead
Anna (Cadmium): <@!334090409389195266>  I love them so much but also literally how am i gonna mix the two. is anyone gonna understand the mix if i put penny in black and red instead of black and green?? i feel i can keep her gray
Anna (Cadmium): and im keeping the orange wig obvs
Anna (Cadmium): also pls help me with neck thing HOW U DO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i basically made a neck corset pattern via taping my neck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and then just made a bunch of seams
Anna (Cadmium): ok that i can do
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok so for the steampunk penny, what if you do her face makeup like ozidized copper? so its kinda green
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): maybe make sure to give her suspenders
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but i think even with red and black she'll be recognizable
Anna (Cadmium): YO TRUE
Anna (Cadmium): i was gonna go more turquoise but if i go more green i think it would be better youre right
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): i was gonna order something
Georgia (Something Sensible): ive never seen this warning before hh
Anna (Cadmium): is it mace or a pointy item
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Anna (Cadmium): i am now more confused but maybe bc it doesnt have an orange tip
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ^ I believe Jersey is strict on those laws.
Georgia (Something Sensible): its ok to ship to NJ tho yippee
Georgia (Something Sensible): but i decided against it
Georgia (Something Sensible): dropped too much cash already lol
Anna (Cadmium): fixin up your wastelander for katsu?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~just 20 bucks tho~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dropped 100 yesterday tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): and im workin on my shishkebab
Georgia (Something Sensible): but ye ill be sole survivor saturday mornin
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~MAYBE nOAH WILL BUY IT FOR YOU IF YOU'RE SUPER NICE~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~fucking caps loxck~~
Anna (Cadmium): it took me three tries to read that as something other than caps as in currency
Georgia (Something Sensible): boyfriend wouldnt pay for cosplay
Georgia (Something Sensible): only food, dates, and guitar accessories
Georgia (Something Sensible): hes the one that got me the lightning strap for christmas -w-
Anna (Cadmium): tell him that my boyfriend buys me cosplay stuff and he better step up his GAME
Georgia (Something Sensible): OOF ANNA COMIN IN CLUTCH
Georgia (Something Sensible): so im on think geek lookin for more merch
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://www.thinkgeek.com/product/ktnp/
Georgia (Something Sensible): w h y
Jess (whoozica): why not
Georgia (Something Sensible): a bathroom is just such an interesting place to have geeky merch
Jess (whoozica): they have a shower curtain too
Georgia (Something Sensible): and bath mat
Georgia (Something Sensible): oooo i need a stimpak to put on my utility belt
Georgia (Something Sensible): or ya bitch gonna die in the wasteland ~~of katsu~~
Anna (Cadmium): fill it with like. blue monster
Anna (Cadmium): or hypnotiq
Anna (Cadmium): i desperately need my boyfriend to agree to a Booker DeWitt cosplay but
Anna (Cadmium): i do elizabeth
Anna (Cadmium): and i dont ship that
Jess (whoozica): its fine just dont kiss or hug in cosplay XD
Anna (Cadmium): that wont fly with him lmfao
Jess (whoozica): tom and i cosplayed twin brothers and that was hella weird XD
Anna (Cadmium): thats definitely a ship somewhere
Anna (Cadmium): then again. Im doing evie frye and he has jacob already
Anna (Cadmium): fuck it
Jess (whoozica): its fine its fine
Georgia (Something Sensible): just dont think about it
Georgia (Something Sensible): dang 3D printed props are expense
Georgia (Something Sensible): i need to go back to school to mooch off their printer
Anna (Cadmium): Im sad i never mooched off my schools printers
Anna (Cadmium): they have like EIGHT\
Anna (Cadmium): And my physics prof said we could use his personal one if we needed
Anna (Cadmium): BOYFRIEND AGREED TO BOOKER DEWITT
Anna (Cadmium): his words were "Booker is a stud I’m down:
Georgia (Something Sensible): _keep him_
Anna (Cadmium): *for now*
Anna (Cadmium): *his mom is . something. *
Georgia (Something Sensible): parents can make or break, its sad but it ture
Georgia (Something Sensible): noahs family got me chocolate and a rutgers ornament and space socks
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they passed the test
Georgia (Something Sensible): honestly the space socks alone passed the test so ye
Georgia (Something Sensible): someone tell me to put long pants on and go to the store
Georgia (Something Sensible): i need more cosplay things cries
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): KATSUCRONCH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Go to the store!! I need to as well. Let's go together ~~even though we live 2 hrs away from one another~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof i need to charge my phone
Georgia (Something Sensible): ok i go in 20 minutes
Georgia (Something Sensible): i need some steampunky lookin stuff so
Georgia (Something Sensible): micheals or the dollar store may help me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I need paints and stuffs
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/fallout/images/e/e6/Art_of_Fo4_Shishkebab_concept_art.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20151029194233
Georgia (Something Sensible): im makin this boi
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh that's cool! 😮
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): holy moly
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Hot damn
Jess (whoozica): set it on fire
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i second that
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I vote Yes on proposition fire
Georgia (Something Sensible): fire con 2: electric boogaloo
Mark (Mad Doctor): Oooh. I'm thinking plastic tubing and hardware from Home Depot
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeeee home depot is for tomorrow on my way home from work
Anna (Cadmium): step 1) get katana
step 2) raid home depot
step 3) ????
Step 4) profit?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Actually last time I was at Home Depot this man named Alfredo helped me carry my pink insulation foam to the car
Georgia (Something Sensible): So that has since become my Home Depot of choice
Anna (Cadmium): a nice man.
Anna (Cadmium): at my home depot the guy helping me didnt judge when i couldnt find the kwikseal  so im counting it as a good home depot now
