Anna (loud and likely blonde): I cannot read anything.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): How do y'all do scleras
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): These are SO ANNOYING
Jess (whoozica): Ooo they look good though, where you gets?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Those looks so cool but oh my God they also look like you can feel every part of them on your eye
Anna (loud and likely blonde): YES YOU CAN
Anna (loud and likely blonde): uhhhhh pinkyparadise
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The gremlin sclers
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ugh they're super annoying but like I think I get used to them. So makeup test done time for bubble mask
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I'm a lil late to the party but Erik as far as blue contacts I have Sweety anime blue lenses from Uniqso and from what I've heard they show up well on dark and light eyes alike. Mine are like medium green naturally for context.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Idk if they're too cartoony tho
Jess (whoozica): I'm def trying them next. <@289944569410224129>  do your scleras have persciption?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oooo those are pretty annette
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ooooh nice!
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Yeah I'd definitely recommend any of the anime series. I have yellow as well and they're very vivid.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): For reference, this is what the Dolly looks like outside my eye
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And the difference in center diameter
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Blue is a tricky color. I have super pinky lenese from honey color in purple and blue. I love the purple but the blue are meh
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): 
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Can hardly see they're blue 😭
Jess (whoozica): Yea blue is pretty much the "toughest" color on the spectrum for basically anything because there are so many shades
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I just realized I forgot catras little triangle Mark's on the red mask thing... after I just sealed my paint.... I hecked up, this baby is gonna be THICC
Georgia (Something Sensible): Late to the party but _a shame, having to buy blue contacts_ :3c
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I forgot for a moment you were doing Catra. Eeee. I'm excited. Now I'm wanting more and more to cosplay Scorpia eventually.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): DO IT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Scorpia was my second choice tbh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But my friend is doing adora for the ball so I decided to do catra xD
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Ahhh. Definitely won't be able to make her formal gown in time for Katsucon, but let me know if you're wearing Catra to another con this year. I definitely want to make Scorpia. She's too cute
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): We'd just need an Entrapta for a horde trio 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I probably will! I'm planning on making her regular outfit some time this year too!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~who wants to be entrapta?? She cute as hecc~~
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): When does season 2 come out again? I saw it was announced but I don't remember if there was a date.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): April 26th!
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Hyyyype
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Nope. They only come in plano
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@351471675843411978>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Attempting to make my blonde wig more yellow and. 
Holy crap artists loft markers suck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If you use alcohol to drag out the colorit helps
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): When I made yang I was spending too much on high quality alcohol markers so I resorted to artists loft
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And alcohol saved my life... both drinking and using to draw out the colors
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm. Tbh. Gonna like grab this tequila and use it to thin it out like.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Although I got pretty far with one yellow marker
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Guys
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I move forward to full demon
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Those are awesome
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): <@289944569410224129>  I would suggest putting those contacts in every few days or at least once a week to get more used to them, it really helps
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Thank 
And Oki good to know. I'mma put them in again later this week
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): It begins
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ROMANNNNN
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Gdhdhdhbdbd
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): HYPE
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Though the way it sits I feel like I need to talk to a manager
Evie (Katheryne Knight): R O M A N
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Roman wants to talk to your manager!! >:O
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He needs to speak to the manager to properly rob them
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): M'manager
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh jeez
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fuck go back
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): On the plus side
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): My mom tried it on
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): She DEFINITELY wants to speak to the manager
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Tell her I said she cant return clearance items
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): She's cackling 🤙
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Haha awww
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Good! <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 👌👌👌👌👌
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I love it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Someone pls find the last scraps of my sanity
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have. Lost it somewhere
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that's looking dope so far!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): THANK 
I think I sold the last remaining 1/10 of my soul for it. There's so many fuck up and I have to hide the worst seam that's glue between the boob cup and the torso
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But it's ALMSOT DONE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YOOOOO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's fuckong fire dude
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's gonna be fire till I faceplant
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Catch me EATING SHIT IN THE GAYLORD HOTEL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> nuuu don't do that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I ordered shoe grippy things but they aren't gonna get there in time so I covered the bottoms in hot glue and honestly. Working better than anticipated
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Anna stop being so good
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Also
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): 
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Fuck me upppppp
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yaasss Monica! 💕 so cute!
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): 💖💖
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Omg I love it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): GOOD SHIT RIGHT THERE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just realized I never did a full try on of any of my costumes yet... Oops.. Oh well XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): no try ons we die like cosplayers
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean I tried everything on... just not all together as it should be to get a gander at how everything looks put together... lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *NO TRY ONS WE DIE LIKE COSPLAYERS*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i tried on kokoro last night, i really like that whole cosplay, i wish i cared more about darlifra xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A mood. I like wearing Ichigo (plus my dress has pockets so hell yes) but it's not my top anime so probs won't wear her a whole lot lol. 
Also ahhh you are such a cute Kokoro~! 😄
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i took in all the seams so it fits nicer and finished the headband and got garters and everything and it genuinely looks nice, but i doubt i'll wear it very much xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): DarliFa will be those costume we all own and probs only pull out on a rare instance lol. I probs will wear the swimsuit more than the dress
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Same with Goro especially since I really don't like the costume I got...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Speaking of which I need to take in the pants instead of just safety pinning them
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its def a good sunday cosplay
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~or thursday i guess~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Probs the only tim e I'll wear DarliFa is then or if one of ya who also cosplays it decides to wear it lol
Matt (mattmyers25): You make a good kokoro
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh thank you xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): There's a lot of costume I have that I don't wear that much cause even though I enjoyed the show it's not my top favorite so only pull them out rarely. Also there's a lot of costume I have I don't wear much cause don't like wearing them alone lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm killing time on Pinterest while my DB query runs; this *screams* RWBY.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Goth Rave Ruby
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not raven
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Or Raven
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sure as hell looks like her.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): raven in her second rebellious phase
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Or like, Raven crossed with Casey's dark weiss.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Almost thought it was Casey at first
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Raven's HS goth/scene phase?? XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): she then evolved to 'refined goth'
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): weeb goth
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Repressed Emo*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~what did Qrow look like someone find me a pic~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the uncle in the graveyard
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YES
Anna (loud and likely blonde): nah thats too refined
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need like. qrow who didnt know how to put on eyeliner
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pinky Sevensins is the source, she does more than just that outfit.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://i.pinimg.com/564x/f8/31/30/f83130c1a5d73cf66601344bac673fde.jpg
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): NO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jess (whoozica): ~~is that billy joe armstrong circa 2006~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM SCREAMING
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can see being the type of person who would try giving himself a piercing and then bleeding all over the place XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): he would be the idiot to wear a screw as an earring
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^
Rebecca (madameterralupus): To which Raven sees it and just groans, rolls her eyes and walks away
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): he wears a full lockand chain around his neck
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~srs tho that is. def emo qrow~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): wait, no... here's Qrow:
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Qrow is only emo to piss Raven off*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Emo/goth/scene RWBY group when?? XD~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~qrow could get it~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): rebecca yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): let me be emo again
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^^ <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): "Not rebelling against the masses if even your brother is doing it."
"Real original Raven"
"Oh nice eyeliner, I got mine at Valemart"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Valemart XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~LEGGO LETS MAKE EMO/PUNK/GOTH/SCENE RWBY~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i just. 
we need a 'normal' Neon Katt
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like in an aerie t shirt
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i just learned that nevershoutnever is still making music so im already balls deep in bringing back emo~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~I can't wrap my head around an emo Taiyang~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): he would be Ska
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not sure that'd exist.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LmaOYEA HE WOULD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~skater punk Taiyang instead~~
Jess (whoozica): lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Tai would try to be emo but not very well. He's too happy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~well was too happy probs XD`~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Taiyang in a drug rug.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh shit yeah
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omggg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): thanks I hat eit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): tai would wear something like this except his color scheme
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~he still wears the same zipper cargo pants from the old days~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yess
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i have a black n white drug rug i forgot about~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~everyone do scene RWBY~~ whos gonna wear the BOTDF
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I still like the idea of skater punk Tai because the cargo shorts would be appropriate
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): blake
Anna (loud and likely blonde): sunflower button up could still apply too then
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Or Adam?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): omfg
Anna (loud and likely blonde): adam
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): adams already emo
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Taiyang could fit on the cover of Vaco Pro Skater 5.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Adam would wear anything screamo. Like hardcore LOL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And you right but still XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): adam would have to be a trustfund kid
Anna (loud and likely blonde): everyone front comb ur wigs leggo
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and big ol' skater shoes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): osiris shoes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Adam is *so hardcore* that he puts eyeliner under his mask
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~adam listens to jeffree star~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): adam cries to make the eyeliner run down his face every morning
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so you can see it running under his mask
Jess (whoozica): sounds about right
Anna (loud and likely blonde): does he say rawr
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~adam wears a razor blade on a necklace~~
Jess (whoozica): definitely
Jess (whoozica): ~~i used to have one of those~~ XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): JESS NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM DEAd
Jess (whoozica): any typical "goth/emo" thing, i prob had it XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~adam unironically recreates this~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sdhfjkasdl;fsj
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YES
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I am told by Pinterest "Pastel Goth" is a thing and that sounds Nora.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it is a thing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 'peppy goth' also
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~ren goes vaporwave~~
Jess (whoozica): rens hais is already goth af
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): penny is cyberpunk
Jess (whoozica): YE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): cybergoth
Anna (loud and likely blonde): guys. im not even kidding. 
i. 
i have the tube stuff that they used for the cyber dreads in orange
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i was actually debating doing cybergoth penny
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): do it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u get to pick my rave mask
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~who i straight up scene tho?~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YANG?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yang is a fruit gay
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): jkhasdjklhaLMaO
Jess (whoozica): i cant image half these characters in like any of these stereotypes XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~well there goes me asking you to translate later~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): sorry fruit goth
Anna (loud and likely blonde): marsixm:

fruit goth is where its AT

step one: wear black
step two: wear tropical or fruit prints
step three, and this is crucial: you gotta be gay
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i think. 
we make.
ruby is goth like she already has the hair
yang would do it tbh shes the scene one
Anna (loud and likely blonde): whats weiss
Anna (loud and likely blonde): she also pastel goth?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): weiss is gothic lolita
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): s'long as it white and blues and looks elegant ye.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~or like casey's dark weiss~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Weiss doesn't strike me as a 'one hundred thousand ruffles and bows' girl.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you sure?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I could see it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): gothic and goth are two diff things lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~neo is normal~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Damn makes me wanna get into lolita and do a gothic lolita weiss now but oof lolita mega expensive~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if i make art for this you're all joing me in scene hell
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~yes good~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): blake is just punk
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): with like spikes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and pleather pants
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Oh yeah def
Anna (loud and likely blonde): with like ed elric level of terrible taste
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): blake lipstick
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): black
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): blake
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh no
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): HElP
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): dsjkahsd
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its blake
Anna (loud and likely blonde): just constantly has blake on her lips
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IT JUST SAYS BLAKE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~or she borrows blake's~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): blake puts on her lipstick for her cause she doesnt know wtf to do
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~canon blake wears purple eyeshadow or somethign right~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .....my blake literally just told me shes doing my makeup for katsu 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also yea she has like dark blueish eyeshadow
Anna (loud and likely blonde): thats hysterical cause i do my blake's for katsu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): shes gonna have to do her own damn grimm makeup
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Does everyone have a Blake~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): everyone needs at least one blake
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Its a safety issue. everyone needs a blake
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and if you are a blake you need a yang
Marisa (Mawisa): I guess I need a yang then
Time to make a yang cosplay
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): No silly, Georgia needs a Blake.
Marisa (Mawisa): !!!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm a Blake. Who my Yang. Leanna? 😯
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll be your yang
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i can have a blake harem
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): blake is love blake is life
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'll join the Blake harem
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FUCK YEA
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *NOT AGAIN*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *stop with these harems you horny simpletons*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😏
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): never.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if someone takes the chains off my costume and uses them for lewd purposes i dont condone this. unless im tagged in the photos
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fhasfaskl
Georgia (Something Sensible): My Blake moved to Texas 😭
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Dungeon porn Ft. Anna as the chains
Georgia (Something Sensible): Marisa we must BEEcome the bees
Anna (loud and likely blonde): believe it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): congrats ur now Georgia's Blake Marisa
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~its ok i feel your pain mine moved to maryland~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my main ~~bit-~~blake lives in NC i feel you
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is this cruel canon that all the blakes leave us
Anna (loud and likely blonde): at least marisa came BACK from japan
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA SHES THE REAL BLAKE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SHE CAME BACK
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): reminder, to myself, no spoilers
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): unless in spoiler chat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Marisa (Mawisa): えへへありがとう😊
Georgia (Something Sensible): Is it really a spoiler
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that was two full seasons ago what
Georgia (Something Sensible): _its called RWBY not RWY_
Marisa (Mawisa): There’s a character named Blake????
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IDK WHERE MARISA IS OK
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok but like. even the adverts
Anna (loud and likely blonde): marisa where are you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i know i spoiled shit for kurtis probably on accident
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so im like hyper vigilant now
Marisa (Mawisa): OH in the show it’s fine  I don’t care about spoilers 
I wasn’t able to watch it in japan so I’m a season behind but I know what happens owo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we literally have talked about dead redshirts club like 3x
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH OK
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sick
Marisa (Mawisa): I thought you meant physically. And I was like “I’m.... I’m on the couch@
Anna (loud and likely blonde): what are you wearing, marisa from state farm
Marisa (Mawisa): Full homestuck cosplay
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im not sure whether i shoudl be happy or mad you missed 'khakis' for a better line
Marisa (Mawisa): The sufferer but his really high pans are khakis
Marisa (Mawisa): Chest length khakis
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): taiyang would wear those
Anna (loud and likely blonde): taiyang would wear everything in safyia nygaard's 'ugliest clothing' playlist
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Marisa (Mawisa): I’d wear that and feel like Taokaka. Powerful.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): paired with the jeans
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that are like 6 ft long
Marisa (Mawisa): Maxi jeans
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): put a sepia filter on it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we have a new outfit. is it for kiri or tai, who knows
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): For Tai, they'd need to have like 12 cargo pockets down the side tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 6ft cargo pants
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ultimate storage
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): tai's weapon is pocket sand
Marisa (Mawisa): Somebody get me a microscope so I can see if the two sides of this fabric are different
Jess (whoozica): PJ Mina socks on a budget <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jess (whoozica): These socks were free
Georgia (Something Sensible): OMG PERF
Marisa (Mawisa): I can’t believe you beat up Mina and stole her socks
Jess (whoozica): 😮 I would never
