Georgia (Something Sensible): PAINTED MY A2 TIGHTS BOIS
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): I need to dip dye the one cleaner leg so it looks like I’ve walked through many puddles but these are just the regular old android lines
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Just go make a mud puddle and walk through it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): For those who use epiccosplay wigs and have lots of hair and maybe a big head how much do you have to work to get the wig around your real hair. I'm worried about it not covering my actual hairline ;-;
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Anna they're very easy to wear and roomy, probably about the same Arda give or take. They fit my bigass head and hair great.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): B l e s s
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~im just paranoid but also. Am. So worried about cutting my hair~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): Nice!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Aaahhh so cute!!
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ok my sword handle has broken for like the 10th time, would anyone happen to have rubber cement at Katsu?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I could always see if I can find my contact cement
Georgia (Something Sensible): Or any other glue that works on insulation foam
Georgia (Something Sensible): The big pink foam
Georgia (Something Sensible): Cause some glues eat straight through
Georgia (Something Sensible): Hot glue works only for a little while
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I will have like. Every glue
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And wire
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I will bring contact cement and super glue aaaaaand hot glue and a heat gun
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And this is just the repair bag
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Can you like. Dig the handle on deeper by any chance? Does it just not have enough surface area to stay?
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think its just the glue
Georgia (Something Sensible): its wedged at least 4 inches in the foam
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Gotcha. 
I have packed my contact cement fear not
Anna (loud and likely blonde): N boy is on repair duty also
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Any requests on odd materials to fill this with everyone
you want fucking rwby chibi?: tylenol//
you want fucking rwby chibi?: also <@229713389511901185> 
(ruby voice) _moM??_
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have Tylenol and ibuprofen in case someone is allergic to one of them.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: \o/
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And a full first aid kit. Or at least what I can restock from my bathroom and my car
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And a sewing kit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And fraycheck. 
Will continue to take req so we can save all our cosplays
you want fucking rwby chibi?: superglue mayhaps?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Done 
And I just found my E600 score
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Tampons stashed also. If anyone wants to stash pads I got room
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Eyeglass repair kit: Included 
Random lollipops: packed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have five (5) glues. Flexbond, DAP contact cement, E600, and superlgue
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Bee kigu should be arriving today <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> 🐝
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is this for the kigu party at katsu ~~also where do i get one~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol it's just for funsies to wear as Blake. I got mine on Amazon
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~so are you gonna wear it to the kigu party or~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): gotta. get one. add to the hive
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If I go to the kigu party maybe lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~leanna is the queen bee~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We gotta give her a lil crown lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): omg yes
Mark (Mad Doctor): Bees-ette?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i was thinking more like the bee in cuphead
you want fucking rwby chibi?: does anyone know that merchant/dealer that tends to go to east coast cons that sells the rly nice minky cat tails/ears?
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i need to know if shes going to katsu this year
you want fucking rwby chibi?: <@245270932602486784> the ones justin got his chat ears from?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Uhhh I don’t remember
Georgia (Something Sensible): I just remember the booth is rainbow
Georgia (Something Sensible): I know who you’re talking about tho cause I have ears from her too
Georgia (Something Sensible): She’s very nice
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Rainbow Lion Designs?
you want fucking rwby chibi?: no, i swear it had like Otaku in the name or something
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i cant even find katsus 2019 merchants list to try and deduce it
you want fucking rwby chibi?: bc katsu hates everyone and easily accessible information
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I found the artist alley list if they were in there before 😮 (unless they were in dealers instead.)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://www.katsucon.org/exhibits/artist-alley/katsucon-artist-alley-exhibitor-list/
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Otaku Corner?
Mark (Mad Doctor): <@170686358535274497> I couldn't find a list of vendors on the Katsu website, but it's available on the Guidebook app.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Raven: All packed
Shinoa: All packed
Denki: All packed
Ichigo: All packed
Ikuno: Just gotta pack wig
Blake: Just gotta pack flag

Slowly getting all the packing done. Mostly all I gotta pack is random tidbits now
Jess (whoozica): Yea I'm using my snow day to pack, very slowly 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Most of what I have to pack I can't pack till day of. Or I need soemthing in the washer to pack it
Jess (whoozica): Mood. I need to pack supplies but Tom is still crunching 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> Tell him to hurry up. He only got less than 2 days LOL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hes gonna get the merit badge 'finished katsucrunch in the hotel room' at this rate
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh noes
Jess (whoozica): LOL yea seriously 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What is he crunching on?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i hope u are all ready to be not entirely sober and brainstorming things for these cosplay (de)merit badges
Jess (whoozica): Todoroki and Ashitaka
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *hes crunching on two hes gonna die*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh yikes. 2?! <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jess (whoozica): Yea I'm getting second hand stress honestly
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh no :(
Does he have a lot left to do for them both?
Jess (whoozica): They are both almost done and technically he could wear ashitaka as is
Jess (whoozica): He needs the belt for Todo and the robe for ashitaka
Rebecca (madameterralupus): > Sees his status saying he's playing games
> Boiii get to crunchhinnnngg <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahhh well the belt hopefully shouldn't take him too long lol.
Jess (whoozica): Yeaaaaa 😬
Marisa (Mawisa): is it not normal for people to finish their crunch in the hotel room <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): katsu got me nervous like a political candidate waiting for election results
Mark (Mad Doctor): Heh, I've got a daughter who sometime *plans* her cosplays in the hotel room...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): to be fair im planning next katsu's costumes already
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~anyone wanna get in on like. DND/armored gen 2 pokemon with me and mag~~
Marisa (Mawisa): oh man did you see caffeinecraft’s umbrella armor it’s so cool. I think he’s doing umbreon and espeon knights with his girlfriend
Marisa (Mawisa): Umbreon not umbrella oops
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ughh i did not is that their insta handle cause i need
Marisa (Mawisa): Yee
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lol i wanna do mage espeon and thief umbreon separate, and then also I wanna do Typhlosion berserker and Feraligatr knight and idk what i would make Bayleef into
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *ugh theyre goin to katsu i gotta find them*
Marisa (Mawisa): *yeah they’re really cool*
They’re usually at meet ups so they may go to the Pokémon meetup if there is one
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): <@351471675843411978> Tom's not the only one who's still crunching. On Todoroki too, coincidentally. So he can take solace in that.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Todoroki? More like Todo-nope-ki
Jess (whoozica): Oh no! You too?
you want fucking rwby chibi?: its not otaku corner i dont think
All she sells are ears and tails and collars and she makes them At her booth
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i should download guidebook since i have the room,
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Yup. The dang belt/harness. Couldn't find anything in that rust red so I'm hand dying white material.
Jess (whoozica): OooOOo noooo Tom got some like thick ribbon stuff
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I got the material that's like a camera bag strap. Just couldn't find it in a color I liked. My options were bright red or white
Marisa (Mawisa): I’m trying to cut this chiffon to start a skirt and my scissors don’t cut. What is this witchcraft.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Chiffon is a biiiitch
Georgia (Something Sensible): Uhhh my black dye came out blue???
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
