Mark (Mad Doctor): I believe <@229713389511901185> has some thoughts on this issue...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I love this paint so much
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@289944569410224129> How are you doing yours? OwO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I have to find the turtorial I used for mine because that was easy peasy
Anna (Cadmium): Crying cause it's all spandex but has a weird triangle pattern on top with a teardrop and I'm struggling to get it under the sewing machine foot 
Mostly cause I forgot the shoes im wearing under it so I winged it
Anna (Cadmium): Fucking dishwasher
Anna (Cadmium): <@386874959009415170> those are some crisp edges man
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thanks
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I love making weathered metal looking props
Anna (Cadmium): M8 that looks fire
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thanks <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): 
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Mighty need for a maid cafe bnha group or host
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that's cute!
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Right ?! Why must it be cute lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Just got Chris's P5 protagonist wig and all my contacts for basically the year
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My wallet
Jess (whoozica): <@245270932602486784> or anyone else  do you have any spare medium to light blue fabric? Maybe like 1.5 - 2 yards, something like cotton or even broadcloth?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ll check for ya in a hot minute
Jess (whoozica): Thank fren 🙏
Anna (Cadmium): Does anyone need an incredible amount of gold spandex. I have like 2-3 yards for no reason whatsoever.
Anna (Cadmium): Better question. How would I go about sewing a vault suit. Should I make it out of heavy spandex or something else?
Georgia (Something Sensible): i used heavy spandex
Georgia (Something Sensible): it makes for a very comfy vault suiting experience lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): and then i had a very VERY thick gold spandex hybrid for the gold detailing
Anna (Cadmium): Sounds good. 
Turns out my yard and garage and the stream and swamp and neighbors yard looks exactly like the wasteland SO I must use this scenery to my advantage. Also a vault suit looks super comfortable. 
Yeah I was thinking about using either iron on gold or something with interfacing for the gold
Anna (Cadmium): Thank
Anna (Cadmium): So if anyone ever wants to do wasteland stuff in NY lmk cause I got 20 acres of wasteland looking property. And a swamp.
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof youre speakin my language
Georgia (Something Sensible): im making the shishkebab as my prop for katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~hopefully, with the time i have~~
Anna (Cadmium): Omg I am excite. 
I wanna do raider armor eventually. Love that rebar
Georgia (Something Sensible): YESSSSS
Georgia (Something Sensible): we gotta get a shoot goin then
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think <@!169297844874903552> was also interested in doing some fallout cosplay
Georgia (Something Sensible): i remember seein it on her story 👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): tom and jess are big fallout peeps too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hello fallout? Yes I was at some point~ lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): SQUAD SQUAD SQUAD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌🏻 yesss
Anna (Cadmium): I am too broke for FO76 But like I love me some fallout
Anna (Cadmium): I dead just commissioned a gamma gun off my brother lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): FO76 has been................ disappointing
Georgia (Something Sensible): i only played it cause my sister got it
Georgia (Something Sensible): it doesnt feel like a fallout game
Anna (Cadmium): NO I THINK I THREW OUT MY CHILDREN OF ATOM OUTFIT
WHY ANNA. WHY DID YOU DO THIS
Anna (Cadmium): eh I don't like multiplayer open world games too much
Anna (Cadmium): Also if anyone wants to do a formal Weiss or winter I have a gorgeous ankle length dark blue velvet dress you can use
Georgia (Something Sensible): _why didnt we invite you to this squad sooner you are such a perfect fit here_
Georgia (Something Sensible): ye my boyf got FO76 because i complained there were no companions to romance in it
Georgia (Something Sensible): and i was like oh honey no that games so bad _im not even buying it_ and he returned his copy lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BUT NOW WE DO AND WERE SO GLAD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~to be fair we didnt know she existed~~
Anna (Cadmium): Bc I am scared of interacting with people
Georgia (Something Sensible): AND HOW DARE WE NOT KNOW BEFOREHAND
Anna (Cadmium): YAY FRIENDS
Anna (Cadmium): ALSO WHAT DO YOU MEAN I CANT ROMANCE ANYONE 
WHAT
GIVE ME MY GHOUL HUSBAND
Georgia (Something Sensible): i fucking know maccready more like MY BODY IS MCREADY
Anna (Cadmium): ~~still salty I couldn't romance Nick~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): ^^^^^^^^^^^^
Georgia (Something Sensible): but yeah no theres... nothing but robots and terminals
Anna (Cadmium): Boooooooooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): even the other online players arent really receptive
Anna (Cadmium): Meh. 
I got all the old games on steam so I'mma play new Vegas soon
Anna (Cadmium): Now I guess I gotta do vault suit. I got railroad spikes too leggo
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof good shit
Georgia (Something Sensible): i also have the paper pattern for the combat armor
Georgia (Something Sensible): so if you need it HMU
Anna (Cadmium): Oo might need that tbh
Georgia (Something Sensible): the combat armor is a good time
Georgia (Something Sensible): mines pretty comfy and i have the brotherhood logo on it lol
Anna (Cadmium): I wonder if I can make my BF be valentine
Anna (Cadmium): When u run out of content MAKE MORE
Georgia (Something Sensible): GOOD SHIT GOOD SHIT
Anna (Cadmium): is the combat armor like the top half only or like leggy bits too
Georgia (Something Sensible): its the chest, back , shoulders, and thigh pieces
Anna (Cadmium): Eggcelent
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ooooh good shoot locations is always good news.
Anna (Cadmium): And if for some reason you do anything Cloverfield or a quiet place themed or the monster from there. 
My house is actually next to where they filmed it. They filmed a quiet place at the starkdale farm next to my house lmao
So like u can't get better than that
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We’ve been on the hunt for Nier locations foreverrrr
Georgia (Something Sensible): are you for realz
Georgia (Something Sensible): not that i had any quiet place cosplays in the works but thats just a bamf location to shoot at
Anna (Cadmium): I have not played nier what kinda location is that calling for
Anna (Cadmium): Yes they closed the road for 6 weeks and set fireworks off at 4AM on a weekday
Georgia (Something Sensible): post apocalyptic but the kind of apocalyptic where all the humans lowkey spontaneously disappeared, buildings collapsed, and everything has overgrown shrubbery
Anna (Cadmium): Sooooooooo like abandoned places?
Georgia (Something Sensible): shrubbery being the most important
Georgia (Something Sensible): YE
Georgia (Something Sensible): basically fallout but with more greenery
Anna (Cadmium): Hmmmmmmmmmmmm I'll see what I know about. Abandoned aviation factory has too much graffiti. Maybe an  abandoned insane asylum
Anna (Cadmium): I will look. I know ppl that find these places 
Otherwise like. I might know a few. They would be a lil bit of a drive but if it's a good enough spot like. Good scenery is important
Anna (Cadmium): If only the Catholic college which is definitely a money laundering operation didn't buy the asylum it would be great to shoot at
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Aviation facility sounds lit.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): My dream shot is upward, seeing the ceiling which has pipeline like in a factory running across t.
Anna (Cadmium): Hmmmmmmmmmmmm I'll see what I can do
Anna (Cadmium): I wonder if my friend would let me borrow her German Shepard for fallout pics
Anna (Cadmium): The aviation facility is on Long island and to be fair I've never seen it in daylight. I'll see what I can do. It does have a LOT of graffiti
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hmmm
Anna (Cadmium): What about flushing park? Like the site of the old world's fair.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That has amusement park feels doesn’t it? That’d be choice.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m not much of an urban explorer, j need to learn.
Anna (Cadmium): Or Coney island really early. They still have lots of stuff from it's heyday and it's less populated in the cold obviously
Anna (Cadmium): And maybe uhhhhh. Jones beach boardwalk. There's a lot of old stuff there that's dilapidated. Once again you gotta go in the off season
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sounds like I need my trusty shoot planning board.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Did they ever reopen fairytale forest? Because if not.... that would be really cool
Anna (Cadmium): Lol I drive a lot so I find things
Anna (Cadmium): We need a map with pin locations and notes on whats there
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We have the BNE map that was made a bit ago. Maybe we could add them to that??
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think bill has a running list
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But nothing that SCREAMS nier automata
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea we do. I do a lot of urban exploring with my one friend so I have a few locations under my belt
Jess (whoozica): They are working on fairy tale forest now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Damn
Georgia (Something Sensible): oof my wallet is crying, i have now bought my ann wig, ann socks, A2 tights, lux/gwen wig, and more foam
Georgia (Something Sensible): the katsuCRONCH is real
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A big mood. I forgot how much I still need to buy for my stuff and my wallet lately has been crying too lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): even putting in the good work hours, every year, katsu crunch murders me
Georgia (Something Sensible): i still have... some pyrrha upgrades, to buy pyrrha pajamas, finish my fallout prop, make A2, and that it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I thought I was all set with rewearing old costumes and wearing costumes I just got but I totally forgot about things like shoes XDD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And oh shit... I totally forgot about PJ's for the pj party... D:
Georgia (Something Sensible): im goin to both pj parties cause my favorite part of con is to socialize
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I plan to do both as well if possible.
Georgia (Something Sensible): so ill do rwby 8-10 and the BNHA 11-whenever i sleep in the hallway i guess
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Probably only going to the BNHA PJ party because eyebrows and eyeliner
Georgia (Something Sensible): whats everyone wearing for the formal ball 👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause i just realized i need a pink dress too oof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I may just redo Raven from last year and scramble together stuff from own wardrobe for Denki. 
I may only do one though. Will see how I feel lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): o wait i might have one
Rebecca (madameterralupus): As for formal: Idk...I'd do Denki to join everyone else in BNHA buuutt don't wanna do a suit XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): _dress denki_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Don't tempt me dammit lol~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): In all honesty though most voted for Blake buuuttt imma probs do Shinoa cause that flapper dress is pretty 😍
Georgia (Something Sensible): how is "shinoa" pronounced because my mind has been reading it like "quinoa"
Georgia (Something Sensible): like sheen-wa
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Shin - O - Ah
Georgia (Something Sensible): AH ok that clears that up
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like that XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I like sheen-wa though XDD
Jess (whoozica): <@!245270932602486784>  would my nora dress work?
Jess (whoozica): you can borrow it if so that way you can save some $$$ it needs a small repair but i should be able to do that real quick
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!334090409389195266> and <@!289944569410224129> I’ve got a running list of ideas from last year. We can get together and revamp that.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’d like to get some ideas going.
