Chris Onyx: I did a thing >.>
Chris Onyx: https://www.redbubble.com/people/daru/works/15618771-admirable-tactics-t-shirt?p=t-shirt&ref=product-title&style=mens
Georgia (Something Sensible): i was sittin in thermal physics today and the kid in front of me turns around
Georgia (Something Sensible): and he goes "hey noah i hope this isnt weird... but has anyone told you that you look like spiderman?"
Georgia (Something Sensible): _that boi is gonna do it i swear
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀 he has to do it now lol.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its required by cosplay law
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Normies are noticing. It's his calling now lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): :)))))))))))))))))))))
Mark (Mad Doctor): How much did you pay that other guy?
Georgia (Something Sensible): lmao i paid nothing
Georgia (Something Sensible): but he was walking to his next class like "well if the PHYSICS guys say it... it must be true.... hmmmm"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok i give up. whats the best way to get this stupid floral texture on the hood. I was gonna pipe it on
Anna (loud and likely blonde): was gonna do vinyl but i dont have a cricut so should i like???? not do that?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you gonna hate me
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@!334090409389195266>'s method of making ozma's pattern may help
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but
Georgia (Something Sensible): OOP THERE YOU GO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u think i could do it by hand???
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i am prepared for the suffering
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but i just dont know if its a good idea to do thin bits like that
Marisa (Mawisa): Appliqué it?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): either cut it out by hand in iron on vinyl
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OR
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): lmao....here this is gonna be worse but it'll look phenomenal
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): use puff paint to draw the design on.....then embroider over it
Marisa (Mawisa): Ooooh yeah that always look really nice
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ............is it bad that was what i was gonna do
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but like its not embroidered in the model soooo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it'll look fucking great
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but idk
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LISTEN ANYTHING I CAN DO TO AVOID THE PIPING
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it makes it stand out
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): piping sounds like a bad time
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i bought 6.5 yards of yaya han's leather binding bc im lazy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its like.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): PRAY FOR MY SEWING MACHINE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): IM MAKING IT OUTTA DENIM
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good lord
Marisa (Mawisa): Josplay
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): have fun LMAO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *BUCKET LIST COSPLAY*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): HERE I FUCKING GO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wait it gets worse when u zoom out
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *hello darkness my old friend*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Chris wants to do Corvo so to an extent you have someone to cry with XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the bird boi in crit role? or am i butchering that
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh no Corvo from Dishonored

Bird boy from CR I believe was Vax
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I think...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *oof we gonna buy all the bias tape arent we*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also I think Chris might learn how to sew
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I told him Corvo might not be great for beginners but I also told him to go for it because honestly taking on something above your skill level helps you learn so much more
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That's what I did for Nora
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sometimes you gotta just go ham and learn a whole new skill set
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what the fuck, go for it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm gonna be ordering worbla soon to start Ozmas armor, If you buy more than one sheet the prices goes down per piece. 
So, if anyone wants to order with me let me know!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh I may hit ya up on that lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea let me know! i'll prob place the order some time with week, so i'm just gauging interest before i do it!
Georgia (Something Sensible): HOW MUCH YA GETTIN I just murdered my last sheet on Pyrrha’s sword
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'm getting a large sheet (possibly jumbo depending on interest)
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not sure which one to get yet, but i'll basically go with any of these 3
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): black is better for smooth finish, pearly is more like thibra, and finest is the regular yellow one
Georgia (Something Sensible): I usually do finest, black is a little softer which is nice for molding but idk I like my worbla as hard as possible
Georgia (Something Sensible): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i bet you do
Georgia (Something Sensible): I usually get a jumbo sheet but I could get a large if that’s what da group wants
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I usually get black cause I'm lazy and don't wanna have to fight to smooth it much with wood glue xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye i usually do jumbo too, but i figured that might be overkill
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): up to ya'll tho
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm not picky though so can do whatever lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea black has been my saving grace with smoothness
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but its a pain in the ass to stick to itself sometimes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if it makes u feel better?????? the person who won second place in the cosplay contest learned how to use a sewing machine for her costumes. She pulled two master level kimono/hakama/all that stuff out immediatley after learning to use a sewing machine
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i dont use worbla i give up~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): all foam
Anna (loud and likely blonde): foam is chep. worbla. espensive
Georgia (Something Sensible): I would be inclined to agree but worbla THICC
Anna (loud and likely blonde): also <@!245270932602486784> mag wants to know how TF u keep your wigs so flyaway free
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i do not have good worbla experience but we gonna. see if i can make my experience better wiht this AC gauntlet
Georgia (Something Sensible): Everyone asks me that 😂 I usually straighten my straight wigs with my infra-red straightener, but the curly ones I just brush through with my hands when i get bored at con
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wow really thats.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): incredible\
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but like. how do they not. do the frizz
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i straighten mine and comb with fingers but like. disaster always
Georgia (Something Sensible): Heat straightener or infrared?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I really think the infrared part plays a role
Anna (loud and likely blonde): uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): does IR get hot
Anna (loud and likely blonde): cause heat
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye they both get hawt
Georgia (Something Sensible): Infrared are usually ~$300
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): O NA i got mine for $20 at marshalls
Georgia (Something Sensible): But they make the heat stay better
Anna (loud and likely blonde): cause im poor
Anna (loud and likely blonde): to be fair im about to try using a hot comb
Georgia (Something Sensible): YE THEY EXPENSE but I got one cause I would straighten my hair every day in high school and I got a student discount
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oooooooooooo yeah i dont. straighten my hair. Or curl. or style
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m like half and half now
Georgia (Something Sensible): Half the time I straighten and half the time I keep the beach waves
Anna (loud and likely blonde): my hair hasn't been styled since................. 1.5 years ago
Anna (loud and likely blonde): at least.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and like.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that was for a haircut
Georgia (Something Sensible): My one roomie my freshman year didn’t know how to straighten her hair and she asked why it never worked when her hair was wet
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I was like O HONEY
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so really. .....................hig..h school prom???
Anna (loud and likely blonde): F
Anna (loud and likely blonde): poor roomie
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye I straightener her hair for a party once and she was like I LOVE
Georgia (Something Sensible): She was so nice, she went to Pakistan and brought me back a souvenir
Anna (loud and likely blonde): awwwwwww
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need to choppy chop my hairs off
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *but i cant do evie frye if i cut and bleach my hairs*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): wigs
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *i cannot afford to buy that wig*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *lacefront ponytail with crown braid*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *lorg head*
Georgia (Something Sensible): When’s the last time you got a haircut?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *hair is free and home grown*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): do u wanna know or
Anna (loud and likely blonde): will you shame me when i say its probably 2 years ago
Georgia (Something Sensible): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s ok my stylist was like “when did you last get a cut” and I said maybe a few months and she said my hair had grown a years worth since I last got cut
Georgia (Something Sensible): LMAO
Georgia (Something Sensible): And now I am The Blonde again
Anna (loud and likely blonde): shhhhhhh i havent cut it since I got a haircut for Burial at sea elizabeth
Anna (loud and likely blonde): which i wore at NYCC like 1.5 years ago at least
Anna (loud and likely blonde): havent dyed it since a year before that and my hair was ginger
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i want. to be blonde
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i want to be blondeeeeeeeeeee so i can stop buying blonde lacefront wiggssssssssssss
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mood
Georgia (Something Sensible): I need half red half blonde
Georgia (Something Sensible): And just flip the part back and forth
Anna (loud and likely blonde): consider
Anna (loud and likely blonde): strawberry
Georgia (Something Sensible): Strawberry blondeeeee lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): me: so you should totally do mina bc youll have the school uniform
me: buy these shoes for Mina
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.dollskill.com/y-r-u-candy-night-terror-platform-boots.html
Georgia (Something Sensible): RIP your feets
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean yess cause they cute and totally can see her wearing them but also nuuu Anna ya gonna kill ya feeties D:
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im back to looking for hoe boots for present mic cause. that boi needs the biker equivalent of stripper heels
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i will not tho bc i just bought a base bodysuit for ironwood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): or. ironjug i suppose
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ironjug XDD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I love it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *i mean*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): imma have one iron boobie
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Iron titty*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Jamie Irontitty
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Good
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk Jamie Ironjug seems to sound better
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but imma have one iron titty
Anna (loud and likely blonde): catch me. having some ISSUES with the pool at CCE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): with foam prosthetics
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh noes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): "This is the exact opposite of what would happen if these were real" i say. fake limbs floating
Jamie (Jamie): would anyone ever be up for pita ten cosplay with me for being Shia-san? ~~would be forever away unless i bump this plan forward but curious still~~
Jamie (Jamie): i wanna be a ari headed angel but need a demon friend to keep me moving lol
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH SHIA WAS MY FIRST COSPLAY
Marisa (Mawisa): FOR HALLOWEEN IN LIKE 6TH GRADE
Marisa (Mawisa): i can be your shia if no one else wants to be shia 👀
Jamie (Jamie): yes please do it
Marisa (Mawisa): we're gonna have so many ruffles and bows
Jamie (Jamie): i got the box set 1-4 of the manga at con for ten bucks so getting into the series late lmao but also overly excited when i realized i knew the series cause author also did kamichama karin another series soon to be cosplayed from
Jamie (Jamie): ~~i will die in ruffles happily specially when my karin cosplay happens~~
Marisa (Mawisa): yessssssssssssssssss
Jamie (Jamie): more ruffles+more happy spins and jumping to make fluff happen
Marisa (Mawisa): it's been a million years so i gotta rewatch the anime but that op is so catchy
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH SPINNING AND JUMPING
Marisa (Mawisa): when we doin' pita ten owo
Jamie (Jamie): well shit at this point maybe we should do this  next zenkai and take over via pastels and ruffles.
Marisa (Mawisa): WOO
Jamie (Jamie): https://tenor.com/view/hellyeah-jennamarbles-gif-7696139
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Bless Jenna Marbles XD. I love the hell yeah brows lol~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
