Erik (Red Riot Thot): So the fabric I got for Tai's arm bandanna honestly would have been the perfect color for the trim on the shirt. It just doesn't have the contrasting texture I was looking for
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Gonna dye the brown with a purple color to get the right shade
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEEE
Jess (whoozica): Damn looks awesome!
Tom (tomukuncosplay): coming out fantastic
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Aaahhh yess Leanna!!
Jess (whoozica): <@301927856240459777>  Tom has these you can borrow for Ray, they aren't technically dress pants, but you might be able to fake it by ironing a line down the middle 😂 they are 28 x 30 men's
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Speaking of MM...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): FUCK ECHO GIRL
Jess (whoozica): God what a mood
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~but Zen don't want to~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Dumb bitch
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@!289944569410224129> how do I BREK the CHAINS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wire cutters?
Jamie (Jamie): Anyone have knowledge on best way to make button hole like holes in fabric?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i used wire cutters on mine. or. u could probs use the cutting disc thing on le dremel
Anna (loud and likely blonde): uhhhhhhhhh. use the buttonhole setting on ur machine and pray
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!334090409389195266>  sewing question ur assistance needed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I second using the button hole setting and praying
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Drinking first helps
Jamie (Jamie): Uhhhh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If you dont wanna do that then you can cut a slit in the fabric and hand sew around the hole to prevent fraying
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): I might do the hand sew thing just cause fuck im putting rope in the holes and not buttons anyway
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea if it's not hella visible hand sewing easier
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Buttonholes suck
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I am drained from work and read that as "buttholes suck" <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> ~~
Jamie (Jamie): Lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): jess u a literal angel
look they made an emoji after you 👼
Marisa (Mawisa): i turned my sewing machine off to pin/cut something and when i turned it back on the foot pedal didn't work at all <:rip:378273525804433408>
Jess (whoozica): No probs fren. OH NO sew machine whyyyy?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): have u tried turning it off and then turning it on again
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but rlly pls work machine
Marisa (Mawisa): maybe i overworked it and it did a karoshi. my poor machine rip
Jamie (Jamie): *three holes in and my hands are hating me*
Jamie (Jamie): This strip has 18 holes total and plus another strip woth the same amount. *36 button holes to handsew I'm going to lose my hand functionality tonight*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *I THINK I JUST FINISHED TAIYANG'S REVAMP*
Georgia (Something Sensible): I HAVE BEGUN THE PACKENING
Anna (loud and likely blonde): panicking or packing
Georgia (Something Sensible): The answer is yes to both
Jamie (Jamie): Taking hand break and did a quick look check and yee getting them strong animu vibes now and loving it
Jamie (Jamie): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I. 
Love. 
It.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It radiates animes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also I see you fixed your dye problem it looks great omg
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I cannot wait to see the finished productttt
Jamie (Jamie): Right? Its awesome 

And yes the second round of dye did the job pretty well 👏
Jamie (Jamie): I still have like 25 holes to sew on the purple im so tempted to risk the fraying but i know I wont
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Fray check?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): What's the fabric made of
Jamie (Jamie): Uh not sure im assuming I got a slightly good quality cotton
Jamie (Jamie): And how does it work the fray check cause I might just try anything and i think it's not supposed to snow tomorrow...?
Jamie (Jamie): So joanns run
Georgia (Something Sensible): I have cut my hand but beastlord has been kinkshamed
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Now I just gotta wait for my dad to bring more primer for me lmaooo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Lmfaoooooo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Jamie fray check just kinda. A glue you run on the edges of fabric idk it worked for me on spandex even
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I second using fray check
Tom (tomukuncosplay): <@245270932602486784> nice progress on beastlord 👌
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thank!
Jamie (Jamie): Yea def gonna go buy that today so i can move on to other pieces needing done for this cosplay. I still gotta make boot cover things and craft some wrist armor like stuff.
Jamie (Jamie): ~~and i need joannes anyway to make the connected gloves for the wrist things~~
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): 
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): If any Ruby cosplayers want a cool skirt for an AU, this one looks awesome and it's on sale rn
Jamie (Jamie): Frick the cosplay part i just want it 👀
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Ikr!
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): There are few other colors and the white and black one is 😍😍😍😍😍
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’ve seen that on Pinterest.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I need the white with black for reasons
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~by Summer time I bet~~
Jamie (Jamie): Yay for coupons just saved like 30 bucks at joanns 👌
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Yeah you almost need coupons for Joann's
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ya almost need coupons everywhere XD
Marisa (Mawisa): i don't think i can find my jade dress it's MIA so what should i wear to the katsu ball
Marisa (Mawisa): what's everyone else wearing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): She ra, bnha, uhhh, maybe some rwbys?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Im doing Shinoa ~~I'm the odd ball out lol~~
Marisa (Mawisa): ooo i wonder if yuuichiro's military apparel is fancy enough to get into the ball
Jamie (Jamie): I'm not sure what im doing for the formal except pick a dress and match it to a wig i can claim cosplay with
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah i have a ton of dresses so i'm not worried about having nothing to wear, but i like having canon outfits so that'll be the last thing i try. there is a really nice red dress i've wanted to wear forever though.
Marisa (Mawisa): one time a trash bag of brand new prom dresses was dumped on our doorstep and we don't know why or where it came from so we just kept it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The one for Miria?
Marisa (Mawisa): ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i forgot about that. ooo.
Marisa (Mawisa): that's on the shelf i think, and i have a wig for it.
Marisa (Mawisa): i need an isaac
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Good luck.
Jamie (Jamie): I habe a red dress i got recently but it's more nite life party dress than formal <:dramacat:420824270063796234>
Marisa (Mawisa): i'll have the house to myself in a couple of hours i can play dress up then
Jamie (Jamie): I just want want a giant twirly dress for formals thats all I want in my con life honestly
Marisa (Mawisa): that's the dream right there
Marisa (Mawisa): i have haru but she's *too* giant and i wore her to the ball 5 years ago
Marisa (Mawisa): or whenever 2012 was
Jamie (Jamie): God yea my grad year that a while ago now since aging up to 25 soon so more than 5 years
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Back to ball im I think bringing Weiss or maybe just putting on a white dress with my kodama. 
Anyone looking for anything clothes wise I'm going to the rich white area of CT and going to Goodwill for a dress tonight
Anna (loud and likely blonde): O wait I committed to Weiss cause boy is borrowing Evie's boys wig
Marisa (Mawisa): the only formal rwby dress i have is pyrrha and i look bad as her. could possibly do formal neon? i think i'm bringing PJ neon for the pajama party if that's still a thing
Jamie (Jamie): Oof wish i could easy make a trip up that way from the sounds of the thrift you find up there
Jamie (Jamie): I might check on my thrift stores today see what they got going this week since i have sudden free days
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I went home to go fix my car tbh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My mom just is like. Goodwill? And I'm like. Hell yes.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm also a god at thrifting it's not just the area it's just thrifting is my superpower
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@301927856240459777> go to thrift store. Get a terrible 2000's prom dress. Formal neon
Jamie (Jamie): I like to think im pretty good at it that dress i mentioned earlier was 3 bucks. My difficulty is i find the nice finds but they are made for the sticks that i am not
Anna (loud and likely blonde): M O O D
Anna (loud and likely blonde): at 5'7" and like 180lbs I am also not a stick why are pretty dresses and nice pants so hard to find
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~but when I find em they're perf~~
Jamie (Jamie): I think i found a really nice fluffy purple one time for 5 bucks and the size was like 3 too small. And other time it fits but it doesnt fit the chest and i go god damnit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): One time I bought a dress so I could take it in by like 4 sizes LMAO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): OH WAIT ughhhhh i have a really nice black and tan mermaid dress but it hella wouldn't look like Weiss would wear it. 
Maybe mag can wear it for Blake.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I still have my senior prom dress don't judge me
Jamie (Jamie): I did that once and then never followed through with taking it in and it sat in a box forever
Anna (loud and likely blonde): F
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh same anna, I still have both my prom dresses xD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): TBH let's be glad I wasn't into cosplay in high school I would have worn a wig to prom
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...also my 8th grade dance dress
Jamie (Jamie): ~~I dislike my prom dress i still have it but I have already stolen fabric out of it there is a giant cut out of the side lol~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Which is still my fave dress I own
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Omg LOL
Marisa (Mawisa): do u guys know where i put my phone
can't take selfies easily without my phone
Marisa (Mawisa): I found it in the spot I never go thanks
Mark (Mad Doctor): No problem.
As for military uniforms, I slapped some  cheap epaulettes and fake medals on Ironwood.  No problem getting in.  Oh, yeah, I did a gold forehead-thingy
