Anna (loud and likely blonde): *i have made an error I  was talking to a cosplayer on twitter whos a mutual (i think?) and she was like 'finally i can announce im going to toracon!' and she was super excited cause i was in her mentions with Toracon in my name and she really wanted to talk about it. i looked and shes one of the contest judges* 
literally how do i accidentally befriend contest judges this happened at LICBE too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): has anyone ever freehand cut elaborate designs into iron on vinyl before? and do you have any tips so that i don't fuck up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ive done it on stick-on vinyl idk if that helps. but tape your work down at the edges first, work in quadrants, and lightly score your design before cutting all the way through
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that is helpful actually
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thank you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'm about to do the hard shit for ozma this weekend
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lordt
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i can't sew his shirt together until i put the appliques on
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so right now im just like MMMMMMMMMMMMM def not ready to cut into the vinyl
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but i gotta
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh also work from the outside in
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is that so it doesnt peel up?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah cause u can like. cut the outside edges and tape them down and keep working in
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): good point, will do
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its really just a bitch to do. oh. and very sharp knife
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea i need to pick up new xacto blades before i start
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because this is literally going to be hell
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...maybe even a new cutting mat too.... idk we'll see
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.culturehustleusa.com/collections/powders/products/blue-lit-the-worlds-glowiest-glow-pigment-100-pure-lit-powder-in-blue-by-stuart-semple?utm_source=culturehustle.com&utm_campaign=bbe5193ff4-EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_2019_03_07_03_53&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_9f8af92ae1-bbe5193ff4-1209773657&mc_cid=bbe5193ff4&mc_eid=d5e2252e03
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!334090409389195266>  so if u makin that lamp
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what lamp
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): am i a moth?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u are now
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lmao i meant the lamp for oz
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ur the only oz i know
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nah im making his staff
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So if u want his staff to glow
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...which yea
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i prob want that boi to glow
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SO THANK
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>  theres also a greenish one but the blue looks so awesome
Anna (loud and likely blonde): heads up. order quick shipping was not instant and it comes from the UK
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so maybe. make glow for future
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i say while hitting order~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~whatcha making glow?~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): my life bc i need some light in my life
nah idk honestly
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it hath been ordered
Anna (loud and likely blonde): OH WAIT i remembered. Ironwoods gun and bits on the protsthetics
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yo if anyone wants to go to Brooklyn Comic Con they appear to have a huge cosplay influence and you can apply to get a cosplayer badge which is $20 for the whole weekend? 
I kinda. wanna apply but theres probs a 1% chance i'd get accepted I dont have enough influence :/
Georgia (Something Sensible): Wut
Georgia (Something Sensible): You have to apply for a cosplayer badge and they’ll take you if you’re famous enough?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): nah like. u can get a discounted badge if you get accepted
Anna (loud and likely blonde): as a cosplayer. i guess its like being press or media
Anna (loud and likely blonde): they encourage cosplay even if you arent going with the cosplay badge
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but im broke so like a 1/2 price badge looks gr9
Georgia (Something Sensible): What’s the “if you get accepted” part tho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i guess they gotta filter out for people with skill/influence bc its also like technically a vip/guest thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): Weirddd
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah its weird but i think they want to give incentives for cosplayers with some skill/draw to come
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ARDA CAMW OUT WITH A LACEFRONT PONYTAIL
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *urge to redo Winter wig rises*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): $110
Anna (loud and likely blonde): R I P
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh no
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *vibrates violently*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): dont do it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but if u do
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): please do a sale
Evie (Katheryne Knight): M O M O
Anna (loud and likely blonde): can i buy your old winter wig
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): PLEASE DO A SALE ARDA
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yes! I also have the one I wore previously. It's the same style but in White. Jeanne
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~need to make another rwbylands lmao~~

bro i need a sale and all of my points for a disocunt and my wallet will. still hurt
i dont even have a character for it i just want this wig
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So many possibilities now
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ye i need to cross winter and aurelia for mag she got a much smaller head
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Only thing is I'm dropping 400 next paycheck for the Critical Role Kickstarter
Anna (loud and likely blonde): eh itll sell well and theyll keep it. 
dont do it now
Anna (loud and likely blonde): do it for like next next con
Anna (loud and likely blonde): bad. save money
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I don't need a new Winter wig at the moment considering I'm actually really happy with this one
Evie (Katheryne Knight): But Momo on the other hand
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): OwO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): O w O
Anna (loud and likely blonde): < O w O >
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *grabby hands says yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i wish it didnt have such an intense widows peak
Anna (loud and likely blonde): VALID
Anna (loud and likely blonde): although you could just snip it off
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Truuui
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk why so many lacefronts are widows peaks
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it makes them look more natural
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like its a recessive gene and not that many anime characters have it?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): for this its like almost a raven widows peak
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like VERY dramatic
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They also might make a lacefront pony without one too
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They tend to do that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i hope so
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Shinsou's wig was dyed bc i couldnt find a non widows peak one in purple like its weird
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because im gonna force someone to be my adora >.>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it doesnt even look that natural tho with it that severe
Anna (loud and likely blonde): "force"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bitchhhhhh u shouldve just asked
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BE MY ADORA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sdmkfhaslhf
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Please
Anna (loud and likely blonde): sure
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FUCK YEA
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but like i gotta actually watch it. and. Then get wog
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~or excuse to go blonde~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): plz
Anna (loud and likely blonde): FUCK THATS ANOTHER BLONDE WIG
Anna (loud and likely blonde): WHY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMaO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): DO I DO THIS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ALL THE FUCKING TIME
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I GIVE UP
Anna (loud and likely blonde): IM JUST ONLY DOING BLONDES NOW
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ill still be ur Adora
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): bless you
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i think i just need to learn to lacefront my own wigs
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its so annoying
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im looking up tutorials and. is this what i was destined to do, subjecting myself to all those latchook rugs as a kid
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): dude i thought so too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but then i did it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and was like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "wow, fuck, i hate this"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok but
Anna (loud and likely blonde): you underestimate how much i will do to not pay for things
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): same
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but also its not like im tryna do a full inch of lace im talking like 1/2" max at just the hairline
Anna (loud and likely blonde): althoguh it would give me great opportunity to cover my sideburns
Anna (loud and likely blonde): maybe i should learn *just* to get wigs the way I want
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean ngl, it does look really good and is worth it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but its SUCH a pain in the ass
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and time consuming
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that its just like "ugh why"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the answer is bc u are a perfectionist
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok, mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): u rite
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and like ok but i spent since november cel shading clothing so like. how bad could this be
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i want you to do it just so you can feel my pain
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): join me in the dark realm of wigs
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): only if u join me in the realm of foam
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im gonna have to for oz
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~well.... mostly worbla... but foam covered in worbla~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i barely use worbla tbh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): foam qween
Anna (loud and likely blonde): m too broke for worbla lmfao
Marisa (Mawisa): we gotta bring cosboard to the usa
Marisa (Mawisa): pwease mistew obama
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we just. gotta convince the next person going to japan to go with empty suitcases and fill em up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~also im suffering over here i need to make ironwoods limbs~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i could def do just. torn apart ironwood for rtx
Anna (loud and likely blonde): NYCC sent out a survey... oh honey..... honey you need to make your time ranges a little larger....
Marisa (Mawisa): maybe they meant put it on?
but obviously all cosplay are made between 1 and 5 hours
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~nope they mean prepare your outfit as in gather/make~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i mean. it takes 2 hours to putt on yang if i go ham on makeup
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Anyone else going to NYCC this year? Debating how many days to go this year. ~~mainly cuz it was expensive and I didn't have as much fun last year~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so im going to swear up and down that i wont, will still end up buying a saturday ticket, and will probs go for one day
Anna (loud and likely blonde): otherwise im going to that other anime festival thats the same day and you can get into the big panels with either ticket
