Rebecca (madameterralupus): So uhh I know Zenkai is a while away but anyone planning to do Team  RWBY's to the con ??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!334090409389195266> <@!245270932602486784> <@!266718984571846656> 👀👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): Immmm not quite sure
Marisa (Mawisa): i was considering ruby but i'd have to wear my shirt over the costume, and it's the volume 1 version
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Was gonna do ozma to zenkai
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was planning on doing Blakey and was curious if anyone else was gonna do anyone else from the team lol. 
And lol I wanted to do Human Salem with you but idk if money will allow D: imma try though
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Because I wont have the money to make penny light up for katsu soooo..mm I might do that for zenkai
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Well tbh I'll either be doing ozma or penny
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Depending on funds
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Those sent backwards
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But you get what I'm saying lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD I got what you were saying lol.
snow ( karma chameleon ): I don’t know if I’m going to zenkai .-.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh right I forgot about that 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): For reference before i work on my scythe tomorrow maybe, how long does it take contact cement to dry? Like does it gotta sit overnight before I work on the piece again or...?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Apply to both surfaces, let it sit for a few minutes, apply a second coat, let sit for another few minutes (it says like 10-15 minutes or something)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But I usually just wait until it's not super tacky anymore
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just both let it dry too long
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Shiny, but not gooey
Anna (Cadmium): Beware tho fresh foam usually absorbs the first cement layer so maybe let dry kinds and then add more
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's why you heat seal first
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So I should heat seal my foam before applying the contact cement?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hm did not know had to do this lol. Noted. Thank you
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It closes up the pores of the foam and makes it easier to cement and paint
Anna (Cadmium): O my heat sealed foam still drinks it sometimes rip. 

Oh no. I 
Accidentally cemented part of something to the floor
Anna (Cadmium): But yes listen to him he is right and I can prove doing the opposite is bad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am sure I will have question when I actually work on it. Just brace yourselves for it XD
~~I am also sorry for how many questions I have with this project. I've never used this material before and honestly afraid to fuck something up.~~
Anna (Cadmium): That's ok on another server I had to explain to someone that u need to heat up worbla to work
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Foam is easier to work with than worbla. You'll be fine, but yeah feel free to ask any questions
Anna (Cadmium): Zero judgement zone here. Unless you glue something to the floor and then. Please shame me if I do that again
Anna (Cadmium): Does anyone know how to sew eyelets btw
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I really want to make this damn scythe and this is the only material that works well enough but oof I am so intimated by it to work on it that I haven't really done anything with it. Who knows if I'll get it done at this point lol...
Anna (Cadmium): Ruby's?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nah. Shinoa Hiragi's from Owari No Seraph
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Don't eyelets usually get hammered into place?
Marisa (Mawisa): i've done eyelets ya you need a grommet puncher for them
Anna (Cadmium): Nah not always. I don't want rivets I just want the things that look kinda like buttonholes but not
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I read buttonholes as buttholes... oops XD~~
Marisa (Mawisa): whatcha sewin?
Anna (Cadmium): The thot police are coming for u now
Anna (Cadmium): I am. Sewing Grimm Yang
Anna (Cadmium): Well. Once I get to the sewing part
Anna (Cadmium): But she's got shorts and a thigh high sock that has that odd edgr and it's got teardrop shapes in the edges and I don't want the spandex to tear
Marisa (Mawisa): oooo
you're trying to add these things right? or something else
Marisa (Mawisa): oo wait are you going this design?
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): No like these but. Teardrop shaped
Anna (Cadmium): Yes I am doing that design lmao. I'm 1/2 way through the foam construction but I'm an idiot and made my deadline katsu
Anna (Cadmium): See the little white dots on the stocking thing 
That's what I'm tryna do but I'm also. Tryna not paint on white shapes but I might have to
Marisa (Mawisa): ppppplenty of time till katsu ;3c
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah hmm that's a tricky. you want to make it stretch? are you making the stockings out of scratch or using existing ones?
Anna (Cadmium): Oh yes if anyone needs red plastic chain lmk bc I have approximately 18 extra feet of it
Anna (Cadmium): From scratch I already have black spandex
Marisa (Mawisa): o wait you want it to be white? or do you want it to be a window and show your skin
Anna (Cadmium): Window theoretically
Anna (Cadmium): Ok so my whole plan is also to wear basically a unitard under this so I have white legs and a white Tummy and only have to paint my chest and face
Anna (Cadmium): But if I have to I'll just paint it. Might not have time to work that out
Anna (Cadmium): But also a white unitard so I can make sure no bits fall down
Marisa (Mawisa): that's a good idea. you could try sewing the stocking to the unitard? that way it retains its shape and stays up, and you could just sew the hole right onto the leg?
if you do it separately i can't think of a way to keep it totally stretchy yet get the exact shape you wait
Anna (Cadmium): M not expecting it to be fully stretchy but I'm debating going home and borrowing my mom's serger....
Anna (Cadmium): I'm just tryna not fall on my ass while wearing this (while I choose a pair of heels as the shoes....)
Marisa (Mawisa): i wish i had a machine with me rteyjkgf pls keep us updated on ur situation because it's fascinating
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): Current status
Anna (Cadmium): #thanksSavers
Marisa (Mawisa): hewwo lurkers owo
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): I have no idea what I'm really doing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Does anyone ever really know what they are doing when it comes to cosplay? Lol~~
Marisa (Mawisa): ur doin' it!
Anna (Cadmium): But I glued something to the floor by accident. It has been henceforth saved
Anna (Cadmium): Thank u pocket knife that I bought at a convention
Anna (Cadmium): Wait I got one better please enjoy my super high tech method of storing a prop
Marisa (Mawisa): did you make the corset? ~~i'm nosy and want to know where people get their materials sorry~~
Anna (Cadmium): 
Marisa (Mawisa): are those yaoi paddles
Anna (Cadmium): It's barely balanced across 4 command hooks.
Anna (Cadmium): NO THEYRE MY SORORITY PADDLES OMFG
Tom (tomukuncosplay): So yaoi paddles
Anna (Cadmium): no I actually bought the corset
Marisa (Mawisa): my friend worked at a corset store but moved on to a different job so now idk where to get steel boning for quick and cheap
Marisa (Mawisa): the search continues
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): 
Marisa (Mawisa): are you wearing socks and sandles i'm scared
Anna (Cadmium): This is too pretty to hit ppl with
Anna (Cadmium): My house is cold
Marisa (Mawisa): the raw power in these images
Anna (Cadmium): And it's laundry
Anna (Cadmium): Apparently naychan is rlly good at making corsets she would know
Marisa (Mawisa): don't mess with anna she'll mess u up with her extensive yaoi paddle collection and do it in socks and sandles like a lumberjack
Marisa (Mawisa): *immediately searches for this person*
Anna (Cadmium): She's naychansan on like everything
Marisa (Mawisa): she looks familiar
Anna (Cadmium): They aren't yaoi paddlessssssssss. Although they are pretty nerdy and two are indeed Bioshock and one is portal.
Anna (Cadmium): I met her through Hunter u probs met her
Marisa (Mawisa): i haven't met hunter irl yet ;u;
but she has a wicked megara cosplay it's so majestic omg
perhaps i've seen her at some point in the past but i don't think i've met her
Marisa (Mawisa): i return to the usa in one week and then i'm hunting you all down. get ready. 
i can be kept at bay with mustard so if you want to ward me off just drizzle some mustard on the sidewalk or something
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do it. Come hunt us down <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (Cadmium): Hunt us down so I can meet u
Marisa (Mawisa): anna lemme borrow your pretty ~~not~~ yaoi paddles so i can look intimidating
or i'll carry a fork
Marisa (Mawisa): the not refers to the yaoi
Anna (Cadmium): Perhaps. Or I can get u a large fork
Marisa (Mawisa): i'll bring my homestuck pitchfork
Anna (Cadmium): I'll make a sord
Anna (Cadmium): Aw damn I definitely left the batterwitch measuring cups in Georgia's basement
Marisa (Mawisa): retrieve them
Marisa (Mawisa): why rip
is georgia's basement a place of no return
Anna (Cadmium): Uh. 
Bc. 
There is a like $15 bridge in the way
Marisa (Mawisa): wow that's a big basement
Anna (Cadmium): And staten island 
And that takes 3-5 business days to mentally prepare for
Marisa (Mawisa): swim
Marisa (Mawisa): though that might be difficult i think google maps got rid of their 'swim across the ocean' instructions
Marisa (Mawisa): you might get lost
Anna (Cadmium): It's just the arthur kill. But like. If I drown I leave so many cosplans unfinished
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm worried because i bought all my katsu supplies in advance so i can get right to work (also it's all super cheap from china) but i'll die if something is the wrong size or color. my mother bought me a fake foot though so that will really help.
Anna (Cadmium): UM
Anna (Cadmium): Explain?????
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A fake foot. Marisa... WHAT
Marisa (Mawisa): if something is the wrong color or size it will be inaccurate and i'll be so sad i'll perish
Marisa (Mawisa): oh that
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah it'll make sewing easier
Anna (Cadmium): Why dO YOU NEED ONE THO
Marisa (Mawisa): for sewing
Marisa (Mawisa): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are you sewing socks? XD
Marisa (Mawisa): shoes!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~She's gonna sew toe socks for Tom lol~~
Anna (Cadmium): Toe sockssssss
Marisa (Mawisa): i normally sew it on my foot but i can only hold that pose so long
Marisa (Mawisa): nO
Marisa (Mawisa): *no toe socks*
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm making shoes entirely from scratch for katsu and it will be nice not to scald the bottom of my foot with hot plastic
Marisa (Mawisa): but sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do
Anna (Cadmium): Actually I appreciate your foresight
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn. Making shoes from scratch 😮 . You going all out lol
Anna (Cadmium): Bc my other half. 
Managed to iron her foot when sewing Blake
Anna (Cadmium): Even after I told her hey maybe wear socks or something and she's like. I'm fine 

An hour later she was one foot under the faucet in the sink while eating ramen and complaining bc I was right
Marisa (Mawisa): she's fine. fine.
was she ironing her shoes
Anna (Cadmium): No she was ironing the boot tops to Blake. They weren't on her. They were on the floor. She just managed to kick the iron
Marisa (Mawisa): new euphemism for someone dying of cosplay
Marisa (Mawisa): they kicked the iron
Anna (Cadmium): This is now law
Anna (Cadmium): Is she dying of con crunch? Yep she's kicked the iron
Marisa (Mawisa): there's foam here called cosboard and i love it and want to bring it all back because it's super cheap and lightweight but it takes up so much room
Anna (Cadmium): Ship it back. Would be cheaper
Marisa (Mawisa): あｃつあｌｌｙ。。。。。
Marisa (Mawisa): wait
Marisa (Mawisa): oops
Marisa (Mawisa): actually..........
Anna (Cadmium): Especially if it's light are you paying by weight
Anna (Cadmium): Oh that wasn't intentionally weeb
Marisa (Mawisa): no nvm it can't be shipped from amazon
Marisa (Mawisa): everything is intentionally weeb when you breathe anime
Anna (Cadmium): No like. To u. And then u ship it to someone here
Anna (Cadmium): Like if you personally ship something internationally and it's by weight you can math that
Anna (Cadmium): I dead just said math as a verb. I'm not changing that
Marisa (Mawisa): but the box would be so big and honestly i have no idea where to buy boxes. i get mine either on amazon or there's one store like an hour away i found a box at before but it's too small.
Anna (Cadmium): Hmmmmmmmmmmmm u can. Make one.
Marisa (Mawisa): i could use a proxy shipping service and get it delivered with my nerd stuff whenever something gets released
Anna (Cadmium): Or like private shipping company
Anna (Cadmium): Idk you have time but post offices would probably have something you can buy
Marisa (Mawisa): ya!
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah like. If you like it that much it's worth it. Also lol who knows u might reveal to the makers there's a market here and then they might sell it here
Anna (Cadmium): Arda Canada is carrying lumins workshop foam soon. But that does not help us americants
Marisa (Mawisa): it's basically eva foam but a big sheet and designed for cosplayers
Marisa (Mawisa): a lot of cosplay books have tutorials for armor using it
Marisa (Mawisa): like these are cosboard
Anna (Cadmium): Is it like less dense than regular Eva?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Late but I appreciate the booze on the sewing table. Speaks to me b
Marisa (Mawisa): and this sword
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah it's very lightweight but durable
Anna (Cadmium): Interesting bc I had more lightweight Eva but I hated it
Anna (Cadmium): <@184437198865563648> Costco wine. Decent stuff
Marisa (Mawisa): comes in lots of different sizes
Anna (Cadmium): I am fascinated by new materials
Marisa (Mawisa): there's someone who goes to katsucon and crochets their entire costume every year it's insane
Marisa (Mawisa): i got a mint scented eraser and i can't stop sniffing it help
Anna (Cadmium): Apparently she's well known even in the knitting and fiber arts community because my mom sent me a link to her work telling me to check it out
Marisa (Mawisa): she was at the owari no seraph shoot a few years back and i wish i could've seen more. even her shoes and a rose she had were crocheted.
Marisa (Mawisa): i'm going to miss cosplay stores
Marisa (Mawisa): crowdfunding to open a cosplay store in the US
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh I think we saw the crochet cosplayer at ANYC
Erik (Red Riot Thot): At least there was someone in a completely crocheted Edward Elric cosplay
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh yeaa I forgot about that. It was P cool! 😄
Anna (Cadmium): How did I miss seeing any of you at ANYC
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We were all in BNHA.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That could be it.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I was the only non BNHA in our squad but no one really knew who i was XDD~~
Anna (Cadmium): Possibly. I was also as usual blind
Anna (Cadmium): dishwasher responded to my tweet. I got the gun wrong
Anna (Cadmium): e n d  m e
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oof
Anna (Cadmium): im just. gonna have to build it up and sand it down
Anna (Cadmium): so if anyone was curious grimm yang's gun looks more like THIS
Marisa (Mawisa): oldschool
Anna (Cadmium): omg wait i can totally reuse a wig for Denki
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so.................. it's starting to look like star butterfly will not be complete for katsu and i am ANXIETY
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Don't stress yourself over it. If you get it done cool, if not you can always wear it to another con.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~maybe i can do penny photos with hunter instead of star if i cant get star done~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): these wings took a lot longer than i thought they would
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and i pretty much ONLY have the wings done, and her wig
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah, Zenkai is only five weeks after Katsu...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Mhm. If you can't get her done for Katsu you can always aim to do her for Zenkai.
Just don't over stress yourself with trying to get it done in time. Trust me, I know from experience trying to get something done in time doesn't make your mental sanity any better
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yeaaaa this past couple weeks ive been like SO stressed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but i think i need to just accept that shes not gonna get done the way i want her to if i rush
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I feel that big time
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ <:valid:420824413592748032>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think i'll try to focus on penny, maybe i'll even have the time to do the lighting now if i put star on the backburner until after katsu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): There ya go. See things may work not work out for one but could work out for another 😄 
You'll get Star done eventually and it's gonna look amazing when ya do~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😭  thank you for that pep talk
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ❤
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Tis true. Afaik you aren't syncing up with anyone for Star right? So take your time, don't pre announce it, and blow the con away when you've got it perfect. Surprise badassery.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea, like i was planning on RUSHING it out like i did with predator. BUT theres literally 4 arms that still need to be made
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats just not going to happen LmAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): looks like penny will be my main cosplay for katsu now ~~ i wonder if I can get swords done~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): if not <@143910209738244096> has a set?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀 if he'd let me borrow, that'd be pretty lit
Emerling: I think i made like 5ish of em and put them on fishing line, but they’re kinda tangled to fuck if you dont mind dealing with that lol
Emerling: When would you need em?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): for katsucon, eitgher friday or saturday o3o
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i'm a good detangler~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *I'm reminded of a comedy skit about giving Meth heads things to detangle, because they're really good at picking at things with their fingers*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~same , minus the meth~~
Anna (Cadmium): well that was a topic change
Anna (Cadmium): i have not heard of zenkaikon 👀
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *You should*
Anna (Cadmium): *nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo*
Anna (Cadmium): thats the same weekend as Tora-Con
Anna (Cadmium): in Rochester
Mark (Mad Doctor): First Odin armor costest
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that looks really great
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌
Mark (Mad Doctor): Still a lot to do. I'm not relishing the prospect of wearing an eye patch for hours at a time
Mark (Mad Doctor): And he wears this dumb leather apron below the breastplate.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): chafe protection
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): ☝
Georgia (Something Sensible): YO SWEET ARMOR
Jess (whoozica): NICE
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): That armour is dope!!
Anna (Cadmium): THAT ARMOR. EPIC.
Anna (Cadmium): i would like see if you can put the eyepatch on something you can move so you can walk more easily
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah maybe with some kinda fishing line or something
Anna (Cadmium): or like a hinge. so u can snap it up and down
Mark (Mad Doctor): Thanks all
Anna (Cadmium): just. based on my ability to walk when my normal vision is impaired. it might be beneficial to not mistake a child for a trash can
Georgia (Something Sensible): *smacks child with empty slurpee cup* “oh you’re not a garbage can”
Mark (Mad Doctor): Right. Being blind with no depth perception is just asking for it. I think I'll wear a more practical strap. Odin's casual eyepatch
Anna (Cadmium): to be fair the person was literally dressed like a trash can and i didnt actually drop the cup on them
Anna (Cadmium): it was close
Anna (Cadmium): theoretically if you look good enough you dont have to move which should increase ability to not mistake child for trash
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: see I have a similar problem with small children
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: in that I usually don't see them
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: cause they're below my line of vision
Jess (whoozica): heres a rookie ass questions: what do i apply body paint with?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): > Yeet paint into tub
> Yeet self into tub
> Yeet self out of tub
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): - Source, Me, a cosplayer
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): prob sponges
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): in x patterns
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but what kind of paint are you using
Jess (whoozica): uhh snazaroo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): then ye
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sponge in X patterns
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): do not dab or drag
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): just do repetetive Xs
Jess (whoozica): like stamping?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like... please hold
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://youtu.be/RIV_ckwyke8?t=286
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): @5 min mark
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was gonna go do it with my own but... i do not know where the fuck my bodypaint is LmaO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so this video will have to do
Jess (whoozica): ooo! so should i go brush then? like her or still sponge ~~or both~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): snaz is water activated right?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'd use a sponge, but maybe test with both?
Jess (whoozica): 👌 
like these?
Jess (whoozica): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea!
Jess (whoozica): coo thank
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): no problemo
Georgia (Something Sensible): I use those for body but fingers for face because it gives a more even coat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The Magic Phalanges™  <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jess (whoozica): ill just try everything
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): this video is pretty hilarious though.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i love me some glam and gore~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Rational side: okay after work, work on Beastlord and be productive
Georgia (Something Sensible): Goldfish brain: HErA CosTEst??????
Jess (whoozica): good goldfish brain
Jess (whoozica): ~~video chat with me to show me how to body paint~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Noooo I got these bigass sheets of insulation foam I must werkkk
Georgia (Something Sensible): Maybe Friday night 👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ll get home from date night and YEET that make up on my face
Anna (Cadmium): oooooo date night, nice
