Anna (Cadmium): Alchohol company pls sponsor me
Anna (Cadmium): This machine needs a tune up V BADLY
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Sam Adams cherry wheat, good choice
Anna (Cadmium): It's very cherry I was not expecting it
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Props look so weird before you prime them
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The googly eyesss
Marisa (Mawisa): nice splatoon gun
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It looks like a weird new wave pokemon
Georgia (Something Sensible): They become rivets when you spray paint okay 😂
Marisa (Mawisa): edgy splatoon gun
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Edgified
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): To quote the immortal Billiam "Watch yourself with that edge"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ,... when'd I say that?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It sounds like something I would say.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I definitely have.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But when exactly.
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Like all the time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Probably Saturday
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Saturday
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Ayyyyy ☝
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AYYYYYY <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Dab to dab away your tears*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sab
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ....that wasn't as funny as I had hoped
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh me
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): When ur friend is doing a Hannah Alexander piece but can't sculpt
Anna (Cadmium): U step in
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh pretty!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌 Okay got my list of things and materials to work on during the katsucrunch workshop sunday. Woot!
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): 
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Ulquiorra from bleach ♡ 45$ free ship Ebay amazing ♡
Marisa (Mawisa): cadium cosplay is in here right
ngl i totally thought the grim yang outfit was a naruto akatsuki cloak for a hot minute
Anna (Cadmium): Yes is me lol
Anna (Cadmium): Lmaooooooooo yeah mag is working on Grimm Blake I'm working on Grimm Yang
Marisa (Mawisa): naruto is coming along gr8
Anna (Cadmium): I need a safety Naruto
Anna (Cadmium): But only me is in group bc mag lives in MD rn
Anna (Cadmium): And I can't get her to function on discord
Marisa (Mawisa): begin peer pressure
Anna (Cadmium): I peer pressure her into costumes it's fine
Anna (Cadmium): Like this Grimm shit.
Anna (Cadmium): I'm like so we doing
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): red tin is caps made, brown is ones I still need to put the nuka cola label on oof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~You may have more coming to you this weekend lol~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): IM GONNA BE RICH BOIS
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 💰 💸 🤑
Georgia (Something Sensible): its wild to think all these caps have come from actual drinks
Georgia (Something Sensible): _ya alcoholics_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🍻 <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Most of the ones coming from me arreee from us drinking but a good handful is from an event my mom went to lol
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): <@245270932602486784> you a rich wastelander
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is anyone still planning lore olympus for zenkai?
Jess (whoozica): I might do Artemis not sure yet
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): trying to decide if i wanna make hecate for zenkai, i got free blue bodypaint from arda with my last order so...... possibly
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Possibly Hermes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~otherwise im doing jinn costest~~
Jess (whoozica): Both
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was interested in being Hera for Friday 👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): I feel weird cause I would have to commit the whole day of body paint to Hera
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I usually split my Fridays
Georgia (Something Sensible): But I do love the queen 👸
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀  looks like hecate is proba happening
Evie (Katheryne Knight): MAYBE Persephone
Maybe
I might cut Ruby but it all depends who is easier to get together
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think my Zenkai will be Hera Friday, Ochako and RWBY Saturday, and Dunkin Sunday
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof I keep forgetting it’s in March too but thankfully I have the whole week before Zenkai off to work on stuff lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~This tempts me to do Persephone for Zenkai now XD~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So far I have Ed Elric and Veronica on the schedule to wear for Zenkai
Georgia (Something Sensible): JOIN JOIN JOIN
Georgia (Something Sensible): _welcome to bodypaint hell_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I meannn I have her wig and I found a perfect jacket at target the other week... 👀 So maaayyybbeee
Georgia (Something Sensible): Let me be your cool mother figure
Anna (Cadmium): just remember to seal ur body paint
Georgia (Something Sensible): I almost bought yell snazroo in micheals but it’s 9 dollars there and 6 online lmaooooo
Anna (Cadmium): or the curse of the homestucks will be upon u
Georgia (Something Sensible): IF YOU DONT SEAL PAINT YOURE DEAD TO ME
Anna (Cadmium): yEAH WHATS WITH SNAZAROO BEING IN MICHEALS LIKE. WHERE WAS THIS SIX YEARS AGO BEFORE I HAD A DEBIT CARD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I deff know to seal. Im not gonna be an idiot XD thankfully past homestuck Georgia recommended me a good sealant~
Anna (Cadmium): Friend tryna paint arms pink but im like. honey make arm socks i know you
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Im as we speak looking at I love Colors for arm socks and tights XDD
Anna (Cadmium): whats your sealant im using ben nye colorless powder and  blue marble spray
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think it was that? I cant recall but have it saved on my amazon wishlist lol
Anna (Cadmium): oki im just. worried for grimm yang
Anna (Cadmium): cause all black with white paint
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh true. It shouldn't do much but just slightly dull it a bit?
Jess (whoozica): Ben bye nuetral set it what Georgia recommend for me
Anna (Cadmium): ye im just tryna not rub off on everything ~~including my friends all black leather car interior~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Leave a mark of grimm lol*
Georgia (Something Sensible): YE BEN NYE NEUTRAL SET IS LIFE
Georgia (Something Sensible): A Terezi one year powdered my face with her neutral set and that I was like hello goddess
Anna (Cadmium): im glad i can be unashamed that i was homestuck trash with yall
Anna (Cadmium): still kinda am. 
Someone says abscond and just. my head pops up
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I was homestuck trash for like a hot minute XD~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): 👀
Anna (Cadmium): are any of yall going to the homestuck 10 yr meetup in NYC
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thinkin bout it
Anna (Cadmium): lets do it
Anna (Cadmium): and then we can go get hotpot or KBBW
Anna (Cadmium): mostly AYCE KBBQ
Georgia (Something Sensible): HOTPOT
Anna (Cadmium): MOIST OPTION ONLY
Anna (Cadmium): thats a lie Favortaste u can do KBBQ or hotpot or both at
Anna (Cadmium): IMPORTANT QUESTION. Does anyone know where i can get an image of the cover of Ninjas of Love that I can print out. 
It is important for katsu
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://i.redd.it/eilaaak8cecz.png
Erik (Red Riot Thot): that's the chibi version
Anna (Cadmium): PERFECT
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.deviantart.com/capricornguy/art/RWBY-Ninjas-of-Love-590443973
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I meant to recreate the chibi cover for my Blake at some point but never got around to it. Glad someone's done it for me since then lol
Anna (Cadmium): someone needs to do an obscure cosplay of them to photoshop on the cover lol
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Anyone have any recommendations for sandable caulk????
Erik (Red Riot Thot): What's it for?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Its silicone right?
