Matt (mattmyers25): <@245270932602486784> I found a cosplay idea for you 
https://twitter.com/Cowbuttcrunchie/status/1118922919198056453?s=19
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol everyone's been sharing this with her today XDD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~She needs to make her own Dunkin cosplay now lol~~
Matt (mattmyers25): Or if meg can make Starbucks armor
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Time for everyone to do coffee places armor costumes
Anna (blonde and sad): I call 7-11 
Or should I do Cumberland Farms
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 7-11
Anna (blonde and sad): 7-11 it is
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What is a cumberland farms XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): never heard of it. I dont think we have that here
Anna (blonde and sad): It's a gas station with bitchin coffee
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im quickcheck
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~can i be sheetz. I'll leave wawa for erik lol~~
Anna (blonde and sad): Omfg that was my other one 
Someone tell zombie to be wawas
Anna (blonde and sad): We need 2 wawas
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The wawa twins. Even though one be short and the other tol XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They're name are Wa and Wa
Anna (blonde and sad): Like the twins in fallout four nuka world
Anna (blonde and sad): WA AND WA IM PISSING
Anna (blonde and sad): Okay but like. 
Actually? Coffee chain knights?
Anna (blonde and sad): Who wants Tim Hortons
Anna (blonde and sad): U get to dress vaguely like a mountie
Anna (blonde and sad): Rebecca who's ur fighter
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Im dying at this XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I claimed SHeetz cause I like live there
Anna (blonde and sad): Idk what that is you must introduce me some day
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol it's a PA chain. Basically like Wawa ~~but better~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sheetz is more like Western PA based. Where as Wawa is Eastern PA
Anna (blonde and sad): Omg wait I kinda. Want Tim Hortons more cause like. 7-11 is gonna be hard to pull off .......
When's the next coffee war we all gotta suit up for this
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao whomst has the timer set for the coffee wars. I know someone did.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think it was Will??
Anna (blonde and sad): Georgia I see u online 
When is battle
Anna (blonde and sad): I'll get back to u with character designs n swords later
Rebecca (madameterralupus): lmao
Anna (blonde and sad): Dunkin fights with a giant donut stick
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Anna is all set to go forward with this XD
Anna (blonde and sad): I take my coffee very seriously
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YES
Rebecca (madameterralupus): lmaoo
Anna (blonde and sad): Ok but 100% u need this now
Anna (blonde and sad): Can I have taqito daggers for 7-11 even tho it's not a coffee item. I count it as breakfast
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Taquito daggers XD yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): as long as you use something from your respective chain its fair game
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im gonna have green coffee stirrer escrima sticks
Anna (blonde and sad): Yes do it
Anna (blonde and sad): And the giant slurpee straws
Anna (blonde and sad): I forgot 7-11 us famous for slurpies
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Late to the coffee armor convo, but I'm either Wawa (catch me with armor and fucking ~~goose~~ wings)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): or crappy diner coffee
Erik (Red Riot Thot): because even though it's crappy, those diner mugs make it the best coffee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Goose wings ommmggg XDD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): please
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i cant get the "choose your player" audio out of my head during this conversation~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~"new player has entered the battle"~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LOL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~we need to all actually do this and then just all do the idle pose character select thing for a video~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): tiktok?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YES
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Better off doing Smash title cards.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats so much work
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Isn't it a basic background, the image over it, and a witty one liner?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): for a video?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Powerpoint transitions*
Anna (blonde and sad): So I think mag is actually who ran off with the second Brain cell bc I told her about the coffee wars and she's like. Do I have to rep Tim Hortons
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://66.media.tumblr.com/b3155c64aad3055877356e0aaffe3881/tumblr_inline_p8bz90qhRE1rue9g6_540.gif
Anna (blonde and sad): As the Canadian mag is contractually obligated to rep timmys
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *wow you called it Timmys*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Only canadians do that.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🇨🇦
Anna (blonde and sad): Mag is like sixty percent of my impulse control and dialogue
Anna (blonde and sad): Wait do only Canadians do that really 
Am I a fraud
Anna (blonde and sad): STILL BETTER THAN 
*shifty eyes* 
Cumbies
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yikes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Cumbies* .... I don't like the sound o that name XD
Anna (blonde and sad): 
Anna (blonde and sad): Like i swear this place exists
Anna (blonde and sad): There are multiple of them
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im upset that cumbies sounds like cummies
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Yes
Anna (blonde and sad): Maybe it's more of a CT/MA/VT thing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like yikes no thanks XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): this is extrememly upsetting anna
Anna (blonde and sad): I mean SAME
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ive just been taught something horrific
Anna (blonde and sad): I don't like calling it that either
Anna (blonde and sad): But it does have great coffee
Anna (blonde and sad): Just a tragic nickname
Georgia (Something Sensible): i haD BEEN MENTIONED ON THAT POST MINUTES AFTER IT WAS POSTED
Georgia (Something Sensible): _IM AFRAID TO SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE SENT IT TO ME WHILE MY PHONE WAS DEAD_
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): It begins
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD
Mark (Mad Doctor): We had Cum berland farms in Western Mass
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): even casey (labinnak casey) sent me the armor
Georgia (Something Sensible): im dyin yall thats like 10 people already
Mark (Mad Doctor): Well, I guess we know who will cater your wedding/retirement party/funeral
Georgia (Something Sensible): lex suggested making more party members
Georgia (Something Sensible): like a mage
Georgia (Something Sensible): or a princess
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yesss agree with lex!
Anna (blonde and sad): I wanna be a rogue
Anna (blonde and sad): D&D
Anna (blonde and sad): But it's Dunkin & Donuts
Georgia (Something Sensible): YES
Mark (Mad Doctor): Opponent of the WaWizard and the Starbuckbarian
