Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Barb confirmed vol 7 new outfits and just fuck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Now I'm gonna have yo make another yang
Jess (whoozica): Oh no
Matt (mattmyers25): Oh boy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh? 😮
Anna (blonde and sad): Summon the worbla gremlin
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Does REI even watch rwby anymore
Anna (blonde and sad): Lolol I mean Meaghan Troy like. Does ruby as her only cosplat
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yes cause I use their first account LOL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Force troy to do new rubes
Anna (blonde and sad): So basically ill sew it for Meaghan and we can have a ruby
Georgia (Something Sensible): We need a pocket ruby
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .... I dont like wearing penny because of her neck thing
Anna (blonde and sad): That's valid
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And also like various other reasons
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Such as wires
Anna (blonde and sad): Is it the weird leg bits too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And skirt too short, ass out most of the time
Anna (blonde and sad): Cause idk how that works
Anna (blonde and sad): Is it just an Android thing. Tits and ass out
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Heels
Anna (blonde and sad): Wait penny. Wears heels???
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): No but shes tall
Anna (blonde and sad): F
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So I wear chunky heels
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Short black platforms
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And if I dont the leg things are too long
Anna (blonde and sad): F
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Penny is literal hell
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But I spent so much time on her that I'm like BITCH BETTER WEAR HER
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SUCK IT UP
Anna (blonde and sad): I mean. When wish isn't up here. 
Meaghan is short AF so u tall
Anna (blonde and sad): Like we stood her and Rei back to back
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea true LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): They both smol af
Georgia (Something Sensible): Tru I remember from domestic white rose photos lol
Anna (blonde and sad): And Rei was JUST shorter than Meaghan
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s why Rei and me and Yang and ruby was so good
Georgia (Something Sensible): If I cosplayed to body type I’d be a Yang
Georgia (Something Sensible): More buff and I’m Pyrrha
Georgia (Something Sensible): Weiss is too flat for me
Anna (blonde and sad): Yeah somehow Meaghan is like. Almost canon rubes height which next to my canon yang made me realize JFC HEIGHT DIFFERENCE like numbers and animation. One thing. 
Real life is diff
Anna (blonde and sad): LMFAO body type for me would be. Uh. 
....... Idk. Velvet?
Georgia (Something Sensible): _are you a furry_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Who isn't
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (blonde and sad): Rebecca so far
Anna (blonde and sad): SHE CLAIMS
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was not anticipating such a well constructed answer, carry on
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SUUUUUUUREEE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (blonde and sad): but anyways uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I mean. Kinda flat. Got hips. 
Brown hair. About it
Anna (blonde and sad): Either that or Nora cause THUNDER THIGHS
Georgia (Something Sensible): I got big boob, lotta leggy, no butt
Anna (blonde and sad): I got smol boob. Thicc leggy. Proportionate butt? 
Round af face 
Guess I'm closer to Weiss really
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg I remember changing at AnimeNEXT and Ryan was like DID YOU STEAL YANGS BODY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I do not know who I'd fit most via body type
Georgia (Something Sensible): honestly Nora sounds accurate Anna except you y’all
Anna (blonde and sad): Yang 
U got the boobs
Anna (blonde and sad): Why am I a tol
Georgia (Something Sensible): RWBOOBU
Georgia (Something Sensible): Aren’t you taller than me
Anna (blonde and sad): Leanna or me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm smol
Anna (blonde and sad): I am. Tall. Apparently
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 5'2"
Anna (blonde and sad): 5'7"
Georgia (Something Sensible): Anna is taller
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye I’m 5’5
Georgia (Something Sensible): 5’5.5 technically
Anna (blonde and sad): O think u mag's height. Ish.
Anna (blonde and sad): She might be like 5'3" or something
Anna (blonde and sad): Idk. My frame of reference of her height has been most recently updated in terms of Erik's so it's a little weird rn
Jess (whoozica): I 5'3"!
Anna (blonde and sad): !!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Jess you're taller than me too?!?!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Wtf I thought we at least were same height
Jess (whoozica): Only a tiny bit
Anna (blonde and sad): Jess does not rear up to her full height unless provoked didn't u know
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh mood
Jess (whoozica): TRUE
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Wow that’s poop quality
Anna (blonde and sad): Discord ate ur jpg
Anna (blonde and sad): Also uh intermission HOLY FUCK I HATE IRONWOODS GUN????
Anna (blonde and sad): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH IT LOOKS GOOD
Anna (blonde and sad): THANK
I WANNA KILL IT
Jess (whoozica): YEA look nicu
Anna (blonde and sad): it's too small 😭
Jess (whoozica): It fine
Anna (blonde and sad): My hand does not fit around the grip the gun is too small
Anna (blonde and sad): So like I guess I'm glad I picked up a bunch of dress patterns but 
If Weiss. Gets pants 
I'mma cry
Anna (blonde and sad): PLEASE LET THE NEW OUTFITS HAVE POCKETS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Please let me remember to fucking put pockets
Anna (blonde and sad): ok but you won't
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I forgot to put pockets in ozma and I hate myself
Anna (blonde and sad): You'll look at the pattern and go 'this takes too much time'
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Anna (blonde and sad): Ok but also. Ozma shoving his phone and money in his underwear? Thotsma
Georgia (Something Sensible): Discord is out to ruin me
Anna (blonde and sad): Nah I can see it. Not the numbers but
Anna (blonde and sad): MY LIFE IS A LIE
Anna (blonde and sad): HOW IS PYRRHA THAT TALL
Anna (blonde and sad): HOW IS NEPTUNE THAT TALL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Fuxk pyrrha how is GLYNDA that tall
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): What the FUCK
Anna (blonde and sad): glynda is a skyscraper apparently
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Shes a giant
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Holy fuck
Anna (blonde and sad): It's heels and putting up with oz
Anna (blonde and sad): It's how she's so tall
Anna (blonde and sad): Neo is so tiny?????
Anna (blonde and sad): Like I knew she was titty height on yang but
Jess (whoozica): Nora smol
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ren tiny boi
Jess (whoozica): I can't follow da line how tol is he
Georgia (Something Sensible): 5’9 looks it
Jess (whoozica): Oh Tom's 2-3 inches shorter than that 😅
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): On Weiss tho: you may not be in the canon body type but I'm so used to your Weiss seeing more 'accurate' Weiss's feels weird.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Original image says Ren is 5’8
Anna (blonde and sad): Tom just. Wears slightly platform shoes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I forgot what Weiss it was I was working with when I realized it's kinda weird.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The girl at Kotori, probably.
Jess (whoozica): I mean Rens shoes are platforms so ye
Anna (blonde and sad): Weiss' body type in that outfit is like. Not realistic like u need. More dimension
Anna (blonde and sad): U need more hip
Anna (blonde and sad): HA IRONWOODS GUN IS DONE JUST PAINT TOMORROW
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): mm. Curves suit her.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oooo Anna do you have cinder body?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): er, the outfit.
Anna (blonde and sad): Nah not enough bewb. Uh wait. Cinder actually isn't that. Gifted
Anna (blonde and sad): Wait I think I have cinder body type
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): lol gifted.
Anna (blonde and sad): Do we not have a cinder btw? I was actually debating making her cause. Evil is fun sometimes
Jess (whoozica): I'm Weiss height lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~Murder me mommy~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ginny does Cinder.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Wouldn't call her our pocket Cinder tho.
Anna (blonde and sad): Ginny pls murder georgia for me
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We did that shoot.
Anna (blonde and sad): I think I would cry if I ever tried to reenact that scene btw
Anna (blonde and sad): Photoshop needed
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh then I guess you need to do it.
Anna (blonde and sad): To edit my tears
Anna (blonde and sad): Oh fuck 
I just 
I have her heels
Anna (blonde and sad): I have cinders fucking black wedge heels already
Georgia (Something Sensible): Owo
Anna (blonde and sad): Someone yeet me a black wig
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Which cinder tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): She has so many outfits
Anna (blonde and sad): Hnnnnnnnnnng ok OG cinder is like. Pls step on me
Anna (blonde and sad): But like her current outfit looks. Excellent
Anna (blonde and sad): Omg I'll make a plexiglass bow and fill it with LED'S for fire effect
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Theres so so many xD: young cinder, vol 1 cinder, black bodysuit, vol 3 bandage look, vol4 , vol 6
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And of course her cloak
Anna (blonde and sad): OK BUT ALSO IF I MAKE A NEWER CINDER I can have a maiden battle with Rebecca
Georgia (Something Sensible): I read that as bondage
Anna (blonde and sad): Me too
Georgia (Something Sensible): 1 brain cell
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And her mommy nurse look™
Anna (blonde and sad): One gay kinky braincell
Anna (blonde and sad): ...... I'll consult the amount of fabric I own
Anna (blonde and sad): And willingness to make another prosthetic arm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I also have a fuckload of fabric if anyone needs anything LMAO. 

It's been dwindling down but still have way too much
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol so many characters are way taller than I thought :O
Also I think Heather is planning to do Cinder at some point too?
Anna (blonde and sad): Heather goin through all the maidens 👀
Anna (blonde and sad): Pls I will trade white spandex for whatever the fuck I need for cinders most recent outfit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I definitely do not need white spandex but I can see what black I have tomorrow o3o
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I prob also have gold for her gold bits
Anna (blonde and sad): I mean. Is dyeable
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If I have some red fabric left over in my pile of never to be used ill let ya know Anna lol
Anna (blonde and sad): I actually have a lot of gold spandex from the time I murdered the You Tried star (I think my roommate gave it to me idk)
Anna (blonde and sad): OwO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOL
Anna (blonde and sad): Pocket cinder for some kinky photos to sell on the interwebs
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (blonde and sad): I LIKE MONEY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887> <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887> <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887> <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887> <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887> <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887> <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887> <:leanna_pyrrha_scream:514147026741624887>
Anna (blonde and sad): Well make sure no feet appear it's fine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Wait no, you gotta do feet, they pay well
Anna (blonde and sad): U right
Anna (blonde and sad): Ok but like since when did I go yes all the rwby girls to YES ALL THE RWBY ADULTS
Anna (blonde and sad): cinder is so hot but so evil
Anna (blonde and sad): Wonder if I make her if I ever run into Jessica nigri if she would sign my cinder
Georgia (Something Sensible): Murder mommy
Georgia (Something Sensible): If you wanna be big sad you can use the gold trim I used for Pyrrha ahaaaa
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Jessica would sign anything you want tbh
Anna (blonde and sad): OOF ok but now like. I gotta so I can dead say "the trim came from pyrrha"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Would she sign a titty
Anna (blonde and sad): I mean probably
Anna (blonde and sad): That's her signature item
Anna (blonde and sad): Rebecca u ready for a maiden sword fight
Anna (blonde and sad): I know a cool cavern for photos
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Dick size fight?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Raven canonically has big dick energy
Anna (blonde and sad): Nah she fronting
Jess (whoozica): I heard dick size?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Dhdhsjjdbd
Anna (blonde and sad): Afsgcghfc
Rebecca (madameterralupus): lmaoo jess
Jess (whoozica): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Why does dick size immediately launch the non dick owners into action
Anna (blonde and sad): Bc the non dick owners have objective opinions on them
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~I mean some of us may “own” one but I’m talking technically~
Anna (blonde and sad): And can accurately judge size
Anna (blonde and sad): Ok but. 
Cinder got short hair now right
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ye
Anna (blonde and sad): Time to cut up this old Sebastian Michaelis wig I got
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...~~let yang cut her hair or ponytail it again for vol7~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Please
Anna (blonde and sad): PLEASE
Anna (blonde and sad): That is way too much hair for a functioning gay relationship
Georgia (Something Sensible): PONYTAIL YASSSS
Anna (blonde and sad): Also symbolism of hair cutting
Anna (blonde and sad): Would be awesome
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Especially after she realized her strength
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Can Blake ponytail too?? Cause i hate long wigs but also i think that'd be cute with her ears lol
Anna (blonde and sad): Or Blake
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Give Blake a bi bob
Anna (blonde and sad): Pls like. Shorter hair
Anna (blonde and sad): Let Weiss put her ponytail in the back
Anna (blonde and sad): ...... Ruby's hair is fine
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Give Blake short hair ~~but not too short cause I wanna keep cosplaying her and look V bad with short hair lol~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): -starts chanting - BI BOB BI BOB BI BOB
Jess (whoozica): Girls with short hair = 👌 
Bois with long hair = 👌
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Fucking valid
Anna (blonde and sad): ESPECIALLY IN PRETTY BRAIDS
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): _who is she_
Anna (blonde and sad): Lol what who's photo is that on
Georgia (Something Sensible): My yang lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LmAOOOOOOOOO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who are they talking to
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Georgia, obviously.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): talking directly to georgia: is she single?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): who is she
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WHO IS SHE
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~instagram followers have a collective intelligence of 1 and a 1/2 brain cells~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats way too many braincells\
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if me , anna and georgia all share one brain cell and we're this functional
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): then instagram followers must have such a small amount of brain cells that it's as if they dont exist
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://66.media.tumblr.com/3871c4a3bd79279059bbeb6f4dc0dd2c/tumblr_pba6ihnw821spt7hto1_1280.gif
Anna (blonde and sad): We loaned the other single braincell to Instagram users notice we went down to 1 cell
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh shit you right, shame they don't know how to use it
Anna (blonde and sad): Also lmao I was TRYNA give that user the benefit of the doubt and hoped his comment was on like. The Starfire Raven pic with two people but. Ppl be weird
Mark (Mad Doctor): If they're using third person, then the answer is "No, and she's taken by her kitty girlfriend"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just found a set of fall out armor for dogs on etsy. I am tempted to get this at some point and make my dog join me XD
Anna (blonde and sad): Ok but I know someone with a German Shepard who would lend us her dog too so like
Anna (blonde and sad): Yes??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yessss
Anna (blonde and sad): Remember the pets and cosplay calendar
Anna (blonde and sad): We need ur doggo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also my friend knows how to make functional old fashioned radios sooo I might commission him for one 👀 Play them old tunes~
Anna (blonde and sad): YEET
Anna (blonde and sad): I told Meaghan that congrats she's gonna wear new ruby when it's revealed 
She has accepted
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Was looking at swimsuit options for if I did fem! denki instead and just...
https://www.amazon.com/Trunks-Orange-Shapes-Bathing-Lining/dp/B07JKZH9DP/ref=sr_1_4?keywords=lightning+bolt+swimsuit&qid=1555082406&s=gateway&sr=8-4
LMAO
Georgia (Something Sensible): OMG pleasE
Georgia (Something Sensible): That would be so funny
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD What would I do for a top though? Lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just a black swimtop?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Plain black or yellow could work tbh
Georgia (Something Sensible): But those swimsuit bottoms are too perfect, they’re the main attraction anyways 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~tempting now lol... just for pure silly-ness.~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I still wanna do Bakugo but like ehhh what I plan to do for that genbent gonna be expensive so may have to put it off
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah this just swimsuit versions for the most part anyways
Georgia (Something Sensible): CCE isn’t meant for fancy debuts lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wanted to add some cool things to Bakugo swimsuit but oof monies XD Already doing more costumes than planned sooo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Think I may do silly denki cause got wig supplied already.
Georgia (Something Sensible): You could also buy those swim bottoms just to wear lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO YES
Georgia (Something Sensible): Especially if we have another swim party this summer
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Honestly I totally would. They need to make more swim trunks for women cause womens swim bottoms sssuuuccckkk
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll still do bakugo GB swim so we might have even more of a GB group now 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee! If I do Denki now we got some more for Baku squad~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You can yell at me for being in water with ym quirk XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its like...pikachu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/pikachu-gif-9038308
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It me
Georgia (Something Sensible): _now I gotta get me a man momo_
Georgia (Something Sensible): _ManMo_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): omgg
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think so far we got Todoroki, Bakugo, Denki, Iida, Present Mic, Iwazawa
Georgia (Something Sensible): _no Deku despite him being the main character lmao_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I gotta get me a man Jiro now as well lol ~~I got have someone be my emo mans and laugh at me for being dumb lol~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lmao I'd do Deku tbh but I need to take a break from him XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Marisa is being our Iida right?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): We also need a.... _BROchako_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YES
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If I can convince my friend to come to cce maybe I'll see if he'd be down to be someone lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I also found this for Denki but i think the other bottoms are much better XD
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07PP2B8GF/?coliid=I158H5M7D0OH3E&colid=3LEU8NVFUHTAR&psc=0&ref_=lv_ov_lig_dp_it
Georgia (Something Sensible): The others are just so Denki lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I agree XD
Anna (blonde and sad): ~~will erik be brochacco~~
Anna (blonde and sad): see idk if i should do mic cause like im afraid of that wig. in a water park
Anna (blonde and sad): i think ill do shinsou just cause i dont wanna fuck up my cone of shame wig
Anna (blonde and sad): *but i want both AAAAAAA*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do hair down mic..? 😮
Anna (blonde and sad): .......hmmmmmmmm yes is possible.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): someone needs to do manmo and glue cut in half objects to their bare chest
Anna (blonde and sad): oh my god Leanna for ur GB bakugo can you PLEASE take a pair of water wings and make them into gauntlets
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea i was planning on it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao!!
Anna (blonde and sad): hell yea
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im also doing like a sporty scuba material bikini and like boy short bottoms
Anna (blonde and sad): excellent
Anna (blonde and sad): i think i need to get like. pleather bathing suit for mic and make a "waterproof" speaker for him
Anna (blonde and sad): *tacky hawaiian shirt time?*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yesss
Anna (blonde and sad): Rebecca if u do denki. can we both wear horrible hawaiian shirts
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmaooo yes
Anna (blonde and sad): *excellent*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg anna
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you know those 90s shower radios
Anna (blonde and sad): o m g
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Anna (blonde and sad): all i can remember is the hello kitty onee
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Anna (blonde and sad): also so like. JirBro
Anna (blonde and sad): https://www.amazon.com/Joyin-Toy-Inflatable-Rock-Star/dp/B01M0XV1UL/ref=pd_lpo_vtph_21_bs_t_1?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=18QDFPHRJ00HAKR93G6R
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): all i remember is that like see through blue plastic
Anna (blonde and sad): whomst can we have be jirou they make inflatable guitar
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that like sticks to the wall via suction cup
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): just have like a giant one of those
Anna (blonde and sad): i gotta make this be incredibly tacky
Anna (blonde and sad): i feel we need to have something dumb for bakugos hair things
Anna (blonde and sad): attach them to sunglasses
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YES
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Anna (blonde and sad): ok but do i invest. in Arizona Iced Tea bathing suit bottoms for mic
Anna (blonde and sad): bc i gotta dress like a huge lesbian
Anna (blonde and sad): https://www.drinkarizona.com/product/aztec-board-shorts
Anna (blonde and sad): DO I DO IT
Anna (blonde and sad): I feel like Rebecca and i need to out-tacky each other if she goes denki and me mic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): whats the connection between arizona iced tea and mic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): am confuse
Anna (blonde and sad): horrible fashion taste
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh so it just trashy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Anna (blonde and sad): nothing entirely arizona based. just. for some reason present mic cosplayers are all just like yes he would wear this
Anna (blonde and sad): like i have consulted 4 different present mic cosplayers and we have all come to the same conclusion. 
maybe its the vaporwave aesthetic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i could see it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i thought maybe i missed something that happened in the show
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but nah it just trashy fashion taste
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): which is accurate
Anna (blonde and sad): Yea like someone mentioned it to me and im still confused about why tacky arizona merch and why pink sweatpants keep popping up. apparently the pink pants like. happened in canon with someone but i have no evidence and i am still. so lost
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg I should split a Hawaiian shirt so I have red and blue
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omfgh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): DO IT
Jess (whoozica): Yes please
Anna (blonde and sad): yes PLEASE
Anna (blonde and sad): everyone joining in this GB bnha group pls consider equipping a hawaiian shirt
Anna (blonde and sad): i will find a black on black hawaiian shirt for our aizawa
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg yes please Georgia xD
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Matt (mattmyers25): <@169297844874903552>
Matt (mattmyers25): <@245270932602486784>
Georgia (Something Sensible): hmmmm
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dont know how to feel
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The todo one isn’t nice.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The effect on the arms is very MS paint.
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah i feel like they couldve made the elements look better
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’d have skipped them on the arms. If anything make the bottoms of the sleeves the kind you can put a thumb through? So they’re like gloves? (I think those are for runners or something). Then make the hands effects and not the arms.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The Deku one doesn't look too bad
Mark (Mad Doctor): Agree
