Anna (Cadmium): Um. Wood filler?
Anna (Cadmium): Caulk is kinda not meant to be sanded
Jess (whoozica): This might sound weird but spackle? Maybe?
Anna (Cadmium): O ya that might. Although that might crack
Jess (whoozica): True
Georgia (Something Sensible): Does anyone know what glue works for plastic piping
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Sand it first
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m tryna glue the see through bendy boi to the fake gas canister
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): O rly does that give glue a better purchase?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Ya
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Dont need to do a lot, just enough to roughen the surface a little
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Superglue, e6000, gorilla superglue
Georgia (Something Sensible): Gorilla glue and E6000 already failed
Georgia (Something Sensible): As did hot glue
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m gonna sand it and take a crack with some contact cement
Georgia (Something Sensible): Any recommendations from the contact cement crew? 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~that sounds like a band name~~
Jess (whoozica): Make sure both sides are dry before do da stick
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Ya
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Where's the bendy boi going?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Also after ya sand it make sure to blow off the dust so its clean
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): The bendy boi has to connect to a fake joint with another bendy boi
Georgia (Something Sensible): The biggest problem is getting the main one to connect to the fake gas canister tho
Jess (whoozica): Can you score a circle in the gas canister and kinda instert the tube onto it?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's what I was thinking
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeee there’s a nubbin to attach it too
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s just that every glue seems to fail
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m gonna let the contact cement dry and then try that
Georgia (Something Sensible): I feel like the googly eyes are watching me cause they’re all over this sword lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ... have you tried PVC glue
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Fuck me up
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m gonna have to see Alfredo on Thursday
Georgia (Something Sensible): Well let’s see how this contact cement experiment goes
Georgia (Something Sensible): So after 15-20 minutes, I just connect them?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Do I need more glue?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Pretty much. You can add multiple coats which might benefit you
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Basically I need a crack filler to use on foam that I can sand smooth because the stuff I’ve been using is shit
Georgia (Something Sensible): Spackle is too rigid then, caulk is definitely the way to go ye
Georgia (Something Sensible): Assuming it doesn’t eat through foam straight up
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Wood filler was thrown out as a suggestion at one point. Don't use it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Idk if this is dumb but... have you tried foam clay or model magic
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Tried that for Gambol Shroud and it did not work
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Maybe not that probably wouldnt stick
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And trying to sand it made a mess on my foam
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Foam clay may work but I feel like it would be a waste of product. Also I need it ASAP
Georgia (Something Sensible): Gesso?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ve used that as a primer before to fill cracks
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s at micheals
Georgia (Something Sensible): I feel like with enough plastidip and a dremmel anything’s possible
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Can you just add like, a chunk of scrap foam to fill the crack and then sand that down?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Or is it like tiny crack?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Or more importantly, is it bad enough that it fails the 5 foot rule?
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): This may work?
Georgia (Something Sensible): I guess apparently cause it’s advertised as specifically gap filler lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ooooh yeah that actually might
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ok contact cement feels tacky, that means it’s ready?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Go for it
Georgia (Something Sensible): So how long til they stick
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Oof be careful with insulation foam
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Instantly
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: It expands a lot and it is super messssy
Georgia (Something Sensible): No dice oof
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Also contact cement needs time to cure usually
Rebecca (madameterralupus): How long for it to cure? (Taking mental notes when I do my scythe tomorrow lol)
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 24 hour cure time usually, but it should stick together instantly
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah no stick
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So like if I glue my pieces together tomorrow am I okay to sand them the same day or should I wait?
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Did you apply the contact cenmebt to both sides your sticking together?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeeee
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I would wait at least a couple hours  rebecca
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): What kind of contact cement are you using
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: yeah it should stick but for it to be like 
wearable or hold up to stress test or anything you might needa let it sit together for a little at least before moving it around a lot
Georgia (Something Sensible): Weldwood
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Weld wood is a shitty brand
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’d try barge
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I use that on literally everything
Jess (whoozica): *looks at can if weldwood that I just ordered* whoops
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Tbh I dont think contact cement works well with plastic piping
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: plastic as in pvc right
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes pvc plastic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If you're going to buy another glue I would say to go directly with Pvc
Jess (whoozica): Yea I'd say try what Leanna recommend
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Barge works VERY well on pvc. I used it on my yoko gun last hear
Jess (whoozica): Or like some type of plumbing adhesive? Which might be the same thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m gonna try one more thing with Worbla, because for some reason Worbla has been really good at sticking to the piping?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also I honestly have no clue if it’s PVC, I just assume it is lol
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: cause it melts it
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: is it the clear piping?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yee
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ve used pvc glue before, it’s dries VERY quickly. You’ve got like 30sec tops to work with it. Also it doesn’t dry clear, it’s usually blue or purple
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: that doesn't look like pvc
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: that looks like silicone
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: its like this stuff right?
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: https://www.homedepot.com/p/Rheem-6-ft-Plastic-Silicone-Condensate-Drain-Tube-for-Rheem-Mid-Efficiency-Indoor-Tankless-Gas-Water-Heaters-RTG20150A/202798883?cm_mmc=Shopping%7CG%7CVF%7CD26P%7C26-10_WATER_HEATERS%7CRheem%7CPLA%7c71700000033150354%7c58700003868932471%7c92700031086650195&gclid=Cj0KCQiAsdHhBRCwARIsAAhRhsnMqEJpi-X7_PJCqHHaltILF_8R6RLH017YphW7BtvCnzqmwKvyrTAaAqWeEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh it’s VINYL says the label
Georgia (Something Sensible): Weird
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: yeah thats gonna be a whole different ball game gluing than normal pvc
Georgia (Something Sensible): Alright I’m gonna try something with Worbla and contact cement now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The vinyl tubing is pvc
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Heads up, contact cement doesn’t work on worbla. Super glue or hot glue works best when gluing things with worbla
Georgia (Something Sensible): The tricky part is that Worbla likes some materials and vinyl likes others
Georgia (Something Sensible): I made what it basically a Worbla hole and I’m just gonna see if wedging in the tube works better
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): cause the rigid thermoplastic should hold the vinyl, and the pressure between the two theoretically hardens the contact cement?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Zonbisworkshop did this prop but they used foam dowels instead of piping
Georgia (Something Sensible): Which for the life of me I have never seen before 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh yeah TNT cosplay supply has foam dowels
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: you can buy them online
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: they're wonderful
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: regular PVC dowels would work really well to cause you can heat form them
Georgia (Something Sensible): Duly noted so I don’t have to Suffer™️ next time lol
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: and its super sturdy
Jess (whoozica): https://tntcosplaysupply.com/product/eva-foam-dowels/
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s whack but also a genius invention
Jess (whoozica): They also have them in squares and triangles!
Georgia (Something Sensible): How were people cosplayers before convenient  things
Jess (whoozica): Who what's this 😮
https://tntcosplaysupply.com/product/cosclay/
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like foam but clay
Georgia (Something Sensible): I remember when they did the contest to name that
Jess (whoozica): Whoaaaa
Georgia (Something Sensible): C4 was always in the lead lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): Hell yeah the worbla hole worked
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeet
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m gonna add more layers just in case, bit by bit
Georgia (Something Sensible): I feel like I’m painting boogers on my prop frankly and that is the weirdest part
Anna (Cadmium): My tub of c4 looks like marshmallow fluff.
Anna (Cadmium): Also I must come in to defend my good friend weldwood cement. U just gotta put it on thin and let it get tacky for like two mins and then it sticks together
Anna (Cadmium): Careful with heating pvc apparently it releases a gas when u heat it
Anna (Cadmium): Also highly recommend the dowels. I just used some for Grimm Yang's necklace thing  they are quite nice. Except u get like 12 at the second smallest
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!245270932602486784> After some thought and looking at costs of materials.. Let's do the thing! I'm down to be Persephone with ya~
Georgia (Something Sensible): YAS
Anna (Cadmium): I need a thimble. I have been suturing elastic together. For an hour
Georgia (Something Sensible): that’s the crunch mood
Georgia (Something Sensible): I always think “what do I have left to work on” and the answer is things I’m waiting to ship, waiting to dry, or make more caps
Anna (Cadmium): It's like the most questionable looking thing rn cause it's a vague arm shape
Anna (Cadmium): More caps u say
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Honestly I can't wait for sunday cause I think working on stuff around others will motivate me. I've been so lazy and unmotivated to do things...
Georgia (Something Sensible): 10 pushups when you get too distracted from working
Georgia (Something Sensible): KatsuCRUNCH
Anna (Cadmium): Drill seargent Georgia
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like last year I was itching to work on things but I was incapable to do so cause recovery... this year I can do anything and I'm just like... nahhh
And lmfao end me now XD I can't do push ups for the life of me
Anna (Cadmium): Nah do em on ur knees
Anna (Cadmium): Still exercise but you're doing something your body can actually tolerate
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Still can't do them correctly according to everyone I had gym class with XD
Anna (Cadmium): Shhhhhh it's a different world now
Anna (Cadmium): Although I'm pretty sure I still have the same water bottle I did in high school
Jess (whoozica): Honestly last 2 days have been frustrating cuz by the time I've completed all my other responsibilities there's no time to work on anything 😭 like today I came home and cleaned till 9:00, ate, worked out, showered and now I'm exhausted and need to get to bed so I won't be exhausted tomorrow morning
Anna (Cadmium): Sleeping now means you have energy for other days tho
Anna (Cadmium): And arent burning yourself out
Jess (whoozica): Yea but then it's all spent on work 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww. I feel that. I've been off this week and wanted to get stuff done the past 3 days but oof I keep messing up my sleep schedule and sleeping in till noon T_T Telling my dad to force my up early tomorrow no matter what...
Anna (Cadmium): I've only been able to crunch literally every day bc I'm eating minimally and ligefallg haven't gone to the gym in a week
Anna (Cadmium): Hey it's ok to sleep sometimes
Anna (Cadmium): U are a person
Anna (Cadmium): We sometimes need to recharge
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I seem to recharge too much XD
Anna (Cadmium): Same
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof I agreed to go to the city tomorrow
Georgia (Something Sensible): Now I just wanna work for money or work on cosplay
Jess (whoozica): 😮
Anna (Cadmium): It's gonna be cold tomorrow
Anna (Cadmium): Go make monies
Georgia (Something Sensible): But I’m going with two of my best friendos 😭
Georgia (Something Sensible): We’re gonna go to comic book shops and get cheap manga and ramen
Georgia (Something Sensible): I haven’t had ramen in months because boyf can’t eat it
Anna (Cadmium): U should go then. But dress warm
Anna (Cadmium): O no is your boy gluten intolerant
Georgia (Something Sensible): Nah he’s allergic to MSG
Anna (Cadmium): Oh RIP
Georgia (Something Sensible): You’d be surprised how many places use it
Georgia (Something Sensible): CHILIS FOR INSTANCE
Anna (Cadmium): oh all of them basically
Anna (Cadmium): My dad is like that too
Anna (Cadmium): Pounding migranes from it
Anna (Cadmium): U should. Make him homemade ramen then
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh Noah throws up for like hours
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s Bad™️
Anna (Cadmium): :(
Georgia (Something Sensible): I should........ if only............. I could cook
Anna (Cadmium): ....... Do I have to teach u how to make weeb ramen
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s called cup noodle and it’s much more straightforward
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof I’m spent I don’t have the energy to work on cosplay, I wanna game 😭
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i had to learn to cook cause college~~
Anna (Cadmium): Ok but. I make rlly good homemade ramen
Anna (Cadmium): Like I get the Naruto and black sesame and everything
Anna (Cadmium): Soft boiled egg
Anna (Cadmium): And seaweed strips on top
Anna (Cadmium): If i can make another schleepover I'll go raid the aisan Mart and bring over ramen stuffs
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://giphy.com/gifs/qYHlTos5CDu0
She get the Naruto 😛 (I know that's what they are called, and he named after just always makes me giggle)
Anna (Cadmium): Lmao I call it by it's name bc I know it makes ppl think of the Naruto run
Anna (Cadmium): But I will make ramen for everyone :D if I get enough time to go get the noodles for it
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): Iteration 1 not so good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yo that looks dope 😮
Matt (mattmyers25): Agreed
Anna (Cadmium): Maybe I should just give up with actually weaving the sleeve and just stencil on a sleeve
Anna (Cadmium): Thank
Anna (Cadmium): The armor is doing fine. The woen bit..... Not so much
Anna (Cadmium): This is my second ever armor build so I'm scared
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You got this!! 💪
Anna (Cadmium): Thank u for support bc. I am sad I sutured all that elastic and the idea didn't work
Anna (Cadmium): But I have another black t shirt sleeve I think I'mma cut up and just. Stencil on the weave
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah I'm gonna seam rip this shirt and use it as a pattern and then a la kirishima sleeve it
Marisa (Mawisa): Wow froppy’s hero suit is actually pretty inexpensive
If y’all ever need a Froppy after katsucon I can order the suit ~~I’m too jam packed for Katsu already or I’d message sakurasan about that group~~
Marisa (Mawisa): I’m bringing pajama tsuyu though ^u^
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Your natural hair kinda makes you a prime candidate for froppy 👌 I see it
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oh and ofc your obvious frog like tendicies
Anna (Cadmium): i love froppy but cant commit to those heels
Jess (whoozica): thats why imma cosplay my gurl mina and her super fashionable rain boots
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So should i glue my entire blade together or each separate piece? Cause it's broken down into 3 parts that then puzzle piece together. Like what would be the easiest route to go about so when I sand it? 🤔
Rebecca (madameterralupus): For reference this is what it look like lol
Jess (whoozica): mmm im not quite sure i understand what youre asking
Erik (Red Riot Thot): same...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like okay I need to sand it again at some point after I glue it together. My dad thinks it'd be easier to sand it with it broken down into the 3 separate parts. I think I should glue the whole thing together to look like that in the photo and then sand it. Idk what would be the better move. Hopefully that clear things up more?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like this whole thing currently breaks down into 3 bits
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Jess (whoozica): OOO ok i thought it was alread glues
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nah I haven't glued it together at all yet. Idk if I should just glue the entire thing together fully and then sand ooorr do as my dad says and glue the 3 spectate pieces, sand, glue the seams, then sand again 🤔
Jess (whoozica): id glue the whole thing and then sand but wait for a second opinion on that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's what I was planning and gonna sand with my Drexel I got but dad keeps contradicting me in everything with this -.-
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I would also say glue then sand so your seams will be even
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So agree with Jess of glue the whole thing basically?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Also, clever use of the puzzle pieces
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👏🏻 thank you! Okay so I was thinking right the whole time lol. Good 😂
Jess (whoozica): yea cuz if you sand them sperately you're gonna get weird inconsistencies
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's what I was thinking. But dad was disagreeing. I love him and his help but sometimes he steps in too much. Like let me trial and error at times and do my own projects?? 😩 *sigh*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He ain't home now though so 😏 stepping my foot back into MY project. I taking it back over lol
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Glue it together, let it cure them dremel otherwise your seems will be uneven. I tried to dremel before gluing my neptune gun (it needed to be in pieces so I could glue the battery pack on the inside) and all my outside seems are uneven. It’s one of the things that really upsets me about that gun
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Have to buy more chain for the other arm but my punk meg vest is done!!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So far got the seams glued on both sides! I had to stop there though cause got shaky cause realized I haven't eaten yet today 😅
And ohhh that looks dope
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): GIRL YOU NEED FOOD
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): also thank yous 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I has food now. Both seams are glued, that's enough work for me today XD
Anna (Cadmium): yea you want it to cure for a bit anyways
