Anna (Blonde Banshee): I have. Raided my mother's patterns
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I have. Acquire patterns for Weiss, weiss's Ballgown, Ironwood... And. I caved and bought Yaya Hans bodysuit pattern for vault suit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Make sure you lengthen the torso of yaya pattern
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Otherwise you gonna have the worlds worst case of wedgie in existence. Yaya apparently has a very short torso
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah you might have to heavily edit her body suit pattern. I've heard her patterns are nightmares according to other friends
Georgia (Something Sensible): I don’t usually get a wedgie and I used that pattern
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was very generous with seam allowance tho lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think the yaya bodysuit is pretty good tbh I used it for Ladybug and as a base for my vault suit
Georgia (Something Sensible): Her corset isn’t bad either, I used that for Pyrrha
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ve heard questionable things about yaya as a person but as a businesswoman she’s pretty solid
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I had to heavily modify it for my nier bodysuit, the length was way too short for my torso xD so just take into consideration your measurements
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It may work unedited for some people, definitely not me tho
Marisa (Mawisa): Yaya was asked to leave an amusement park once because she was showing too much skin owo
Anna (Blonde Banshee): LMFAO what 
And idk my torso is actually not that long
Anna (Blonde Banshee): My upper leg is. Long
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Do you have sakimi proportions
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Whomst
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg Leanna XD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Also like. 
Bless my mother she sewed my ironwood body suit
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I just gotta zigzag the leghole
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Its so lopsided cause it's one side tan mesh in like. Swimsuit shape. The other side is heavier spandex with a leg and arm
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I need a glove
Anna (Blonde Banshee): But yeah idk I. Feel I can easily mod the suit but also like. I wanted. To add piping cause I'm extra af and I'mma DIE
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I need a piping foot
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I have one if you wanna borrow it o3o
Anna (Blonde Banshee): U got a UHHHHHHHHHH Tailor? Machine?
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I was honestly just gonna use a zipper foot and suffer
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Me: goes to Leannas house for Tim Hortons, bees, and to borrow sewing machine for like 15 feet of piping
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Do it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Also my dog is kind of cool
Anna (Blonde Banshee): d OG? :D
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Hes an asshole but like in the best way
Anna (Blonde Banshee): So like a cat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes basically
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Wonderful
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I like this dog
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Also
Anna (Blonde Banshee): 
Anna (Blonde Banshee): BEEHAW
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yass
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BEEHAWWW
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I got one too when I finish getting Yang stuff together lol
