Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m so motivated to work on cosplay but not things I should actually be working on
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What a mood
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Isn't that normal.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Welp... xD
Marisa (Mawisa): you gotta do half and half
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omggg 😱
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nuuu
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Weird todoroki cosplay
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So like 
For one of them you need a hell of a wig. 
The other. You need a hell of an expensive wig
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also bless that cosplayer I've seen them around several times and that cosplay always makes me laugh cause it's so interesting
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma probs start with Entrapta...?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You will be so fucking cute as entrapta
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Maybe I'll do a swim version of her for CCE?~~
And ahh thank you T_T I love her so much. She's such a goofball.
Georgia (Something Sensible): I didn’t feel like workin on Starfire so I just... took an hour and constructed a whole new Pyrrha sword
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): My old one has been bent and battered to hell and back because of traveling and less effective construction
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m ready for the new boi 🙌
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also I’m conflicted on what to do with my old sword so if anyone has any ideas or input, I have an Instagram story about it and would welcome any feedback cries
Matt (mattmyers25): Stab cinder with it?
Matt (mattmyers25): You could use it to test different paints or weather techniques on it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ye it would be a good thing to test techniques on. 
Otherwise I'd say sell it or give it away or something or. 
Ugh I was gonna say cover it in black at the blade like engine oil and use it to quarter Penny's but that's not how she died was it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Omg you could also try to give it a black Halo effect and have a "using polarity" version of your sword
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also what a mood 
"I didn't wanna work on cosplay thing I need to finish so I made an entire other prop"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Oh. Or. Keep the old sword for cons you have to do mad travel with
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So if it gets beat to shit in bag check or whatnot you don't get too sad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh that's a neat idea Anna with the polarity effect 😯
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm thinking like. Black plastic edging on the whole thing. Or like. Pipecleaners for a fuzzy aura effect
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ALSO I FIGURED OUT HOW TO MAKE SALEMS ORB THING AND HAVE IT GLOE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): This is what I did instead of wig maintenance
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so like. 
If i made a collapsable verison. of the stupid jail like that meme. im bringing it places
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im making the jail and we're putting someone inside it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes good xD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i just need someone i know to order a large appliance
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~jk but like we putting ruby in gay baby jail~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wonder if I could get a big box from work 🤔
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i will love u forever
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like the ones they ship stuffing in
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'll see what I can find lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u litty
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we need to put characters. in jail
Georgia (Something Sensible): So many people are saying Viking funeral omg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): VIKING FUNERAL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): SCATTER THE ASHES
Mark (Mad Doctor): Should be a Greek funeral pyre, though. Fire lit by a Cinder cosplayer, natch
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Do we. know a cinder
Anna (loud and likely blonde): do we HAVE a cinder?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ginny
Anna (loud and likely blonde): summon ginny we need some content
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i got the matches and i have a bow if no one else does
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LmaO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wait shit will. will the old sword actually BURN?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~can you make jaune armor with it's remains?~~
Marisa (Mawisa): melts into a pile of worbla that cosplayers will compete to fish out of the sea
Georgia (Something Sensible): Idk does worbla and spray paint BURN?
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah at a high enough temperature
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh I bet
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and we gonna want to stand upwind
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Worbla will melt and spray paint will burn but plz don't inhale the fumes
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m tempted to do a sad photoshoot with the broken sword and Cinder and then funeral pyre it up
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg we could video it and have everyone there with their RWBY wigs on
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like an actual funeral
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That would be fun!
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ruby is somewhere crying
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): "Like an actual funeral"

"That would be fun"
Marisa (Mawisa): quick advertisement for the magic of cosplay exhibit. if you have anything cosplay related that you're proud of, you don't wear anymore and want to get rid of, but you don't want to throw out, you can donate it to the Magic of Cosplay exhibit. it'll be at zenkaikon and it's usually at every east coast con (animenext, otakon, etc.)
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye my sword so broke tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): The tip snapped off on the flight to RTX
Marisa (Mawisa): they repair stuff
Georgia (Something Sensible): And then it bent more at Katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): Idk fam 🤔 this birch pretty broke
Georgia (Something Sensible): The bigger issue is that the breaks look bad, but they make it MUCH less durable
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I’m used to yeeting my props around
Georgia (Something Sensible): Pyrrha sword 2.0 is one whole piece of worbla so I can chuck that bitch ANY way I want lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!301927856240459777> wtf how do i not know of this?????? i have things i dont wanna throw out but also like. cant sell
Marisa (Mawisa): donate!!!
you can also 'lend' things to them where they'll keep it and if you ever want it back they'll return it. there's currently only a few outfits on display (a dress from the hunger games, a transforming fullmetal alchemist ballgown, some chainlink armor maybe?, and the rest are all dizzy's costumes), i think like 1 or 2 wigs, and barely any props
Anna (loud and likely blonde): listen. 
I. 
HELLO.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): damn imma give them my original ember celica then when i remake mine
Anna (loud and likely blonde): do they have instagram
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I've been debating on donating some of my old props and stuff I don't use anymore to them.
Marisa (Mawisa): you can view it at zenkaikon it's always in the fancy study room with a fireplace and big chairs on the bottom of the little building that has the manga library, but hardly anyone ever goes. same area as contest judging.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee I've been in it a couple times. It's really neato
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i am no going to zenkai ;-;
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ill have to catch them at another con
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think they were at Anext too?
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah!
Marisa (Mawisa): and tekko, and i think derpycon? whatever cons lizzy goes to which is most cons
Marisa (Mawisa): https://www.facebook.com/themagicofcosplayexhibit/?fref=mentions&__xts__[0]=68.ARA56A27KKCHx7koK7kPTwtJTa3y690T4QxHbo7bmkZb4NJ7rC-Naj-i8fBE8XtKsmh3fcnuONxJcMvhrfRnYS7r5XT31ZegFDe8G0kzTooFJCzdNhprAhVtcdnOqfuOVxEJdMc_CTer6sceJ2T11onYWjJVh7RKxuzhVBmvyFrtQXQ8ICPVGkBmJAhPtNoYL9NMRmfc2tpjAM8nLfVlHN3FPH8V7EVsMs1rc2C791HJWTSCjMVquJ7NKi7YHnpRV1SUm_Evc0Q5UOdT9oUucnJ8iOc8ABw80T1ewiO72NLqdeZojNAM5kTDTViM8E6dRCDPqrBehVf1IEPH4Zp-Thydtajl&__tn__=K-R
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I got babby's first scrap of worbla to play around with. Hopefully I don't mess it up. Any tips for working with it?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if u got sensitive fingers
GLOVES.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): also it goes like. doesnt deform doesnt deform doesnt deform SUDDENLY SUPER SOFT AND STICKY.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): welcom to worbla land :D
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Good to know. I think my fingers are pretty numb from years of hot glue burns and pin pricks 😂
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o and if u accidentally get a bubble u can easily stab the bubble and smooth it out it wont show the cut
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My little has known about this convention for months. and. Its saturday. and shes just planning her cosplay now.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): WHERE DID I GO WRONG IN MY TEACHINGS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): altho like. her fault entirely. 
I offered to lend her literally any of my cosplays if she didnt have time + offered to make her a whole cosplay so like. i tried
Matt (mattmyers25): Tbf, we all have tried to plan last minute cosplays before
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~THIS IS HER ONLY SCHEDULED CONVENTION EVER~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Hey if anyone used like recycled items or found objects for cosplay items can I get a pic of it for my panel
Mark (Mad Doctor): My Grunkle Stan cane is a sawed off flagpole. Does that count?
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): There's a new Epic wig that would work for Scorpia, I'm excite
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay but like talking of She-Ra cosplay... Anyone down to do swim versions at CCE w/ me?? Imma probs do Entrapta and Snow said she'd maybe do She-Ra OwO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Indeed it does count <@386567060026556417> 
That's like. Exactly what I mean by recycling weird shit into other shit
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Recommendation, do not buy this helmet for safety purposes.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I was gonna do like. Maybe formal Adora but no she ra I cannot buy another blonde wig. I will however. Stan u so hard
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But amazon cheap means destructible for me.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Oof that thinnnnn HOLY FUCK U PILOT BOI
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I figured if anyone was down we could have a Adora and a She-Ra, both versions lol. 
And aaayyyy Pilot Boiiii~!
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): <@169297844874903552>  I'll do Scorpia 😗
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yassss 🙌
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Catch me sobbing because it's actually working
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Also <@169297844874903552> I'll do catra
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yesss plzzzz be our Catra~!! 😄
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And OwO is that Ozma progress?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea!!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm almost done doing the appliques
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm like laying on the floor crying because I was so stressed out about this part
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But its working!!!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AHHHHHHHHH
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awww nuuu. It's looking really good so far though!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thank you 😭
