Georgia (Something Sensible): GOT TODOS DUMB BOOTS YEET
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Jess (whoozica): Whoop
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Gogo boots 😛 jk
Georgia (Something Sensible): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Just asking how many characters wear what looks like rubber boots cause that CANNOT be comfortable
Georgia (Something Sensible): They’re not bad tbh
Georgia (Something Sensible): But they look pretty ugly imo
Georgia (Something Sensible): They were like 18 dolla
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m so unmotivated someone tell me to work on cosplay
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Work on cosplay Georgia 👏🏻
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): or else.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Work on cosplay or I won't work on cosplay 
And I'll have the worst hairline ever as mic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Georgia, if I can sit here and tediously. It out these tiny detailed appliques for the bottom of ozmas shirt, then you can work on cosplay too
Georgia (Something Sensible): TRU
Georgia (Something Sensible): I shall work
Georgia (Something Sensible): Time 4 pack
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Excuse me it's illegal to be that cute
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Me: Evie looks so cute with white hair
Me: Evie looks so cute with dark brown hair
Me: ......Evie is just cute it's not the hair Anna
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Srs u look gr9
Marisa (Mawisa): **Yooooooooo** u rin!!
~~hmu if you ever need a school uniform Saber~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’ve changed my mind, I’ve found my true calling for CCE
Georgia (Something Sensible): _bikini Tokoyami_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Im gonna make it in time 😭
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ur still gonna meme under that right
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ok hear me out
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm gonna wear my God wont let me die shorts and my fishnets underneath the pants
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And then
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Halfway through the rwby shoot
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm gonna just transform
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Lmao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yes good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thotsma
Anna (loud and likely blonde): GOOOOOOOOD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yesss that looks so good Leanna!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lmaoooo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ok but I'm gonna have to like swipe his butt Cape to the side
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Itll be great
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can't wait for this now xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sameee
Georgia (Something Sensible): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> I fucked up my Starfire neckpiece
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m going to JoAnns and trying again tomorrow
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh noes! What happened?
Georgia (Something Sensible): At least my pattern is right but my construction wasn’t
Georgia (Something Sensible): It won’t lay flat cause I used thin foam to give it more rigidity
Georgia (Something Sensible): I should’ve used like... fleece probably
Georgia (Something Sensible): So it’s got some weight but it doesn’t flip up all weird
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Holy shit <@334090409389195266> that looks great! I love the textured fabric
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So who all is going to CCE cause that might be next con. Might not be going to Ota anymore. Or at least I'll weekend it
Mark (Mad Doctor): Y'all are doing amazing things for Zenkai. Makes me feel like a slug for not creating anything new for this con (except the God O'Light, and he's more meme than man)
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I mean I impuse bought Rin
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And I bought Toga off Cosplay Bhiner

And Winter is my staple, and Akane I've had since 2014
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You're fine ^__^
Mark (Mad Doctor): I don't feel too bad about I. My plan is to relax and chill. Is <@276514872286773258> planning on bringing his ghilly suit?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I think so! Silly Ghillies starts at 10 Saturday night
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm probably going to be wandering around as Rin
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh thank you <@386874959009415170>! All the fabrics I chose for ozma are textured in some way to make just the tunic and pants look more interesting than it actually is (since I'm not doing the armor *yet*)
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Did someone say armor
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ye that's the next step after I take a break to actually make arryns robe... which I've been avoiding doing because of perfectionism lmao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): MOOD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I mean if u start early then. You have room to fix error. 
So after zenkai no more put off
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~~i gotta do my eyebrows and finish mic's hair but otherwise I think I'm good for this weekend?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Does anyone have advice for sewing stretch mesh
Marisa (Mawisa): suffer
Marisa (Mawisa): pin/baste it to a stabilizer and pray the zigzags stick
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I didnt have a whole lot of trouble sewing it go my swimsuits
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But tears helped
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ok I gotta sew like. A full bodysuit of it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ironwood is happening
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Should I use a gloss spray paint for Romans cane or flat?
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Never really used spray paint xD
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'd use gloss. Seems like how he'd roll
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Bless 🙏
Anna (loud and likely blonde): careful with the paint. do thin layers so it doesnt get drippy
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Lol woooow. I'm kinda floor how presumptuous people are. I mentioned the She-ra group in my Insta story and someone replied tell me to save room for their Animal Crossing meetup.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ....wh ...what
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Seriously?
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Like bish did I say I was bringing Isabelle? Like I love that cosplay, but I never said anywhere I'd bring it
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😬
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Like way to assume. Not even a "Hey would you like to be part of this?"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea how about asking politely if you are interested
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yikes. 
~~is that like a backhanded compliment? Like they like your cosplay enough but instead of being nice and asking they just assume?~~
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I mean maybe they just really like that cosplay. But I basically took it as, "Yeah She-ra, whatever. Make sure you bring this cosplay I want to see you in."
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Like there are way nicer ways to ask someone if they want to join a group with sounding like you're demeaning it.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yikes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like no?? You cosplay whatever you want
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Right? Like my CCE from what I've got planned already is gonna be packed, I ain't taking demands 😂
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~signs we all need to chill; have CCE plans set 6 months in advance~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but also like?????? what if you dont wanna bring ur wig into the water park???
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like that humidity i would be concerned with
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im afraid for my present mic cone of shame but your wig was so carefully constructed for the lil top bits
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GUYS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GUYS IM FUCKING SCREAMING
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): A MANS 😍
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): You look so great!!!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AHHHHHH THANK YOU SO MUCH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM SO HYPE RIGHT NOW
Georgia (Something Sensible): A BEAUTIFUL MANS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): FUCKING WHOA
Georgia (Something Sensible): My beautiful dead boi
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM LITERALLY PACING BACK AND FORTH IN THIS JUST MAKING INHUMAN NOISES
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Victory raptor screeching.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It looks so fucking good!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Can't wait to kill you and bring you back to life over and over and over again. Looks amazing!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM SO EXCITED TO DIE OVER AND OVER
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Also. This:
Anna (loud and likely blonde): IM CRYING
Anna (loud and likely blonde): you know what ozma needs
Anna (loud and likely blonde): tear away pants
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IF I HAD TIME TO MAKE THEM
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But I'm so ready for thotsma
Anna (loud and likely blonde): FUTURE USE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *can we amazon prime tear away pants
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I think he needs them
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Also I need to find higher heels. I havent cosplayed characters that need them in so long
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I need some like stripper heels
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Who's a size 8?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): me but i no have stripper heels
Anna (loud and likely blonde): PAYLESS IS GOING OUT OF BUSINESS THEY MIGHT HAVE SOME
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FRICKOK I MIGHT NEED TO TAKE A TRIP TONIGHT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I just need something ridiculous
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if not i suggest Rainbow or Mandeees
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Oh theyost likely got em
Anna (loud and likely blonde): can we just. 
All of our characters be thot from the waist down one day
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Any rave ever
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Just fishnets and ridiculous heels
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm in
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YAAAASS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *erik pls dont hit your head on the doorframes when we do this*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If he does well just have to reenact the bro renaissance paintings
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And itll be great either way
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Leanna that looks amazing!!! I'm so excited to see it in person~!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thank you!!!!!!!!!❤ ❤ ❤
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm so excited to go to the rwby shoot
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~do u have sunglasses for the thotsma~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I have ... yang aviators
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But I feel like I need to amazon some light up glasses
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): What night is the rave? I might need to get in on the rwby fishnet boots crew.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Saturday! (And Friday, but we all doing Saturday I think)
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Kewl. I'll think of something spicy for Kali, lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YESSSSS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~do I do fishnets and light up shoes?~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀 ~~yes~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~although I was gonna do leggings~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Someone at Ryan he got heels.
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@143910209738244096> boi where you get your bootyful heels
Emerling: naninani
Georgia (Something Sensible): Where can we acquire stripper heels
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s for science I swear
