Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~someone stop meeeeeeee im changing cce plans~~
Anna (Blonde Banshee): do u think i'd be recognized if i did Tut from tutenstein?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what is that
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *how do you not know what tutenstein is* It was like. this discovery channel cartoon show and the aventures of Tut who basically got brought back to life kinda zombie kinda frankenstein style, and Cleo (a museum frequenter/obsessed with egyptian history) & her cat. Like the adventures of a long dead egyptian king who thought he was god, in the museum of natural history in NYC
Anna (Blonde Banshee): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh wait no i remember now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i had a crush on tut
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~didnt we all~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mood
Anna (Blonde Banshee): but like. i feel. i could make this a swimsuit costume easily
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): just wrap yourself in bandages and call it a day
Anna (Blonde Banshee): and just don't do facepaint and only do the bandages on my torso by like. fabric on a one piece suit
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i gotta do the whole thing one day cause my mama Nicole wants to do Cleo
Anna (Blonde Banshee): but like. Leanna... what was it like in the kalahari with a headpiece on
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): humid
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): had to take it off every few mins
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cause breathing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BUT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i also had brochitis and didnt know at the time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i can't really say much
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you REALLY have to waterproof it though
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because if yo dont, foam will fall apart
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and paper mache will get soggy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and glues will release
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): just from standing in the main waterpark areas
Anna (Blonde Banshee): o yes i heard u were dying and were like nah imma go its fine.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea i was like so sick but i worked SO hard to get that done to surprise casey
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FUCK IT
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i. think ill make it out of canvas and house paint
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i just didnt put makeup on lmao
Anna (Blonde Banshee): like. the head thing looks like i could make it entirely out of cloth and like one piece of foam IM NOT DOING WORBLA AGAIN IT WAS SO PAINFUL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): make sure you seal that shit
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ok but like. u can't tell that u were supposed to be wearing makeup so all was good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): no matter what you use
Anna (Blonde Banshee): plastidiiiiip
Anna (Blonde Banshee): well. actually i might use house sealant
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i recommend car enamel
Anna (Blonde Banshee): cause exterior paint is latex based and i can get ones that are like. waterproof and mold resistant so maybe. 


i feel i need to do a panel on 'how to seal/paint that item"
Anna (Blonde Banshee): wont car enamel crack?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if you drop it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like real hard
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but nah
Anna (Blonde Banshee): you underestimate how clumsy i am while sober
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you right
Anna (Blonde Banshee): drunk me has CONSIDERABLY better coordination
Anna (Blonde Banshee): cause i cant feel the carpal tunnel
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean i used it on all of the armor pieces for predator
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and they all are slightly bendy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and they are fine
Anna (Blonde Banshee): o wow i see
Anna (Blonde Banshee): yea i just dont want the things i gotta bend to put on cracking off
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye i feel you
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the leggy bois i made were ok, but if you gonna bend them a lot def use a latex based sealant
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i gotta make just the neck and the band around the headpiece so like. maybe worbla
Anna (Blonde Banshee): maybe cloth over foam
Anna (Blonde Banshee): wow wait im super dumb
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ill just do the spandex over foam method
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEEEEEEE
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *i can use that gold spandex i mysteriously acquired*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yessssssssssssssssssssssss
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): make use of that shit
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I gotta do something simple anyways...Meaghan is gonna be Maya from BL2 so we're gonna get arms socks and tights so we can permanently cel shade her limbs
Anna (Blonde Banshee): https://www.epiccosplay.com/aion-natural-blonde-short-wavy-wig.html Sypha is that you?
