Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Tips for painting craft foam that needs to be slightly bendy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like very slight
Marisa (Mawisa): Fabric paint? 🤔
Anna (Cadmium): High quality latex paint on top of flexbond
Anna (Cadmium): And then another layer of flexbond
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Is flexbond sold at Michaels?
Anna (Cadmium): No
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Help
Anna (Cadmium): Plastidip then
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Alright I have that I think
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~God I hate foam~~
Anna (Cadmium): I love foam I fucking hate paint on fabric
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Trade
Erik (Red Riot Thot): How thick is the craft foam?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 6mm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's for my catra mask
Anna (Cadmium): Bruh what why didn't you tell me I could have just whipped you up one
Anna (Cadmium): Also. 6mm is way too thick
Anna (Cadmium): You gonna attach it HOW
you want fucking rwby chibi?: oof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's not as thick as it sounds. I made it with the regular really thin craft foam and it was too floppy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah 6mm is pretty thicc. I used 4mm for my Kiri mask
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ...it might be 4
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I just took a guess
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's one size up from the regular
Erik (Red Riot Thot): If it's the 8.5x11 sheets from the craft store it's most likely 6mm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Well either way itll stick with spirit gum
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The really thin kind I tried with the wig and the thicc wig pushed the top part down and was too bendy
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): Uhhhh. How many craft foams u got
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like none
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Just the one I'm using and the shitty thin kind
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'm  a firm foam hater
Anna (Cadmium): Ummmmmmmmmm. Maybe. After u heat shape. Use the thin kind as a layer on top
Anna (Cadmium): Or on the inside
Anna (Cadmium): Will help hold it under tension
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The shape you mean?
Anna (Cadmium): Yes. The headpiece shape it to how u want. Then take the thin foam and put it on the underside so it holds it more to the shape
Anna (Cadmium): Will help if your wig ends up on it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ok yea I'll do that then cause this wig is a beast
Anna (Cadmium): Yea would suggest worbla for shape bc if your wog is as described but u probs no have If you hate foam
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I use worbla more than I use foam tbh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .... I only have worbla scraps
Anna (Cadmium): Rip
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea rip is right LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh well, I'm sure itll be fine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's dark in the ball
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): >.>
Anna (Cadmium): Honestly if youre having trouble lmk I can do something
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I will let you know
Anna (Cadmium): Good luck bending physics
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THANKS ILL NEED IT
Anna (Cadmium): Someone convince me I shouldnt go buy a Weiss wig and dress
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): *do it*
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i could totally add Weiss to katsu for the formal~~
Anna (Cadmium): Like
Anna (Cadmium): Deep blue velvet dress
Anna (Cadmium): WHY ARE YOU LETTING ME SPEND MONEY
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀
Anna (Cadmium): Well. I'll spend it Thursday
Anna (Cadmium): Maybe not rip budgets
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i ordered a wig this is why I'm not allowed to have money~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): potentially dumb question: Do adjustable male dress forms exist? I'm trying to look for one but they all have tiddies
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they do, they are expensive though
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like atrociously priced
Jess (whoozica): ive looked before but i didnt fine any that were decent priced
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 😑
Anna (Cadmium): uhhhhh yes but your best luck is searching used or making yourself a sloper bodice and stuffing it if you cant find one
Anna (Cadmium): like FB marketplace and craigslist n stuff i saw a few on. If you find one on long island i can pick it up for you btw
Georgia (Something Sensible): Saw of the hot toddy
Anna (Cadmium): does anyone have a pattern for a peacoat dress 
or a peacoat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think i do, i'll check when i get home
Anna (Cadmium): bless
~~im now dying to make snowpea~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~it's a great outfit, make it before you die~~
Anna (Cadmium): ~~wait what~~
Anna (Cadmium): AHAHAH MY SCLERA LENSES ARE ON THE WAY
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Yeet
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Where'd you get them from?
Anna (Cadmium): uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh pinky paradise? i was gonna order them from somewhere else but they were the same diameter even tho the pic made them look smaller
Anna (Cadmium): your undead army is slowly assembling
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Heheheheh
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Although idk how the fuck I'm making these wings
Anna (Cadmium): glue, canvas, lots of paint, a counterweight, picture hanging wire?
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I already bought feathers and I found fake leather for the bat wing but oof I'm lost
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I've never made anything this big
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): are you making them open or closed?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or are you trying to make them open?
Anna (Cadmium): ok dont do real feathers
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Yeah
Anna (Cadmium): i would advise using cloth and wire for the feathers
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): A lot of tutorials I've seen talk about using feathers?? Idk???
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.threadsmagazine.com/2011/01/20/make-faux-feathers-from-fabric-and-wire
Anna (Cadmium): do like this and you can make em super big and actually the shape you need
Anna (Cadmium): idk like feathers will look cool but will break super fast
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Hmm true
Anna (Cadmium): http://www.100layercake.com/blog/2011/09/02/diy-fabric-feathers-3-ways/
Anna (Cadmium): you could even make em with paper
Anna (Cadmium): but sandwiching wire between broadcloth even appears to work
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): will that be too heavy though?
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I thought about that
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): But I can't even worry about the feathers yet cause I still have half baked ideas for the frame lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok so back to the frame for a sec
Anna (Cadmium): enough feathers to make the wings look solid will be heavy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): are you making them stay open/closed, or are you trying to make them movie
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): move*
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Well it would be nice for the to fold up so I don't whack people every five seconds lol
