Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oh.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's baad.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): What dye did you use
Georgia (Something Sensible): RIT
Georgia (Something Sensible): Cause that’s all Micheals stocks lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Dye more? Or just the regular?
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Attacked it with some fabric paint
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AYYYY THERE YA GO
Georgia (Something Sensible): Bad news is now my foot may or may not be blue
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Thankfully not blue!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Black though! XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So tried covering Chris's eyebrows and it didn't work well

I gotta grab some orange lip stick and better concealer that matches his skin tone
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): Things are finally sewn together! Yay!
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Omg you look so CUTE!
Jamie (Jamie): Yee thank trying to figure out how to make big rope bow stay on the back and stuff tonight and finish the boots
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): You got this <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): JAMIE IT LOOKS SO GOOD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): HO LY MOLY THAT LOOKS AMAZING
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also if u have picture hanging wire or flower wires u can put it through the middle of the rope and then tie it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And then if. U have starch.
Jamie (Jamie): I mean the rope bow itself how like 5-8 gauge wire in it and is weighty which is the real fight of it not falling off lol
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Awesome!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Weeellppp. No Bee kigu for Katsu... didnt arrive today and now amazon is saying no clue when it'll show up >.<
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): That sucks. If it's any solace I don't think I'm going to have time to finish my All Might kigu I was planning on, so I feel that pain.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: IM GETTIN SOMEWHERE BOIS
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hey make up frens
Where can I get nickle free make up
Chris has a skin allergy so he can stick it out for Katsu but I need to find stuff that's gonna work for him in the future so he isn't itching all day long.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Uhhhh I'll look into some stuff. What's the shopping list/budget?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Idk like 10-15 dollars. I know stuff like that is gonna be over priced
Jess (whoozica): https://www.skinsafeproducts.com

That might help
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Nah it doesn't have to be. Plus I can probs find coupons and sales n stuff. 
He just needs foundation concealer and setting powder I assume?
Jess (whoozica): Alot of physicians formula stuff seems to be nickel free
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ye but their foundation range is awful and doesn't go light enough usually. We will find something
Jess (whoozica): Yea that's why I linked the the site too, seems helpful at least
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ye it seems legit which is good. 
Imma. Save that link for.... Future use kthx
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oo Evie i would go with
Maybelline fit me matte + poreless foundation, maybelline fit me matte + poreless powder in the same color or translucent, and a nyx concealer
Tom (tomukuncosplay): <@170686358535274497> looks awesome! What series is it from?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i give up with the internet homestucks and body paint ppl how did you seal your stuffs without wildly smearing your body paint.
Jess (whoozica): Georgia recommended me this and hairspray:
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ye i got powder but like. how do i get it ON my body without it going literally everwhere and just sticking to my brush instead of my body ;-;
Anna (loud and likely blonde): am i not supposed to use a brush?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i got blue marble setting spray also cause ill probs vomit if i hairspray my body bc the smell
Jess (whoozica): i just used like a kabuki brush.  and do it in the tub or bathroom
Anna (loud and likely blonde): rip to my roommates but kks. I will find my spare kabuki
Anna (loud and likely blonde): thank
Jess (whoozica): yea Georgia literally put me in the tub when she showed me it
Marisa (Mawisa): O I has that
Leftover from the good old homestuck days
Anna (loud and likely blonde): TBH Im mixing mehron setting powder and coty airspun
Anna (loud and likely blonde): does anyone know if i can stick tights down with spirit gum or if thats a bad idea. im caving and making an arm sock for yang
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you CAN but if its a high mobility area it probably wont stick well
Anna (loud and likely blonde): nah its like. high up on my shoulder
Erik (Red Riot Thot): OH
Erik (Red Riot Thot): someone I follow posted about something for basically doing just that one sec
Erik (Red Riot Thot): fuck never mind I never wrote down what it was
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lmao its ok ill figure it out. worst case i just black body paint it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i just 
am doing this before date night lmfao
you want fucking rwby chibi?: <@351785752197201920> catra from the netflix she ra reboot!
you want fucking rwby chibi?: also ive discovered. when making armsocks. definitely get more than one pair of tights in case u fuck up, and practice first SO you dont fuck up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i feel Catra and Inuyasha have the same energy. Running around con centers with bare feet and entirely too many pointy finger and toenails and way too much hair
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~bottom energy~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~masquerading as a top~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but ahahah ahah ahha i have three hours to figure out how to armsock
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and its not even like a full arm
you want fucking rwby chibi?: :3c

dyou want the tutorial i used?
you want fucking rwby chibi?: it worked p well asl long as u. Remember to leave space for seams hh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): pls. 
i have one but like. more is always good.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o wait i can totally make head hole still
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *when i thought i was done with con crunch im not*
you want fucking rwby chibi?: <https://www.sockdreams.com/blog/2016/08/02/diy-cosplay-gloves-part-1/> ✓✓
you want fucking rwby chibi?: its 2 parts buy the 2nd part is linked in it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): excellent thank
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u are. lifesaver
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 💛💛💛
Anna (loud and likely blonde): there are many things i do not like how they came out on this cosplay but *fuckign dishwasher wants to see it so im panicking*
you want fucking rwby chibi?: _oof_
Anna (loud and likely blonde): my brain is just. <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
you want fucking rwby chibi?: well. u can always make adjustments after the fact (given u do plan to wear it more than once)-
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o ya shes gettin worn more than once. Debating redoing part before RTX too
Anna (loud and likely blonde): maybe a venture into stretch mesh as well
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is anyone doing she-ra herself? i know a couple going to katsu wearing her but like. we seem to have catras and no Adoras?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Hey boyfriends are great but I fully acknowledge that I would be more productive without one, so I’m with you there Anna
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i also just dont wanna subject him to figuring out how to paint my arm bc its my dominant hand. and. he no art.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lol hes traditional and I dont like valentines day and im like. hey a 5 hour road trip is actually my ideal spend time together experience but hes like no lets go out to dinner. so we compromised and we're finally gonna go see into the spiderverse tonight instead
Georgia (Something Sensible): GOOOOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my blake, wishcircuit, is being my adora for the ball
Jess (whoozica): tom and i are gonna try to dinner together alone one night at katsu, if that doesnt work out well postpone till we get home
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!334090409389195266>  oooooooo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!351471675843411978>  aw thats a good plan. im not even a 'go get nice dinner together' person so
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk how he puts up with my paint covered existence all the time
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i dont know how my work clothes dont have paint on them. wait. no redact that i got contact cement on one of my eddie bauer shirts
Jess (whoozica): also presents are just "whatever we want at katsu" XD
thats ok whenever i cosplay Lilith toms has to do paint the whole design on me
Jess (whoozica): he also had to do the entire back side of mina's bodysuit for me
Anna (loud and likely blonde): my boy cant draw a straight line to save his life
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need a boy who can art
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ill be your side art chick
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😂
Jess (whoozica): toms and i are both ex art students, it comes in handy
Georgia (Something Sensible): My boi Justin can’t art but he’s a phlebotomist so he has a steady hand. I chalked out A2’s lines and he traced them in paint
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also damn Sarah leaving was convenient, now all my cosplay stuff is on her side lmao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~damn engineering school boy cant draw~~
Jess (whoozica): better use of space
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yo phlebotomy is so cool but i couldnt do it i need so much caffeeine my hands shake
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i mean empty space is better than a waste of space so like an upgrade was not hard~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Lmao yeah
Georgia (Something Sensible): I wouldn’t have been able to pull off the recovery of my tights without that much room to just think of a fix
Jess (whoozica): i get like random chills id prob just stab somebody on accident
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i thought that said random chilis~~
Jess (whoozica): me too, and i typed it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *welcome to chili's*
Georgia (Something Sensible): I DUD TOO
Georgia (Something Sensible): 👀
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i cleaned the living room so my housemates cant yell at me but the fabric bin is still in the living room
Anna (loud and likely blonde): they really question my sanity when i pull out a sewing machiNE FUCK I GOTTA FIX UP KEVIN
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jess (whoozica): i dont think theres a surface in my house that doesn't have something cosplay related on it right now
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~everything was gonna smell like weed if i did that~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): damn frat bois
Anna (loud and likely blonde): cant wait to move out and move in with Meaghan
Anna (loud and likely blonde): in order to cover every surface with nerd shit
Jess (whoozica): ooo nooooo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeaaaaa 

anyone bringing a lint roller to katsu btw
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~kurtis witnesses my katsucrunch masacre and i was so embarrased by the fact that there was cosplay literally every fucking where that i forced myself to clean before him and billiam came sunday~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Who’s still crunching?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i got cat hair on everything
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im apparently back into the crunch i thought i was done except for packing my makeup brushes
Jess (whoozica): ill have 2 lint rollers
Jess (whoozica): 1 smol 1 big
Anna (loud and likely blonde): well. trade useage
Anna (loud and likely blonde): will trade for booze
Jess (whoozica): awww leanna, it ok, they understand the cronch
Jess (whoozica): yea no prob! it brand new so theres lots of sheets
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): even when they came sunday you literally could not see the floor in my sewing room
Jess (whoozica): its fiiiiine
Jess (whoozica): kurits is stopping by tonight and the whole damn house is a sewing room right now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): katsucrunch swallowed me whole
Georgia (Something Sensible): Katsucrunch vore?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes, 100%
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): vored by katsucrunch. weird flex but ok
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~pls no one judge me for literally gluing bark to myself on saturday~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Anna's fully becoming Groot~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am the lorax i speak for the trees.
The trees say fuck you.
Matt (mattmyers25): Did we ever find a bar to take my photo in as qrow?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~there's one in the Gaylord ya deep~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): no i got assaulted by repainting somethign my housemate fucked up. 
oh we taking the photo in the bar as early as possible for max alchoholic appearance
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What're you actually cosplaying that ya need bark for Anna?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): A kodama! im like. tryna become the tree spirit fully
Matt (mattmyers25): Well, let me know what bar it will be at
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ooohhh 
And lol I'm taking photos of you Matt sooo xD
Matt (mattmyers25): Anna can be a witness lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): my mask is bark, and im gluing bark up my leg to make it look cooler. I wish i had put lichen on it but like you cant get that shit off trees without bustin git
Anna (loud and likely blonde): anna will be holding the lighting lmao
Matt (mattmyers25): And a drink
Anna (loud and likely blonde): mayhaps. 

actually what day are you doing this lets just hope i can SEE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that sound really cool Anna 😮
Matt (mattmyers25): Friday
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o boy sclera lens day
Jess (whoozica): anna what time you doing kodama on saturday?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): uhhhhhhhh probs like 3pm until i get changed for the formal?
Matt (mattmyers25): Let everyone's favorite drunk uncle escort you around lol and then lead you right into the fountain  haha
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *imma be living my best life as a cute tree spirit*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg matttt 😱   Nuuu
Jess (whoozica): tom and i are doing San and Ashitaka same time slot basically
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lol casey's mononoke meetup?
Jess (whoozica): no actually XD we just wanted to cosplay them, we actually have another shoot in different costumes at the time of the meetup it just happened to be the same day
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Lmao. 
I def gotta see them then i loved that movie
Jess (whoozica): yea we gotta change by like 1:00ish? im lazy and never did a full costest but o well
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@!386874959009415170> are you by chance doing blake at all this weekend? heather asked me to ask you if she could borrow your cat ears since hers are burried in a storage facility since her move
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm not, but I will definitely bring them for her!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thank you so much!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): no problem!
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): (1) dirty android arm
Jess (whoozica): send noods plz
Anna (loud and likely blonde): gotta love the dorm bathroom
Jess (whoozica): id die to have a sink with that much room on it th
Anna (loud and likely blonde): a valid mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i have purchased 2 pairs translucent and 2 pairs opaque tights oh boy tonight gon be wild
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): _sink space_
Anna (loud and likely blonde): daw look at that smile
Anna (loud and likely blonde): stop teasing jess
Jess (whoozica): im movin in, im your new roomate
Georgia (Something Sensible): Hewwo welcome to my crib
Anna (loud and likely blonde): welcomee tew maiii kitchennnn, we got bananaeys... and avocadies...
Georgia (Something Sensible): Everything I do for the next 24 hours is physics, cosplay, life sustaining processes, or Valentine’s stuff. _everything_
Anna (loud and likely blonde): so in that order
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Shirt for PJ Kaminari
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i wanna make u one that says "i tried and I fried"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO YES
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~with a fork on it~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): _26 hours til i leave and i still have so much homework and cosplay left_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I just realized I haven't worn Raven since August and I gained some weight since then... Hope my skirt still fits D:~~
Jamie (Jamie): Oh fuck guys i never made horns for mina ~~kill me please~~
Jess (whoozica): What day/time are you doing her?
Jamie (Jamie): Sat afternoon with rebeccas denki
Mark (Mad Doctor): Might be some in dealers room?
Jess (whoozica): You can borrow mine!
Jess (whoozica): I only need them friday
Jess (whoozica): They're on little clips
Jamie (Jamie): For reals!? Omg your my savior
Jess (whoozica): Yea no problem! ♥️
Jamie (Jamie): I guess whenever your done in mina Friday just grab me somehow or vise versa since con craziness
Jamie (Jamie): But seriously thank you my mind was just scrambling to figure out how to make them in one night lmao and i prolly would have had no sleep lol
Jess (whoozica): I'll probs be wearing them late into the night Friday but we'll.figure it out, yea no sleepy is no good
Jamie (Jamie): Like i said con crazy and such haha
Jamie (Jamie): Ph and to anyone who ever has trouble finding school uniform knee highs, walmart sells 3 packs of white/black/navy for 4 bucks
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i I've decided i hate fake nails
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i can't do anything
