Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just tried on my Darlifra uniform and I already can't wait to yeet it off Thursday evening
you want fucking rwby chibi?: can a hairdryer b used as a makeshift heat gun
Jess (whoozica): Depends on what you are looking to do! I used mine to to get a slight bend in foam before
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Honestly you'd be better boiling water and holding the thing above it
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yaaa
i still,, gotta do my catra mask so
you want fucking rwby chibi?: s that or i teleport 2 <@!245270932602486784>'s house lmao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Try over ur stove honestly
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Myrtenaster being a lil pain in the ass. Super glue time it is
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I may have made a mistake...
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yes you did
Jess (whoozica): Damn son
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Better stock up on alcohol. It's going to be a busy weekend
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Time to hit up the Costco liquor store
Mark (Mad Doctor): Delaware , and  Total Wine, is on the way...
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): Raoring 20's wanda hair, decided to do a more classic gatsby look instead of her 50's inspired look
Jamie (Jamie): Annoying but noce is this is something that will have to be mostly styled the night of
Anna (loud and likely blonde): How cute
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jess (whoozica): Omg these are cute
Jamie (Jamie): Thank! I'm glad i went witb doing era hairstyles. Saved so much styling time
Jamie (Jamie): Now just need to make floaty crowns and that project will be complete
Jamie (Jamie): Trying to think best method for making crowns and having them attach to wigs. Thinking of doing craft foam sheets but unsure if wire required to hold that would be too heavy or not? 
Anyone have experience making floating things float nice?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): When are you wearing James, Erik? :O
Also ohhh those look so pretty Jamie!!
Jamie (Jamie): Lack of rollers will not stop me when i have *tin foil*
Jamie (Jamie): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Noice
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Honestly I've seen people use cardstock for crowns
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And put them on via flower wires
Jamie (Jamie): Hmm maybe i do that I was gonna do the foam mainly cuz lazy and i have yellow foam papers haha
Jamie (Jamie): Flower wire somthing like the 20 gauge or something?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yea or like. Honestly anything that will hold stiffness
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Lol do foam it'll be light enough
Jamie (Jamie): 👌👌
Jamie (Jamie): Honestly I'm jumping from project to project so bad and just going kay these random things complete now onto the next hoping things move faster that way. Specially since pain lost me a day and mores work
Anna (loud and likely blonde): R I P. 
If I was driving down early i would make you some crowns but honestly like even if they don't float it'll be fine
Jamie (Jamie): True honestly lol
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): So uhhhh <@184437198865563648> <@334090409389195266>  and I figured out the cosplay that should be your one and only.....Salt Bae
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Its perfect
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Todoroki in progress? Or fancy plumber?
Georgia (Something Sensible): its-a me
Georgia (Something Sensible): TOAD-aroki
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's so cute Jamie
Jamie (Jamie): Thank! It will be fun i think
Jamie (Jamie): Is anyone else going to the gatsby night?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Want to but probs not
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ditto.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): too much spicy shooting to do. <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Methinks mag is going but also depends if she can get out of work and get there with traffic. Sadly I'mma be on that road tripppp
you want fucking rwby chibi?: sewing leathers together? _by hand?_  did u mean: my desk sounds like im putting nails in a coffin andthis is gonna take **forever**
you want fucking rwby chibi?: _i have to do two of these_
you want fucking rwby chibi?: catra pants #1 90% done <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Rei!!! Those are great!!!@
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Damn can u lend me ur pants skill
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *frick fracking why does mag want to do like a  loods version of female Qrow on top of the normal genderbend I DONT WANNA MAKE THAT MANY ROBO PARTS
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I like how you assume you need a lewd ironwood to go with a lewd Qrow.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *i mean go big or go home*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ok so I want to look that good but like. Don't wanna make that many. The conflict
