Monica (absolutezerocosplay): 
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): ezcosplay got on that pretty quickly
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YO I WANT IT THO??
Evie (Katheryne Knight): GIRL LETS TWIN
Mark (Mad Doctor): Hope someone does it for Zenkai...
Matt (mattmyers25): <@387456543421104150>
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Well....we'll see 😂
Mark (Mad Doctor): On a related note, anyone want to be my evil twin for Zenkai?
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Your evil twin??
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm going as the yellow RWBY god...
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Ooh I see!
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): That's awesome
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): So this means...
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): You and I are gonna have a showdown at Zenkai right??
Mark (Mad Doctor): Oh, yeeeah....
Matt (mattmyers25): Who will be ozma?
Mark (Mad Doctor): I just ordered my dancer's belt today, because I have been informed that no-one wants to see that. For the record, I don't want to show that, either
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I am gonna attempt to get ozma base done
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Without armor
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And then work on the armor after zenkai
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YAAAAAAAAAAAAS
Evie (Katheryne Knight): SPeaking of the shoot is on just friday this year right?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): There is no Saturday one?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I think?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay Im trying to plan my stuff and my biggest regret this year was not wearing Winter on Friday
Evie (Katheryne Knight): for the shoots
Evie (Katheryne Knight): For Katsu so if there is a RWBY shoot I'm being my ice queen
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I LOVED being Summer, but Winter is my girl ya know?
Georgia (Something Sensible): rwby shoot is thus far saturday
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://www.facebook.com/events/2986131638079741/
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay!!
Georgia (Something Sensible): i suppose i could host friday too but i aint rwby-ing up
Evie (Katheryne Knight): No I couldn't remember what day it was
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay so Winter on Saturday that's fine with me OWO
Matt (mattmyers25): Welp, I need to fix qrow's sword before that
Mark (Mad Doctor): Hope it remains on Saturday. I'm not getting there until late on Friday now
Georgia (Something Sensible): as the shoot runner, i hope it stays on saturday too lol
Matt (mattmyers25): Also, can someone shoot me at a bar drinking as qrow?
Matt (mattmyers25): During zenkai
Mark (Mad Doctor): Hey, I'll drink at the bar with you
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I hope it does as well. Saturdays have a good turn out.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): at least at Zenkai Saturdays tend to have a huge turnout
Evie (Katheryne Knight): also does anyone know when the BNHA shoot is at Zenkai this year?
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://www.facebook.com/events/601160873687277/
Matt (mattmyers25): Qrow and the God of light of drinking. Someone needs to take a picture of this
Mark (Mad Doctor): "Trust me kid, it could be worse..."
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thanks girl!!!
This is awesome. My Hero on Friday and RWBY on Saturday

and the my hero shooot inst until the evening, so Castlevania during the day
