Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEEEEEESSSSSS
Jamie (Jamie): Soooo a thing happened and flapper Wanda is now a super thing i just need to do her and cosmos wigs and whip up quick floaty crowns
Jamie (Jamie): The thing that happened is that the Amazon box came
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahhh cute!!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): AHHHH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's a cute af dress
Jamie (Jamie): And its super comfu and a stretch material so its not annoying to wear either
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are you wearing it to Katsu?
Jamie (Jamie): I just love how the look came together
Jamie (Jamie): And yes because of Gatsby party on Thursday
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Not the formal though?
Jamie (Jamie): ~~best part is this can double as a hufflepuff outfit~~
Jamie (Jamie): No thats gonna be the black dress i got and doing a vague formal CC for
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U look gr9
Anna (loud and likely blonde): HALF OF ONE LEGGY CEL SHADED
Jamie (Jamie): Woo! You can do it!
Jamie (Jamie): These also came with the pack of accessories and in fully amused by the cig holder that expands and appears to be fully functioning lmao
Jamie (Jamie): But also earings are really weighty and im impressed
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are they actual earrings? Not just clip ons?
Jamie (Jamie): Yea actual pins through ear holes earings
Jamie (Jamie): And for now this wig is gonna be wandas hair. Originally got it for pink diamond but its really lavender and not pink enough for pink diamond
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I could have painted these pants for 6 hours but instead I thought LETS SAND AND ASSEMBLE THE MYRTENASTER KIT THAT CAME because I'm not bringing that to katsucon so why shouldn't I work on that IMMEDIATELY
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it's nice tho I just need to figure out why the contact cement isn't cementing even tho it says it glues plastic and it worked on one joint but not the other
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Halp me oh glue knowledgeable people
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Also whoever suggested soynut props to me i love you
you want fucking rwby chibi?: <@!334090409389195266> how did u do the mask for catra? and how did u attach it,
Jamie (Jamie): <@289944569410224129> I assume your letting the contact cement get tacky on both sides before putting the pieces together?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yea. I basically did the exact same thing I always do but it just. Won't hold
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like on two other pieces of the same material it's holding fine but this one joint. 
I re sanded it for more surface area  and cleaned it so let's see if it's set by morning otherwise I'm just gonna use E600
Jamie (Jamie): Also i feel that mood i literally still need to sew things but instead im doing all the small things for cosplays like resin molding and other crafts rather than complete the main outfit by just finishing some hemming and adding a zipper
Jamie (Jamie): Huh thats weird and at least there is a back up option you have for using if weirdly the cement doesnt work still
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@170686358535274497> I made a paper draft of the mask and made sure it fit my face, then I used it as a stencil and cut it out of 6mm foam. 
I heat sealed and shaped it to bend around my face.
Then I painted it red. Completely.
Then after it dried I took a dry brush and some brown paint and weathered it. 
For the triangle things i just cut out two little triangles out of the thin craft foam and glue them on top and then painted them dark red almost brown.

When i did the test i glued it to my face with eyelash glue but it didnt hold well, so I'm just gonna use spirit gum for katsu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~it did not glue overnight~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): imma use superglue instead at this rate
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea when my friends 3D printed prop got crushed last katsu we superglued it back together
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and it worked
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i was talking to mag about how much i love the tolerance on this print being like zilch and she went into a rlly long explanation of how thats gotta be regulated soon. 
i forgot thats literally what her job is rn lmfao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im just worried cause im gluing the blade together and then sanding it and im concerned that superglue will fracture?
Mark (Mad Doctor): A good expoxy should hold but not good for quick repairs
Mark (Mad Doctor): Loctite might be a good option
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BstHc6FD7vQ
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Disclaimer: I didn't watch the whole video, so I'm not sure if any of their methods worked well lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Update: Barge, E6000, PVC glue not good; 5 minute epoxy, JB Weld, and super glue good; hot glue has potential
Anna (loud and likely blonde): super glue it is. im too impatient to use epoxy and I need to be able to sand it so hot glue is out  cause itll just gum up my dremel
Erik (Red Riot Thot): super glue seems to be the contender where I'm at in the video lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): thank u for your service
Erik (Red Riot Thot): any time
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm also learning lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I trust Joel and Mark with my ~~3D printing~~ life
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *I wouldn't trust me with a god damn thing*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): life is just anagrammed word for file right
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we're all just a simulation
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 3D printed out of carbon hydrogen nitrogen and phosphorous
Anna (loud and likely blonde): over the course of 9 months in a specific 3d printer. and then we are taken out and our print grows and deteriorates
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~that got dark sorry~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jess (whoozica): damn ok
Anna (loud and likely blonde): humans: the original biodegradable 3D print
Anna (loud and likely blonde): cant replicate the file easily. sometimes u get unintentional copies
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Bill: "None of these will hold 4 pounds..."
Anna (loud and likely blonde): bill what do you need to hold 4lbs
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *super glue proceeds to withstand over 15 plounds*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): bill what are you doing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *You know I'm referring to Punished Props Bill, not Tilt Worm Bill right?*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~even your clarification sounds like a bit~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *what does he need to hold 4lbs*
*bill what are you making*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): they're just testing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): rip i was expecting like. a prop with an incredible amount of LED's
Anna (loud and likely blonde): question though. does that mean that theoretically the print itself would be destroyed before the glue failed?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): probaly
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hm. good to know. I dont know exactly what the material strength of prints/filament is
Mark (Mad Doctor): I wouldn't imagine epoxy would be great for Dremel either
Erik (Red Riot Thot): depends on the part and your infill settings
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *guys i found a mold to make fake zippers out of*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Anna (loud and likely blonde): cake gum paste/fondant molds. amazing
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Lining has been HEMMED
