Erik (Red Riot Thot): That awkward moment when you accidentally poke your eyeball with liquid eyeliner and you just see a dot of eyeliner dissipate throughout your eye
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): did you have contacts in?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats a fun time
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Lol yup
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): when the entire contacts picks up the eyeliner and youre 100% blind
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oof
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "this is fine :)"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I accidentally got eyeliner on the bottom of my one contract doing my water line for Blake on Saturday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OOOOOF
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But I think this is the best my Kiri makeup has ever come out
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It does look really good
Erik (Red Riot Thot): THANKS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I need to find different eyeshadow for the brows. I don't like the stuff I'm using
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It looks really good though 😮
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@245270932602486784> what did you use for pyrrha
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That was good stuff when I used it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Covered my black eyebrows without doing anything fancy
Georgia (Something Sensible): _dollar lip liner from CVS LMAOOOO_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YOOO LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IT WORKS SO GOOD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Wowza really?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I have a red lip liner and it doesn't do shit for my eyebrows
Georgia (Something Sensible): Wet n Wild is cheap but they still got that good quality
Georgia (Something Sensible): What brand?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do you know the exact name of the product Georgia?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Rimmel
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *gotta get that London look*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I got some weird liquid stuff (i dont recall brand) at Target for Shinoa and Ichigo's eyebrow... the lady who showed me it says it works really well but I've yet to try it out 🤔 Hopefully it does lol. Seems kinda weird XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It came with a little brush too soo?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~I also have brows like 5x thiccer than y'all soooo~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Lemme check
Georgia (Something Sensible): I love finding good cheap finds tho lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Cheap stuff is V nice. Cause it cheap XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): “Wet N Wild Gel Lip Liner”
Georgia (Something Sensible): The color is red the scene
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's very good, I usually have an EXTREMELY hard time covering my eyebrows because they are so dark
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thank! When I go get makeup before Katsu I'll keep a look out for that
Georgia (Something Sensible): It’s probably the gel part
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh gel, maybe that's why it works. Mine's just a pencil
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I like never cover my eyebrows cause I am lazy and dont find anything that works...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea the gel like grabs on the little hairs xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I was hella impressed
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah the trade off is if you become really sweaty you can accidentally rub it off if you rub your forehead
Georgia (Something Sensible): But a little hairspray or baby powder seals that right up
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also another pro tip, wet n Wild has pretty cheap liquid eyeliner too, that comes in black and brown and blue
Georgia (Something Sensible): Brown is good for people with pale skin like me, so if you also have the complexion of a paper towel, wet n wild got you <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Valid, I just discovered the magic of brown liner like 2 days ago
Georgia (Something Sensible): It is a Good Time™️
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also wet n Wild is good cause I’m a firm believer that you shouldn’t have to break the bank on make up
Jess (whoozica): Fuk yea
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): AAYYYYY!! 🙌
Georgia (Something Sensible): NICEEEE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was making a note of all I still need to do for Katsu and I was like hmm okay I'll finish Blake boots tomorrow hopefully and maybe can do Ikuno wig too this weekend.. and then I remembered Erik has my wig cause I left it at the workshop on Sunday... ~~Fuckkkk~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOOKS SO GOOD ERIK
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah what do you want to do about the wig? I can just ship it to you if that's more convenient, especially with the weather
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol nah don't do that. We live pretty close to one another. I'll probs try to come up sometime after classes this coming week or the weekend (if you are home)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That works too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was gonna come get it this weekend but with is calling for snow...Welp ._.
And lol okay! I'll let ya know, probs next Saturday I'll swing up and grab it.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Okie doke
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌 Thankies by the way~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): No prob
Anna (Cadmium): Damn I missed the makeup talk. Temptalia is a blog and she writes a ton of reviews and comparisons of stuff and lists things that are like. The same products and ways to dupe more expensive things. Side note. If you splurge on ANYTHING splurge on foundation   (would say setting spray but NYX has good stuff for cheap. Wet n wild breaks me out) and make sure you get your undertone right. 

If they don't sell wet n wild near you try Make Up Revolution. They sell basically "generic" versions of expensive things. 

Georgia is right don't break the bank on makeup it's hella not worth it and drugstore stuff is AMAZING these days. 


Also set ur liquids with powders ppl. So if u put green eyebrows on with eyeliner use a green eyeshadow on top of it to set it.
Anna (Cadmium): And don't put anything that calls itself a pressed pigment on ur eyeball. That means it technically isn't eye safe. Don't put lipsticks on your eyes unless it says eye safe. Rule of thumb is that if it's eye safe it's lip safe but not always vice ersa
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I hate myself.
I have an urge to cosplay like 5 characters at the moment, and my other half of me is like, "YOU NEED TO FINISH PROJECTS YOU'RE ALREADY WORKING ON"
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm King of the North, binches!
Anna (Cadmium): Pointy prop is pointy
Mark (Mad Doctor): Extra points for points
Anna (Cadmium): The shop called my sewing machine is fixed YES BABY
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Very nice 👌
Jamie (Jamie): Fuck finally motivated to work on jeanne pull out fabric and the partially pleated skirt needs more pleats and generalling ironed. "Oh i know where iron is--*but fuck i dont have anything to iron on top of*"
Jess (whoozica): I just put a towel down on a table
Jess (whoozica): Like double it over at least tho
Jamie (Jamie): Im stubborn and like how i can use width of the board to work in perfect sections lol
Marisa (Mawisa): Ye use a towel + the floor
Marisa (Mawisa): Infinite sections
Anna (Cadmium): Don't iron your foot tho
Jamie (Jamie): XD
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): These wrinkles make me cry lol
Jamie (Jamie): And i cant leave to get a board for like a half hour cause I need go help jason bring wood in once he gets a pile by the back door
Anna (Cadmium): Can you soak it with misted water for now?  So they steam out when you can iron it
Jamie (Jamie): Wait is that a thing i should do?~~ I mean my iron steams and mists anyway~~
Anna (Cadmium): I mean it'll kill time
Anna (Cadmium): And it drying might help take out some minor ones
Jamie (Jamie): Mm maybe I mean im now distracted by Pokemon on tv
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Anna what day are you doing your Grimm Yang?
Anna (Cadmium): Friday for the Meetup!
Anna (Cadmium): N probs changing out of her a few hours later to PJ yang bc I'mma want to eat food and I can't do that in her
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I feel that lol
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): but I'm gonna attempt to make Salem's wings in time <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (Cadmium): Yaaaaaas 
Lmk if you want me to ask Allizcosplay how she did her mirajane lol
Anna (Cadmium): I am excite
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Ey I have like one picture with her bishamon 👌
Anna (Cadmium): Ugh I love her so much. We met at a con in Virginia but turns out we both live on Long island and went to the same college
Jess (whoozica): Someone plz tell me it's not ok to Dremel in the house just cuz it's cold
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Don't do it. D:
Anna (Cadmium): U got a drop cloth?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Do it. Fuck the rules.
Anna (Cadmium): FUCK YEAH MY SEWING MACHINE IS. DOING SO MUCH BETTER
Jess (whoozica): I went out on the porch
Jess (whoozica): I cold now
