Jamie (Jamie): ~~is avoiding actual sewing so goes back to extreme wig styling between yawns of eternal exhaustion~~
Jamie (Jamie): *is extremely amused*
Jamie (Jamie): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A spike!
Jamie (Jamie): Yes!
Anna (Cadmium): I am sewing tipsy
Anna (Cadmium): I highly recommend
Matt (mattmyers25): Rip
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah I'm seam ripping it's honestly less painful this way
Anna (Cadmium): SPIKE WIG
Anna (Cadmium): who this gonna be
Jamie (Jamie): Jasons not so secret secret cosplay
Jamie (Jamie): He told me just today it was a secret or surprise lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Not so secret secret cosplay?? 🤔
Anna (Cadmium): Is it really letting it slip if u tell us 
Lol Jk but really how much volume u goin for
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is it what I think it is Jamie? ~~The one ya'll want me to group with you guys on?~~
Jamie (Jamie): Like the enture thing need to stand up
Jamie (Jamie): And honestly i dont think its giving it away but he is cutely excuted for it to be a surprise
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Flip the wig upside down, tease and hairspray it some
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And awww
Anna (Cadmium): Tease the living crap out of it yes
Jamie (Jamie): Im just doing the mega got2b and blow dryer method and trying to tease but damn its quality so good it dont wanna knot up at all for such a thing
Anna (Cadmium): Nah you can recover a teased wig you just gotta detangler it to death
Jamie (Jamie): Lol no i mean it literally doesnt want to tease I'm having to doing some trickery via the hairspray
Anna (Cadmium): Ripperoni. How fine is the comb you're tryna tease with?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm just now realizing these belt on her one leg and FFUUUUU
Anna (Cadmium): They didn't used to be slack like that hmmm
Anna (Cadmium): ~~paint em on or ignore em~~
Jamie (Jamie): This wig is weirdly thick yet thin at the same time due to what im making it do
Jamie (Jamie): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma just get leather and buckles at work. Quickly make shift some lol. 
And lol was worried on my boots staying up even with jeans underneath ~~need to actually try it on w/~~ and my dad goes "sew them your pants" <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jamie (Jamie): XD
Jamie (Jamie): But also garter belt with trickery ?
Anna (Cadmium): No actually put Velcro on your pants tho
Anna (Cadmium): Or eye hooks
Anna (Cadmium): Trust me. Mags don't stay up
Anna (Cadmium): Even on denim
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He mentioned Velcro too. I might actually do it lol.
Anna (Cadmium): You need something else than just boot
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And yikes really? 😩 gotta love shit that doesn't stay up when should...
Anna (Cadmium): Even double sided tape didn't work
Anna (Cadmium): It gets too much pulling
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes. Noted, will deff add something to hold up mah boots~ lol thanks!
Anna (Cadmium): Let my error be your success lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> 💕
Anna (Cadmium): Also SOMEONE TEACH DISHWASHER PHYSICS PLS
Anna (Cadmium): WHAT IS THIS
Anna (Cadmium): THIS WEIGHS 3LBS ALONE ON MY HIP
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): WHAT THE FUCK
Erik (Red Riot Thot): First collar bit done
Anna (Cadmium): M8 your seams are incredible
Georgia (Something Sensible): mad respecc
Anna (Cadmium): I see we are all crunching
Anna (Cadmium): Crunch is sleeping rn
Anna (Cadmium): Awwwww he's having Kitty dreams he's twitching
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I was having trouble with hem if the inside part because the tan was peaking out where the shirt creases so I had to rip the seams and just sew the raw edge so the fabric wraps around the crease so the inside isn't too pretty lol
Anna (Cadmium): ~~no one has to know that
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Anna (Cadmium): That's not that bad whatcha talking bout lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just gonna fraycheck it so it doesn't get messier
Georgia (Something Sensible): forget nudes
Georgia (Something Sensible): nicely edged seams are where its at
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yooo that looks v nice
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But I'm proud of this little bit
Georgia (Something Sensible): 👏
Anna (Cadmium): Ohhhhhh HHH very nice
Anna (Cadmium): Tiny detail work. Very nice
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~I wish I still had seeing to do instead of props/wigs .... I love sewing~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~Getting this part of the collar done was like 3 hours of work~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IT LOOKS SO GOOD THOUGH
Anna (Cadmium): TRADE ME PLS LEANNA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Cosplay work swap anna xD
Tom (tomukuncosplay): sends somee nice seems
***MMPH***
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I would say trade me but I still have to figure out how I'm making Goro's chest piece
Anna (Cadmium): I love props
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Me and props do not get along
Anna (Cadmium): Lol uhhhh I'm. Gluing spikes to a gun because logic right
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I started to do boots but gave up cause been up since 6am. At least go markings of outlines for things. They'll be fully done tomorrow
Anna (Cadmium): Mood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Maybe I'll clean up my room some to be productive a bit more tonight :/ i still have energy to do something
Anna (Cadmium): Wash ur makeup brushes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): This gwen wig is fucking murdering me... like arda is great but wow....
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I never use arda and I'm not used to these fibers
Anna (Cadmium): That bad?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~ I don't use makeup brushes really. I put on makeup like a gremlin lol~~
Anna (Cadmium): What do you normally use I'm used to Arda
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's like... thick in weird places
Anna (Cadmium): Yes gremlin friends
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I use cheap wigs from amazon or ebay and make them pretty
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I still need to watch that movie since one boss calls me that... 🤔~~
Anna (Cadmium): I never saw it dw
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): One bottle of hair spray later
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay yea this is deff what I think it's for
Rebecca (madameterralupus): AYYY <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Jamie (Jamie): Lol yea xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am excite!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's looking really good so far by the way!
Jamie (Jamie): I need to find something for support on the inside top. Thinking if i can find Styrofoam/light foam of some sort to hold up stronger and i can give a thicker look to the hair overall
Jamie (Jamie): Thank! I had like too many layers of hair spray coating my hanf to achieve this xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yeaa that's what happen with I did the one I did years ago XD
Jamie (Jamie): I was wondering if you had bought or styled yourself when you did this dudes 90s anime hair of ultimate gravity defiance
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The one I did was actually a fucking Naruto wig from fye LMAO
Jamie (Jamie): Lmao xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wasnt perfect buuuttt tt worked 🤷
Jamie (Jamie): Yea this is an actual lace front since he said he was fine paying 60 bucks.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeaa that deff works better. Cleaner edges. And probs better quality lol
Jamie (Jamie): I wanted to cry that first lace front i get to mess with and I cant keep it pretty and over wear it
Jamie (Jamie): Like i want a lace front i cant wait to get one for heather c. When I finally get to do that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lace fronts are V nice.My first one was the Kylo wig. I like how clean they look and how well they blend in 👌 Sadly though they pricey lol
Jamie (Jamie): That they are oof and they never exist even as cheap quality its just 60 or nuthin everytime i search
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My Ikuno one was only like $38 🤔
Jamie (Jamie): Oh? Where at?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Amazon
Anna (Cadmium): Someone needs to cave and learn how to lacefront wigs. I've heard you can do that.
Marisa (Mawisa): o i've done that before. i cheated and used glue instead of ventilating because ain't no one got time for that. the process is simple tho.
Marisa (Mawisa): it's easier to make fake hairlines than to turn a regular wig into a lacefront
Anna (Cadmium): Dost thou have a youtube tutorial to link for this
Anna (Cadmium): Mm true for our uses it would make sense to just do a fake hairline
Marisa (Mawisa): arda has some neat videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRbP7omAs-s
Anna (Cadmium): Yesssss
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Goals for today:
- finish Blake boots
- sand scythe blade down
- plastidip scythe blade
- Blake tik toks
- cut down scythe pole
- finish painting scythe pole

oof wish me luck 😩
Evie (Katheryne Knight): You got this!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): More ambitious than I
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My goal is to just finish Tai's shirt
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And *maybe* pattern out Darling chest gear
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I only have today and tomorrow before school starts back up so want to try to do as much as I can. Probbsss won't get all of it done lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Rebecca I love how blake tiktoks are in there
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌🏻 of course! Doing tiktoks for new cosplays has been on my list for a while but I keep putting it off lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~will most of them be bee related? Maybe!~~
Jamie (Jamie): Mmm yes smell of coffee and pleats in the morning 🎶
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😩 almost done. Just gotta let paint dry and clean up the fuck ups of trying to figure out sizing. Oof
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think I need to cut my scythe pole down... it's 6'9" atm with just the base pieces 😂 oops
Jess (whoozica): I have a red panda that is very similar ntonthebone in the background I had to go get me mine and see it it was the same
Matt (mattmyers25): Um, that's a little big
Rebecca (madameterralupus): @jess -he's my little red panda from when I did Korra years ago. It's my Pabu~
@matt - and lol yeaaaa 😂
Jess (whoozica): 😮 kyoot! Mine has a little scarf the says just married that Tom gave me the night before our wedding
Jamie (Jamie): Lol remember that my gideon barely passed the weapons check of ota and its about 6'3 or so xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Awwwww that's so cute!! And lmao yeaa a lot of my props are P tall... but this is a bit too tall. Probs won't fit in my car soo
Jess (whoozica): What's katsus prop height limit?
Jess (whoozica): I think my hammer is like 5'6"? 7?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't think there is one; it just can't be awkward to carry or something like that
Jess (whoozica): Cool cool
Anna (Cadmium): I think you have to get it through doors and can't have chains more than 1' in length hanging
Jamie (Jamie): Loving past me for ha ing good measurement of fabric cut for this skirt so when pleats done i didnt ha e to cut more and add any length #bless
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): Box pleats make me happy doe
Jamie (Jamie): ~~Ima make 2 hidden pockets in this bitch~~ <:pewish:420824457918152704>
Mark (Mad Doctor): Nice job!
Jamie (Jamie): Thank!
Anna (Cadmium): I'm. Succeeding with airbrush???
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Anna (Cadmium): Granted it needs hella linework
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YOOO
Anna (Cadmium): Anna's airbrushing now open
Anna (Cadmium): 
Jess (whoozica): I need like Uber eats but for craft supplies
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Postmates
Jess (whoozica): <:rip:378273525804433408>
Jess (whoozica): Pretty sure Uber eats isn't available her either... Hell Uber is barely available
Jess (whoozica): Doxxed myself come visit me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Y E E T*
Jess (whoozica): So clean
Jess (whoozica): So pretty
Anna (Cadmium): CRISPP
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My collar cover method worked *surprisingly* well
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hell of a lot easier than splicing the collar from a different shirt like my last one lol
Anna (Cadmium): Splicing collars is hell usually.
Anna (Cadmium): Im dying here
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It was
Anna (Cadmium): Does this look cartoony enough
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And the collar was like one size bigger than the collar of the shirt I was splicing it to
Mark (Mad Doctor): The Borderlands cell shading reminds me of the Spiderverse movie
Jess (whoozica): These bois is done
Jess (whoozica): For something that looks so simple it took way to long
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ayyy they look great!
Jess (whoozica): Thanks!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Added the snap and finished off the details
Rebecca (madameterralupus): - sanding blade ✅
- finish in Blake boots ✅
 All I got done today in my list but I did also paint my missing raven gauntlet piece and label wig bags
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh: also ordered bee kigu lol
Jess (whoozica): I'm trying to work with fur and I think I've swallowed some
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just need to do Winters boots
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Added those lil things on the collar
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yooo it looks really really really good!!!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thank you!!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): You did a really good job!
