Marisa (Mawisa): jironwood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ironjood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Or. 
J. Ironwood. 
As.... Wait thafs not a joke that's just his name. 
Damn
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ...........................i told boy i was mad i had to buy more denim at $16/yd for this jacket and he was like how much do you need? I said idk i have no pattern. He said just buy a yard at a time and it'll come to me.
BABE NO THATS NOT HOW IT WORKS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): he has understood his mistake after i had to explain patterns and grain
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.koifootwear.com/collections/long-boots/products/chunky-countryside-boot-in-black
good idea boots for OG sketch yang or nah
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): those are pretty damn close
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My friend is getting some fallout armor made and it's all 3d printed. He was curious to know what's the best way to put it all together that it won't fall apart? Like is ther a good type of glue or method to hold together 3d printed stuff? 😮 
Figured I'd ask here since some of ya use 3d printed stuff
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *not contact cement*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): a lot of people use epoxy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): however
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeet ill order the boots next paycheck then 
Imma add a foam panel up the front to make it white.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my friends prop broke into a million pieces using epoxy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and superglue saved it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i suggest epoxy or superglue. but like. 5 min epoxy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): or loctite
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thank yee!! I shall pass these suggestions on to him 😃
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but like srs NOT contact cement you need it to be non flexible
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have passed on the words of the wise 😛
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ah fuck. i forgot to pick up yellow synthetics dye
Anna (loud and likely blonde): dammit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): think if use two whole ass bottles of it ill actually get yellow on spandex cause i dont. think i can do yellow thin spandex without my entire genital region being like HELLO WHATS UP like. no.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what are you making
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh yangs shorts?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean you could line them with another layer
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or use like athletic yellow spandex
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yes and eh I think for the bright yellow effect I'll just. Sew the yellow on top of white. Cause I found the single half yard of fabric I had bought for Athena. And then. Lost.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And had to dye some white.... With acrylic ink.
