Erik (Red Riot Thot): PSA: if you ever need to recolor rubber boots, plastidip works. I kind of figured it would, but I was still worried it might peel
Georgia (Something Sensible): The shishkaboob has been constructed
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Time 4 paint and prime
Anna (Cadmium): STABBY STABBY
Georgia (Something Sensible): While that dries, time 2 sew a full body sock
Anna (Cadmium): Sock?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye I’m making A2 from Nier Automata
Georgia (Something Sensible): And in order to make her android lines, I need to make tights for my full body
Anna (Cadmium): Rest in pieces
Anna (Cadmium): But I feel that
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like dis
Anna (Cadmium): That's gonna be sick
Georgia (Something Sensible): Side note, tangentially, does anyone know how to use an airbrush? 😅
Anna (Cadmium): Uhhhh in theory I do
Georgia (Something Sensible): I wonder if I could also water down some fabric paint and paint it that way?
Anna (Cadmium): It's kinda. Like spray paint but you basically just so it very delicately and use masking tape for edges
Anna (Cadmium): You could but I would suggest just high quality acrylic
Georgia (Something Sensible): I have an airbrush kit, I mostly just don’t know what paint to get and how to insert it lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): O rly? For tights material?
Anna (Cadmium): Oh! Use dis stuff
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): Basically you can airbrush with anything liquidy enough
Anna (Cadmium): And you put it into the lil drip pot
Anna (Cadmium): Yeah when I water down fabric paint it gets these weird shimmery things in it
Georgia (Something Sensible): Would acrylic wash out tho?
Anna (Cadmium): Also clean ur airbrush IMMEDIATELY when u done
Anna (Cadmium): Nah
Anna (Cadmium): Ppl dye wigs with this stuff too apparently
Anna (Cadmium): You could also use air dry dye
Anna (Cadmium): I suppose
Anna (Cadmium): Ok it goes in the lil pot thing
Anna (Cadmium): Or u get one of these bad boys and stick it in the in hole
Georgia (Something Sensible): O thank I have the pot so I just drip the paint in?
Anna (Cadmium): Ye. I would test with some non important fabric first but you like. Look at how you hold the airbrush and then turn the pot so it faces most up and then put in the paint.
Anna (Cadmium): When you done dump the paint extra out then fill it with airbrush cleaner and then spray it till it runs clean
Anna (Cadmium): And then disassemble and wipe down ur brush
Anna (Cadmium): Just make sure ur pot is jammed in nice and firm so it can't fall out
Anna (Cadmium): Don't stab urself by accident the needle inside is sharp
Georgia (Something Sensible): The body sock is sewn huzzah
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): These are the shorts and heels I’m using, then I have to sew gloves that go up to my elbows, and sew the tank top thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): And obviously paint the details on the tights but that’s for Sunday when I have help lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@245270932602486784> question about cosplay workshop: is there an area where spray painting is allowed?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye I have a whole garage bay that’ll be open and a bunch of pieces of cardboard
Georgia (Something Sensible): If you wanna do it inside (which. I don’t recommend cause I’ve sprayed outside perfectly fine) you could squat in the corner on the far side of the basement
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm fine doing it outside. I've been doing it in my garage with the garage door wide open 😂 I just wanted to ask because I have one (1) boot that I need to paint still lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): (1) boot
Georgia (Something Sensible): I will be okay sprayin da boot yes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Grazie
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Perk of being short: Thigh high boots usually come just above the knee to most people... for me they go almost all the way up the thigh XDD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Atleast my boots will be pretty close to the correct height for Blake's boots lol
Jess (whoozica): Mine go like mid thigh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I didn't try them on yet put held them up against my leg and I was like oh wow... they go like almost the entire length of my leg XD
Jess (whoozica): How tol are ?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm only 5'1" XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A smol. But not as smol as Heather lol
Jess (whoozica): What's Heather 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 4'11" ?
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oh wow
Georgia (Something Sensible): S m o l
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We the smol squad XD
Tom (tomukuncosplay): The only one that even comes close I think is Marisa
Tom (tomukuncosplay): She pretty smol although I haven't seen her in person in a year or so <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Maybe Japan helped her grow lol
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Prob was closer to average hieght over there <:pewish:420824457918152704>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.instagram.com/p/Bcz5IjPFg66/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=r4g6vu4tc43c
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Size reference
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Almost to my shoulder lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): On the topic of height difference, I think one of my current fave photos is this because the height difference between Heather and Erik XDD
Our smollest member and tollest member lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Heather and Marisa seem to be similar heights
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I could have sworn she was taller than me XD Maybe not.
Jess (whoozica): I think Marisa is 5 1
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah how many Erik’s tall are you? Oh yeah I’m like 0.86 Erik’s tall
Rebecca (madameterralupus): How many Erik's tall are you XDD  OMG
Georgia (Something Sensible): I actually did the math and got 8.57
Georgia (Something Sensible): Hella
Anna (Cadmium): <@245270932602486784> do u need more caps
Georgia (Something Sensible): I always need more
Anna (Cadmium): I have a stash I could bring sat lmao
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omggg plz
Georgia (Something Sensible): I need to find a way to carry so many too lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I got a whole bag I'm bringing you too btw xD
Anna (Cadmium): Sew urself a sack
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Anna (Cadmium): OMG wait can we do. Like. A make it rain picture like ppl do with dollar bills. But instead it's you making it rain caps
Georgia (Something Sensible): I sewed a sack but it was too smol
Anna (Cadmium): I have some spare khaki duck if you want
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh what is khaki duck it sounds cool
Georgia (Something Sensible): Or like a duck wearing dad shorts
Anna (Cadmium): Lmao it's heavy cotton
Anna (Cadmium): Not as fun
Georgia (Something Sensible): I lowkey wanted something see through to see all the caps
Anna (Cadmium): Mesh?
Anna (Cadmium): Do they have ziplocs in the wasteland
Anna (Cadmium): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): LOL no the bombs killed the ziploc industry
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye I’m gonna look at Jo Anns for some good mesh
Anna (Cadmium): U right it would be tupperware
Anna (Cadmium): 
Anna (Cadmium): Hhhhhhh so close to time to paint these
Anna (Cadmium): The top half is NOT accurate but I'm out of patience for one reference photo
Marisa (Mawisa): Illegally I’m 5’ but I suspect the law is wrong
Marisa (Mawisa): *DO NOT tell any cops I said that*
Anna (Cadmium): Illegally?
Marisa (Mawisa): Wait. 
Legally.
Anna (Cadmium): Also it's ok I got a great story to tell how my friend got her license without taking her road test
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol
Marisa (Mawisa): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): She can’t do that that’s illegal
Anna (Cadmium): The DMV in Florida when she moved there just. Gave her a full license 
She basically asked to switch her NY permit to a Florida permit. And they just gave her a license instead and she didn't realize
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Bet who ever messed that up and realized later was in big doo doo lol
Marisa (Mawisa): The driving test standards get lower and lower every year smh
Anna (Cadmium): Yet nO ONE ON LONG ISLAND CAN DRIVE
Tom (tomukuncosplay): I THINK HER RUBY BOOTS HAD HEELS
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Call-out post
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Wait how many Eric's am I, shit I don't remember are you 6 3 or 6 5
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 6'5"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He 6'5. Matt's the 6'3 one? I think Hal too?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Holy moly
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I didnt realize you were that tall
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Damn, we got a LOT of tol's LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I've been saying 6 2 this whole time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Boi
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Lmaooo
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Lol
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Lmao aight so I'm .8636 Eric's
Tom (tomukuncosplay): We're gonna call that unit *E*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I can't math, someone tell me how many Erik's I am XD
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Had to be itallic
Anna (Cadmium): I am 0.870 Erik tall
Tom (tomukuncosplay): You are 0.7922 Rebecca xD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The conversion rate is 77"/Erik
Jess (whoozica): I'm .81 repeating Erik's
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Magical number
Marisa (Mawisa): Ye my ruby boots have a little heel and are a bit platform-boot-y
Marisa (Mawisa): Culture shock in the next 24 hours: tall people
Japan has really tall people too but we don’t really interact
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I follow a Japanese yotuube couple and the husband is like 6'2? Which apparently is not common? They say he has to duck just to get around their house XD
Marisa (Mawisa): I’ve never really seen any tall girls but guys can get really tall
No wait there was a tall sailor uranus and she was like a living goddess
But guys can get pretty tall. Tall is if I reach their shoulder or lower.
Marisa (Mawisa): Yeah I remember now how last time I left Japan after 5~6 months, it was really jarring that everybody was bigger than me instead of roughly the same size, and I could understand everything so there was a flood of input. I can usually understand 95% of daily Japanese but I can easily tune it out. My ears pick up English anytime it’s used because it’s familiar and stands out. When I get back everything is gonna stand out for a bit aaaaaaa
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Aaaahh that's wierdddd
Tom (tomukuncosplay): But I get it
Erik (Red Riot Thot): wow my honeycolors already shipped. neat
Jess (whoozica): Me too! 🙌
Anna (Cadmium): I have been strongarmed into a present mic cosplay
Anna (Cadmium): why am i always a loud blonde
Evie (Katheryne Knight): We are all gonna get our contacts at the same time and then we need to do a fashion show XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok but you all have to take turns doing the david blaine magic face
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/surprised-stare-davidblaine-gif-4590627
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~specifically the parody tho~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): PFFFF
Erik (Red Riot Thot): i fucking love those videos
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *CHEESE-ITS! CHEESE-ITS! CHEESE-ITS!*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): gonna be honest i dont remember them enough to quote BUT my brother had a phase where he wanted to be a magician and for whatever reason he thought he HAD to make a "magic face" after every trick
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so.... naturally i would brutally make fun of him
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because he would do the face in the gif
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and call it the "magic matt"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTqsV3q7rRU&t=1s
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~he was also like 10, but still~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh excellent
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): procrastination fuel
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYxu_MQSTTY
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHbYTm8U1v8
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3ULeZViLA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh its all coming back to me now
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Holy shit XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'm five foot.. ace of clubs
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *(exasperated gasp)*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg i literally just got to that part as you sent that
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Honestly these videos are incredible. Every time I watch I try to figure out how they did them
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Either really good editing, or lots of clever tricks off camera
Erik (Red Riot Thot): or both
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "I was in dinosaur times"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also yea it seems like clever editing
Erik (Red Riot Thot): YOU SHRUNK MY HONDA YOU BITCH!
Jess (whoozica): does anyone do jewlery making and have 2 of these they could give me?
Jess (whoozica): i can only find them in 50 packs or 2 packs for like $12
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i will check when i get home, i might have some
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm pretty sure my mom has some. I can also check
Jess (whoozica): thanks guys! only thing is im likely not coming sunday with the snow so I might ask you to mail them to me? they are pretty light so they could prob pass in the mail?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye, theyd be fine in a regular envelope
Jess (whoozica): ok so story time: I cosplaying San from princess mononoke as katsu. Hot topic has has a earring and necklace set for her for like the past 6 months for like $12.50 or something. So im like "great ill just buy that when I cosplay her" SO I officially decide to cosplay her, go to buy the set and ts out of stock, i go to the mall, they dont have it. So RIP the only other one i can buy is $30 from etsy and i dont wanna take time risks so now ive gotta make it but its going to cost me more this way
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats such bad luck
Anna (Cadmium): i might
Jess (whoozica): I know right 😂  oh well if thats the worst thing that happens to me during con crunch ill be happy
Anna (Cadmium): actually have a necklace with claws on it
Jess (whoozica): 😮
Anna (Cadmium): or ill check the hot topic near me i gotta go to the mall anyways
Anna (Cadmium): but yea lemme check i swear i have some if not ill send you some of my fimo if you arent going to sk8
Erik (Red Riot Thot): At least they don't look like they'd be hard to make?
Jess (whoozica): im gonna take a crack at making beads with clay since i have that but if that doesnt work i will call you for sos
Jess (whoozica): na they are easy to make its more like everything i need to make it comes in bulk and i only need a few XD
Jess (whoozica): im thinking beeds might be cheaper in store than online and i could probably buy smaller quantities if i can find them
Anna (Cadmium): try with fimo cause u can get a small amount of that at once
Jess (whoozica): where can i get that 😮
Anna (Cadmium): michaels
Anna (Cadmium): its that oven bake clay stuff ppl make beads with
Anna (Cadmium): easy to work with and u can sand it when its baked too
Jess (whoozica): ooo! ok ill give that a try if what i have doesnt work
Erik (Red Riot Thot): model magic could probably work too and it'd be hella lightweight
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea i used model magic when i was san a few years ago
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): worked pretty well
Jess (whoozica): thanks guys!
Jamie (Jamie): My katsu rwby cosplay is literally gonna be me throwing summers tombstone at the photoshoot
Rebecca (madameterralupus): PLEASE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "this bitch empty YEET"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Can me, Matt and Erik borrow it for a shoot?? XDDD The completed team strq finallllyyy
Georgia (Something Sensible): I want summer in the “I survived bitch” meme
Jamie (Jamie): Yes you can xD if anyone wants to borrow the tombstone during katsu just ask and obvs make sure nothing happens to dead moms resting place lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌 Lmao <@!155492347122155520> and <@!386874959009415170>  ya'll down to do a small impromtu STRQ shoot on fri when we all strq?? :3
Matt (mattmyers25): Sure, I'm down
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee
Erik (Red Riot Thot): sure
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee! 😄
Jamie (Jamie): So glad my greatest and longest lasting rwby cosplay can still live on even if rwby leaves my lineup haha
Jamie (Jamie): ~~photoshoots tombstone in the gazebo~~
Matt (mattmyers25): Photoshoot as dead hughes in gazebo with tombstone
Jamie (Jamie): Do it lol
Anna (Cadmium): MY WIGS ARE AT MY HOUSE
Anna (Cadmium): YES
Anna (Cadmium): <@!155492347122155520>  ok so theres a place back home called 'heavens gate cemetary' but at the entrance theres no actual tombstones and honestly im dyign to take a photo and fade in some ghosts of dead characters just standing at the gaet
Matt (mattmyers25): You thinking what I'm thinking?
Anna (Cadmium): im thinking emotional pain yes
Matt (mattmyers25): Let's do it. To add feels, we should have someone cosplay his daughter grown up just standing there
Matt (mattmyers25): Crying
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wow okay... just hit me in the feels there man
Matt (mattmyers25): Where is the cemetary at?
Anna (Cadmium): .............dover NY.
Anna (Cadmium): 😅
Anna (Cadmium): might have to do it in layers and photoshop
Anna (Cadmium): im sure we can find something just as depressing closer to you lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just as depressing... lol
Anna (Cadmium): tried to get a google street view.... there isnt even one for that road lmao\
Matt (mattmyers25): Yes lol
Matt (mattmyers25): We can do a shoot at a church or chapel
Mark (Mad Doctor): I always thought Laurel Hill Cemetery in Philadelphia would be a great location for a shoot, and they're cool with unconventional cemetery use. I once went to a punk concert there
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh that's pretty
Matt (mattmyers25): <@289944569410224129> want to shoot here?
Anna (Cadmium): this would be incredibly depressing. im down
Jess (whoozica): that pic reminded me of goth uncle
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats qrow
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Yess XD
Anna (Cadmium): that dead looks like qrow
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~*Qrow?*~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lmao you right. It is Qrow
Matt (mattmyers25): Replace the guy with ruby on the mother tombstone
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Matt (mattmyers25): <@289944569410224129> if you want to do this, dm me. I'm down to do it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i sketched this last year
Anna (Cadmium): LITERALLY HOW
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mattt lemme shoot this with ya'll lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ang omg Leanna yesssss
Anna (Cadmium): lit ill message u when i dust off my copy of photoshop
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): me: about to leave work
-sees goth uncle-
me: i must draw in my last 2 mins of work time
Anna (Cadmium): Lianna how did you have that on hand
Mark (Mad Doctor): It's really close to the Japanese House where they hold Sakura Sunday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i had it from like a year ago xD i was PREPARED
Matt (mattmyers25): Guess I have another photo shoot idea. <@387456543421104150> you should be in the photo as well XD
Jess (whoozica): amazing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Leanna i always one step ahead of us lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <:blockyhands:484798627752181761>
Matt (mattmyers25): She has an arm up on us XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/mr-bean-rowan-atkinson-eyebrows-wiggle-raises-eyebrows-flirt-gif-4731328
