Erik (Red Riot Thot): I need to buy more bobbins so I don't have to keep wasting thread switching my colors...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh someone else has that problem too? XD
Jess (whoozica): Mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bernina makes a machine with a bobbin that's almost twice as large as normal and like. Goals. But. My wallet would KILL ME I cannot afford a Bernina
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My machine requires a certain type of bobbin and I have to see if they're readily available at Joann's
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Any sewing repair places near you? Might be a better bet
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's the SA156 bobbin. Joann's has them. Just gotta remember to buy some next time I go
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ...... How does one check their bobbin and needle types btw
Marisa (Mawisa): Check the manual or just use trial and error
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ^
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My manual says explicitly to use that certain type otherwise my machine won't work and could cause injury
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Needles I just look for the ones that say compatible with Brother machines
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~u assume this manual from 1994 lists that~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Wait shit it's in the least logical place I found a NUMBER
Anna (loud and likely blonde): No bobbin listed but. Needles found
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Also...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *progress*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Thou art conquering the tulle hell
Anna (loud and likely blonde): THIS BITCH DONE
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Ahhhh looks so good! 😍
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Noice!!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): THANK
Anna (loud and likely blonde): word of advice to others attempting. 
There is literally no way in the manga that thing stays on his face. Suggest elastic straps over back of head and top
Erik (Red Riot Thot): When you realize it's almost midnight and your sewwing machine is probably disturbing your parents trying to sleep so you resort to manually cranking your sewing machine to finish what you're working on
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm sorry I keep reacting F to your messages but like. 
Press f to pay respects
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *one (1) hand cramp later...*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that looks really good Erik! 👌
Georgia (Something Sensible): NICEEE
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/rwby/images/c/c2/Yang_concept_full_portrait.png/revision/latest?cb=20150918185912
Georgia (Something Sensible): wonder where blek got the idea...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657> Getting inspo from her gf
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My ode to bees
Georgia (Something Sensible): LMAO GOOD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahh yess!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's so cute
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just gotta make arm ribbons and paint the emblem on the jacket
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh noicuu1
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Looks great !
Georgia (Something Sensible): ya boi killin the zenkaicrunch
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The boots were an excellent choice  also
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fug i forgot to order prosaide and i have spirit gum but no remover
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): kind of relevant, but, do you need remover for prosaide?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also can you amazon prime it anna?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i.... think you can get it off with just water and soap? 
yea i just wish i had thrown it in my other 7 amazon orders lmfao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.glasseslit.com/proinfo?pid=2731&fbclid=iwar2axyaszde0vkxpoz9c0rmooqtsu4mfpl_u9o8azl10fjmrpih92m8zu3k omg these are cute i need. a character to buy these for
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): homestuck
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *no*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): listen i survived without ever homestuck cosplaying
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theres still time
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *no*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *u either get me as ur Adora or a homestuck*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *and i know u want an Adora*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): adora
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i didnt even read homestuck
Marisa (Mawisa): homestuck?
Marisa (Mawisa): pinged by homestuck
Marisa (Mawisa): bne group read of homestuck
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *leanna have i just been ASSUMING you've read homestuck what*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): how did you let me do this
Marisa (Mawisa): its a fair assumption
assume everyone has read homestuck until proven otherwise
that's how the us court system operates
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): doxx the homestucks!
Marisa (Mawisa): he's just jealous he hasn't read it yet
Anna (loud and likely blonde): to be fair im like. schrodingers homestuck. I read all of it but do i remember any of it? Questionable.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): to be fair. i wish i could be hella jeff bc that was the best thing to ever come out of homestuck
Marisa (Mawisa): do you remember why jade has narcolepsy
i remember there was a reason behind it but not why. and she lost it later in the series? i think? because condy or something was using her or idk
Jamie (Jamie): Main thing i remember clearly is being dissapointed by the ending cause...cop out and loose strings glaore
Marisa (Mawisa): yyeah that was rushed
and we still don't have the second chapter of the game
Marisa (Mawisa): i think the ending and the game got messed up because the kickstarter money was all stolen
Marisa (Mawisa): and caused hussie lots of stress
Jamie (Jamie): Oof didnt know it got stolen big yikes
Marisa (Mawisa): oh yeah!!
Marisa (Mawisa): that's why the game was YEARS late and only one part is out
Jamie (Jamie): That was hella lot of money too
Marisa (Mawisa): the people behind King's Quest were supposed to make the game, but they took it and used it towards a new king's quest instead while all they made for hussie was an empty room and some sprites.
Jamie (Jamie): Tell me he sued the hell out of them
Marisa (Mawisa): so hussie salvaged whatever money he could and learned how to make a video game himself, and with his most trusted people and WhatPumpkin's support they began making the game themselves
Marisa (Mawisa): i think they tried
Marisa (Mawisa): lemme find
Jamie (Jamie): I do recall now hearing he was doing it himself now that i think on it
Marisa (Mawisa): remember when the kickstarter became the #1 funded thing of all time because it reached $2.4 million
good times
Jamie (Jamie): Yea that was honestly amazing lol
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): <@289944569410224129> Those glasses are perfect for Wicke from Pokemon Sun and Moon.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): OH SHE CUTE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that is a tiddies out outfit though
Marisa (Mawisa): here's the original post that brought the scandal to light
https://web.archive.org/web/20150704220422/http://ipgd.tumblr.com/post/123230861032/im-sure-that-everyone-has-noticed-by-now-that-the
Marisa (Mawisa): oo i know someone who cosplays a perfect wicke i could ask her how she did her glasses if you're doin' wicke
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I have a very similar pair cuz I intend to cosplay her ~~still haven't done it yet 2 years later lmao~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~mood~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lol nah i dont need to make the glasses i just need mah prescription and like however much those cost. 
I need. to order red half frames. and. the site just HASNT RESTOCKED THEM
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Oof. That's rough buddy. But I know that feel
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U n me. cries in lack of vision
Marisa (Mawisa): if i remember correctly i think hussie was unable to sue them because of something in the contract between them, and the legal fees would eat up all the rest of the money that should've gone into the game, and the lawsuit would last years
Jamie (Jamie): Yikes that really sucks and prolly a good example of why you always read every bit of those sort of contracts
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yikes

Also I never finishes Homestuck. I got to where the Gigapause started and never picked it back up when it ended.
Jamie (Jamie): I forget when i dropped it but it was like a year after the end I was told it actually ended and decided to binge through what i had missed
Marisa (Mawisa): have you seen the game content? what's out so far is really good. it's just a shame it's taking so long.
Marisa (Mawisa): and all the fans left during the gigapause when the drama was happening
Marisa (Mawisa): i saw some hiveswap cosplayers at katsu tho!
Marisa (Mawisa): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAEs-NlcRtU
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I was excited for Hivestuck
Jamie (Jamie): <@301927856240459777> did i ever show you the nepeta video I did once?
Marisa (Mawisa): No you did not 👀
Jamie (Jamie): 😈
Jamie (Jamie): https://youtu.be/wfuvkzWhxmY
Jamie (Jamie): The comments on it give me life
Marisa (Mawisa): I SAVE TO WATCH IN A LITTLE BIT 👀
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Actual shorts for Tai!
Georgia (Something Sensible): Aight kids we got a rave Todo, though I still don’t know what shirt to wear
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): I have a red sports bra but Idk how much “ho” todoroki is
Jess (whoozica): I have blue tank top that color
Georgia (Something Sensible): Gasp
Georgia (Something Sensible): Is that too much blue then? Idk if I should be tryna split half red half blue as much as possible lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): do u have anything sparkly to wear
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Itll kinda look like his hero suit qhi h is a cute idea
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Which*
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ooooo you right Jess can you send me a pic when you have a chance?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): blue tank top. and . do you have like a pink or red shirt you could shred
Anna (loud and likely blonde): rave wear isn't normally 'clean'
Georgia (Something Sensible): Uhhhhh I could go to Micheals LOL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lmao get a neon pink shirt and shred it to be like a micro crop top
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and wear the blue tank top
Georgia (Something Sensible): Even if pink ain’t a todo color?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i feel like too much red would be overwhelming
Anna (loud and likely blonde): unless you wanted to do a white sihrt
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s a rave, no one is going to care.
Georgia (Something Sensible): White is possible 🤔
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Could do orange and shred it like flames
Anna (loud and likely blonde): omfg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Cut the bottom in flame shapes
Georgia (Something Sensible): If I had the willpower I would splice a tank top down the middle lmao
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think I’ll get a Micheals shirt and butcher it to wear over a tank
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~pack the red sports bra just in case~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): butcher it like this
Anna (loud and likely blonde): except more
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the other pic had too much tiddy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wait heres one
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Titeroki
Jess (whoozica): Oh it's just a blue camisole top
Anna (loud and likely blonde): do it like that kinda except if u get a larger shirt itll be cute and loose around the edges
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was thinkin the 80s look with the tank top and the off the shoulder shirt over it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Cuteee
Anna (loud and likely blonde): o yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mmmm yes excellent thank u friend
Georgia (Something Sensible): You are all rave gurus
Anna (loud and likely blonde): can we please do like. retro rwby btw
Anna (loud and likely blonde): speaking of 80s lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): my big is like. an EDMhead and a pro raver so like we have a fashion advice expert if need be
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i should honestly just consult her before making my rave outfits LMFAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I once had a pink lady neo cosplay in the works 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If we wanna do like... 50s Inspo rwby
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i have this adorably cute pink and floral past-knee length skirt (with pockets!!!!!) that could be like. A rlly cute nora skirt.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~holy fuck pls Grease RWBY~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): PLEASE
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i blame a guy whos doing greaser Sun for AB
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I had a Roman torchwick greaser idea drawn up too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But like basically I already have most of it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Leanna between you and BNHA my wallet is crying but like im making it into happy tears
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I made a huge curly lace front neo wig for it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wait like you already have
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Mhm
Anna (loud and likely blonde): biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch finish that lets go to a retro diner for pics
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The only part I didnt make yet was the pink coat
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'll do it o3o
Anna (loud and likely blonde): which character can we make end game sandy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Or I'll just buy one and embroider "femme fatales" on the back
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that sounds more doable
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea cause I'm lazy and have cosplan list that could wrap around me 80 times and kill me like a boa constrictor
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if that aint a mood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but also cause ppl sell pink ladies coats like that without the words
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.amazon.com/SOHO-GLAM-Classic-Bomber-Jacket/dp/B074P1J3Y9 or for $20
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sign me tf up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh. im looking at the coat and??? its just basically an Augusta 3100 coat
Anna (loud and likely blonde): with a zipper instead of buttons but like are you picky?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.augustasportswear.com/augusta-nylon-coach-s-jacket-lined-3100
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I wear a large for a less tight fit but like you would probs be able to do a medium or small
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oooh that could work
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I might end up doing a bomber though just cause I'd prob wear it outside cosplay xD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yea they also. really comfy. 
somethinggreek uses that jacket as the base for what ppl call line jackets 
~~most expensive piece of fuckin clothes i own stupid add ons made it a $150 jacket~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): they're actually really nice jackets lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Holy shit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yeah... adding letters and patches and all that jazz made it go from a fine, $24 jacket to a $150 monstrosity
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~fuck whoever gave me a pledge name with 7 letters~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): important: anyone know where i can get old, random band t shirts
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like im not after any specific bands i just need more shirts for mic
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Yooo game changer. Welovecolors just released a guide for what Mehron body paint colors match their tights.
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): https://www.welovecolors.com/buzz/2019/cosplay-guide-matching-we-love-colors-tights-to-mehron-body-paint
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Late to convo cause work buuuttt 
1. I kinda wanna do a rave BNHA now. XD wish u had my damn fem Bakugo wig lol.
2. 50's rwby??? Yo plz. Can I be greaser Blake? XD
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): POMPADOUR BLAKE? YES
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD
Jess (whoozica): Omg that's amazing about mehron and welovecolors
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): I know right? I've always been so intimidated by body paint, but this gives me   a bit more confidence I wouldn't fuck it up severely
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg I was right when I guessed the mehron for Starfire
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): Lucky guesses for the win
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Pinning that for reference bois
