Marisa (Mawisa): somebody hide me
witness protection
i saw some firetruck red plastic scissors in with a bunch of gluesticks and pens and stuff
thought they were normal scissors
started cutting paper with them
noticed they're Singer™ brand scissors
i immediately put them back but it's too late I committed the sin of using fabric scissors on paper someone please save me
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *after how many times you’ve called the cops on me for having a legal drink?*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 🚓
Marisa (Mawisa): but drinking's been illegal for nearly a century
Marisa (Mawisa): NO
Marisa (Mawisa): im like the only person my cousin hasn't given a get-out-of-jail free card pls spare me
Marisa (Mawisa): how funny would it be if i threw a party and then asked my cousin to arrest everyone. hilarious.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I found. An even better blue velvet dress for Weiss
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And a gray peacoat to complete my business fashion look for color factory
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'mma look fantastic
Marisa (Mawisa): i can't waaaait
Marisa (Mawisa): im gonna be lazy and just wear a black dress and my miku wig
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO do it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But also I'm buying tickets when I get my expense check this week.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So like. We solidly doing this
Marisa (Mawisa): oh wait i missed the color factory part lol
Marisa (Mawisa): i can't get to that but u better take lots of pics
Marisa (Mawisa): lots of COLORFUL pics
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO
Marisa (Mawisa): if u post something monochrome imma be so disappointed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Wait u wearing Miku to katsucon formal
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah that makes more sense lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I mean I'm Weiss so. It's in character
Marisa (Mawisa): [shows up as miku while literally everyone else is in rwby] "hey guys it's me miku"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): We accept u as you are
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But I'm also getting a Betsy Johnson dark blue velvet dress for formal weiss so like I gotta find my heels
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Couldn't find a white dress so
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Dark blue
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I've been looking at shinsou wigs STOP ME
Marisa (Mawisa): oh yeah it's still twintails day for a few more hours
post twintail cosplay pics
Marisa (Mawisa): https://twitter.com/gorilliooon/status/1091697601483726848?s=21
Rebecca (madameterralupus): When you realize 80% of your Katsu costumes don't have props and you're just like uhhh how do pose with out one XDD ~~I'm so used to carry one it's gonna be weird to not have one most of the time.~~
Marisa (Mawisa): Invisible prop
Georgia (Something Sensible): Even worse, you realize you have props for cosplays where the outfit isn’t finished
Georgia (Something Sensible): Wears normal clothes with a mega sword
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465> OOF
Jamie (Jamie): What does it mean for mental state when you tie off a string and then notice you never threaded it into a needle 😵
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm officially freaking out
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My Summer wig did not sit right on my head after styling so.i have to buy a new one and pray I don't fuck it up

I just want this shit to be done
Jess (whoozica): oh no! theres no way to salvage it?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Nope
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It was already cut and styled
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The way the bangs are doesn't help because they don't go to the right they go to the left but I thought I could force them over
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And it just looks trashy
Jess (whoozica): 😭  noooo! thats terrible can you maybe borrow one from someone?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I already got one off Amazon. The bangs go the right way and there is a lot to work with so I'm hoping that works for me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It comes Tuesday so in the meantime I'm going to get Winter done and finish up the costume alterations for Summer
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And my Cheongsam dress
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You need to cosplay Vernal.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): “RWBY characters named after seasons bingo”.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): XDDD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just cosplay all the RWBY characters names after the seasons
Mark (Mad Doctor): My antlers for the God of Light arrived. I'm not a happy deity. The model in the photo must have had a really tiny head
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Omg Lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Baby antlers
Mark (Mad Doctor): Doo Doo do doo-doo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): NOOOOO
Mark (Mad Doctor): You're supposed to say "nice rack"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH SHIT I HECKED UP
Mark (Mad Doctor): Apart from size, they're really cool. Shiny gold metal.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That is really cool, however.. they so tiny that I cant imagine theyd look good on anyone but an actual baby ??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Mark (Mad Doctor): Or a really sucky yellow god
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Jackalope god
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Side note any Disney ppl interested ?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Got the last 2 big things on my con crunch list done! Only 2 minor things left to do now. WOOOO!
Mark (Mad Doctor): That's a good feeling
Rebecca (madameterralupus): One of the minor things I might not even do cause fuck it XD No one notices the grey circle things on belt are missing anyways the last million times I wore Raven LOL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): She has gray circle things?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): EXACTLY XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMFAO ok but like. RLLY WHAT
Anna (loud and likely blonde): HoW did I never notice
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Grimm Yang is almost done I've just been procrastinating sewing this last thing and then I should. Probs find a way to attach the armor on top of my arm
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMFAO what is that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Raven. 
What is that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have them made just need to reattach clip to it cause they broke and wouldn't stay on at Chestnut Hill 🤷🏻‍♀️
Anna (loud and likely blonde): R I p
Anna (loud and likely blonde): High-key bringing a hot glue gun to katsu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Any clips I find are the same size I already have. And tbh too small sooo 🤷🏻‍♀️ meh. And lol. Actually the clip stayed on but the pin needle part is what broke... it broke off 😱 ~~before we even got to shooting. Broke as I put it on~~
Matt (mattmyers25): I can bring extra glue sticks for a hot glue gun if anyone needs them
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol if ya want. I plan to bring mine but it uses the tiny glue sticks
Jess (whoozica): <@386874959009415170>  what did you cover your metalic paint with for kirishima?
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm actually stressing a little because I'm planning on leaving my repair kit (hot glue, safety pins, Velcro tape, super glue, extra hardware, sharpie, mounting tape) in my room this Katsu. Given the elevators, that means it's 30 minutes away at all times...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Marisa (Mawisa): does anyone ever experience their props sweating? like my bracelets always sweat off the final coatings. is there any way to prevent that because it's gross and ruins part of the costume.
Marisa (Mawisa): on foam pieces
Jess (whoozica): Yes thanks Erik!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do they have a sealant on them?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Np
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah
Anna (loud and likely blonde): What sealant
Marisa (Mawisa): i mostly use modge podge (i've tried both spray and paste) so i figured it was that but then i'd also try regular spray paint sealant like for wood and stuff and it still comes off
Marisa (Mawisa): might just be the hot weather because it happens the most at summer cons but it's gross
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I don't like mod podge cause it comes off with water
Mark (Mad Doctor): Each coat of primer, paint, and sealant needs to be totally dry before you apply the next coat. Given the weather around here, that can be anywhere from 4 to 24 hours
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah i usually wait a day in between coats and then do 2-3 coats. should i use more.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I use flexbond or automotive enamel and mine don't sweat. Actually half the time I don't seal and I just leave the latex paint as the top layer
Marisa (Mawisa): oo i use acrylics and i'm afraid it'll rub off on my white gloves if i leave it as-is
do you think if i mix acrylic and latex it would help
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The one Erik just posted is very good
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Uhhhh. What brand is your acrylic paint
Marisa (Mawisa): whatever those cheap 90 cent bottles are at walmart/hobby lobby
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah ditch those
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Pls use. Artists loft at minimum
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Those paints are terrible and are made for basically only pourous surfaces
Marisa (Mawisa): hhhh so expensive
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Painting wood ? Sure. Painting something that can flex at ALL? you need like higher quality paint if u gonna make it last. Even gamblin is good. Artists loft is cheap but good. Liquitex is lofty but so good
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ok but like. U can add the shitty paint to the good paint to stretch it more
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah i've gotta be careful with the bracelets because they will crack eventually
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like Jake from vault tec says. You're paying for better pigments and binding agents and it's worth the investing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~srs like do you need yellow I'm up to my ears in yellow liquitex paint~~
Marisa (Mawisa): for small accessories like bracelets or necklaces or such i just remake them before each con
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~nah i need gold but thank u~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Hmmmmmmm would suggest a layer of good paint underneath them then
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So like a good black will make it last way longer
Marisa (Mawisa): i put modge podge under them just to prime the foam
Anna (loud and likely blonde): That's why it's sweating off
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have never had a good experience with modge podge primer
Marisa (Mawisa): <:rip:378273525804433408>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Sealant yes primer no
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ok, yellow paint is my bane. It aways lets the base color bleed through unless I lay a dozen coats down. Is liquitex any good?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ye. The cadmium light yellow isn't very opaque but mid and dark yellow is p good. I do put two coats on usually or if I want it to really pop I put a block of white down first
Anna (loud and likely blonde): My entire Athena pyrrha shield was just gray flexidip before I covered it in yellow paint by hand
Mark (Mad Doctor): Thanks. My miniatures display a glaring lack of yellow to date
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I hate yellow paint but. Apparently everything I pick needs yellow
Marisa (Mawisa): the yellow i have works really well, i only needed one coat of it over the gold
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Details on boot covers are DONE 

Head out to Joann's to get a zippers, a flower for Summers hair, rit dye, and maybe some muslin for mock ups and patterning
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause I gotta make Sypha for Zenkaikon
Jess (whoozica): I'm putting another coat or 2 or grey on magnhild and I out the wrong color on <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jess (whoozica): I forgot Tom bought dark grey at some point
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~its fine it adds depth of color~~
Jess (whoozica): It covered pretty easily thank God 😂
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I just remembered that I have one spot I missed with paint on Grimm Yang and. 
I don't remember my color mix
Jess (whoozica): Oh no
Georgia (Something Sensible): Good thing I did a test fit of my fallout before packing it for Katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): Huge rip in the armor
Jess (whoozica): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Jess (whoozica): Oh noes
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh shit... 😱
Jess (whoozica): 😱
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Too much Pyrrha gains.
Georgia (Something Sensible): TOO SWOL I have time to hot glue it right up, but that would’ve been bad if it went unspotted
