Erik (Red Riot Thot): Should I be extra and paint my gears with anodized paint?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): What is anodized
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Metallic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh, ok its "durable" metallic coating
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That shine might be too extreme for kiri, but I'm here for it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Extra is always great LmaO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I went with a Rustoleum metallic instead
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ye, that looks less extreme
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Good call
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah the other stuff is meant to go over chrome finishes
Georgia (Something Sensible): The sandpaper flew right off the bit on my dremmel
Georgia (Something Sensible): Soooo does that mean I need a more high quality dremmel?
Mark (Mad Doctor): That's the stuff I used for Iron Man
Evie (Katheryne Knight): How old is your dremmle?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Not old like probably a year
Anna (Cadmium): U might just need a new dremel head
Georgia (Something Sensible): I got a pretty cheap 15 dollar dremmel not gonna lie
Anna (Cadmium): Walmart?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Amazon 😎
Anna (Cadmium): Eh it's worth a try to replace the head
Anna (Cadmium): Ppl good with the fabric things.  Should I sew spandex with a serger
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it helps with stretch but spandex doesnt fray so you could just do a zigzag stitch
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I did my Kiri sleeves with a zigzag stitch and it was fine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): zigzag- quicker, less thread used

serger- slow, stronger hold, stops fraying
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Pain in the ass but that's more so the fabric
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): If the dremel head flew off that just means it wasn’t on tight enough. It loosens over time from dremeling a lot
Anna (Cadmium): Bless I just don't wanna screw up and have this tear mid con
Anna (Cadmium): And I have never spandexed
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): just make sure you give yourself enough seam allowance and dont sew too close to the edge otherwise you'll be fine
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://www.amazon.com/Sylvestidoso-Womens-Sleeveless-Pleated-Cocktail/dp/B01N4WWQC7/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1546629471&sr=8-2&keywords=purple+and+black+dress 
^ Dress I was looking at for Formal Blake

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07GRRH3X8/?coliid=I1F486OYMVH5VI&colid=3LEU8NVFUHTAR&psc=0&ref_=lv_ov_lig_dp_it
^ Dress I was looking at for Formal Shinoa
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Which ya'll like more??
Jess (whoozica): ooo both are nice
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): both are nice, but im a sucker for flapper dresses
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so i say the flapper one
Anna (Cadmium): I have never seen a green flapper dress that's gorgeous
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): My vote may not count but flapper dress all the way it looks really va va voom
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Would you be able to tell the punk Disney Princess by these patches????
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay but the see you in hell one is so fucking funny given the context
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Lol i thought so too 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And also those are great Lmao
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Thank yous!! Meg isn’t a super recognizable princess so I’m trying to put as many Easter eggs on this vest as I can
Anna (Cadmium): I feel with the hair it's more recognizable. Or put a Greek border on something if it is indeed megara
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I have a lot of greek elements planned!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): This is my “plan” for her
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): That looks amazing!
Anna (Cadmium): i love it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yo I love the skirt with the fishnets
Anna (Cadmium): however. i suggest if you gonna use greek letters for love as ' lambda omicron  upsilon epsilon'
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's a fucking Look™
Anna (Cadmium): actually would look better as something like. Γονε which does NOT spell love it actually spells like. Cone
Anna (Cadmium): skirt is gonna be badass
