Jamie (Jamie): Yea that looks awesome!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That looks amazing Evie! 😄
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thanks guys >\\\\\<
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay bad idea time

I wanna do Team CRME as KDA XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): +Neo
Erik (Red Riot Thot): New spaulder, new vambrace, new shirt 
Next is new spaulder harness, new vest, and *maybe* new bandana
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yasss! It's looking good so far! 😄
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thanks!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Very classy <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yooooooooo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You did amazing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That shine the collar and trim has really makes it pop
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And I'm hoping the blue contacts from Honeycolor get here soon. As of a week ago they were still in Malaysia and haven't had any updates since so probably being held up in customs again lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I love the shine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Once it's all done you should do a "glow up" side by side
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's a deeper burgundy than I would have liked (it looks more like his V3 model here) but I couldn't find anything that was more V4 color accurate and still have a contrasting texture
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I plan to!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): IT LOOKS SO GOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sometimes things look better when they're not 100%screen accurate
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And with the bandana, there's really no need to redo it other than I want a less bright red
Anna (Cadmium): Someone remind me to just. Use stencils next time
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oof
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Looks great though
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that looks awesome!
Anna (Cadmium): Thank. 
Girl on insta recommended a stencil tool to me so I'mma check it out lol
Anna (Cadmium): This is actually incredibly comfortable to wear
Anna (Cadmium): I say that before I put on the wig
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ANNA THAT LOOKS SO GOOD SO FAR
Anna (Cadmium): Thank. You will hella judge. My sleeve method
Anna (Cadmium): I literally just hacked off most of what I assume was a uniform shirt
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you are a CRAFTY BITCH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@184437198865563648> for the nier shoot do you guys want an Emil?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Like, just a head emil or OG Nier emil?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Og
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): With a staff and shit
Anna (Cadmium): I am a lazy crafty bitch
Anna (Cadmium): <@334090409389195266> what's the best way to add a comb clip to a wig
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hmmu. They can come (it's your friend right?) but I'd like to focus on the Nier automata part, especially since we have just an hour. I already want to do a lot with the 5 we have.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I should try and get more time in this shoot tbh~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Dad boots!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Alright, yea he was gonna be in it anyway and asked if you guys wanted one. But if we zone use him that's fine too xD
Anna (Cadmium): DAS BOOT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And anna I recommend these
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Hold on
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ye, he welcome to squad up. 👌
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Anna (Cadmium): Rip I have this
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm just worrying about the time already.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oof cut it into little ones
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Anna (Cadmium): I see. There's already like 3 I this wig I just want MORE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea put them around the front
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): And the sides
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If the back slides up put one there
Anna (Cadmium): Was gonna do the whole thing cause it's a ponytail
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'd still cut it up tbh its gonna be hard as fuck to get that on in one piece xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The comb
Anna (Cadmium): Kks
Anna (Cadmium): Just came up with a photoshoot idea but I need to sew a suit to do it
Anna (Cadmium): Yang in suit that's like half undone. In fancy chair. Blake in a very nice dress with leg slit draped over said suited yang
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yess
Anna (Cadmium): I may have picked a purple velvet plunging  neckline dress that mag already owns for this
Anna (Cadmium): And I might be planning a trip to the thrift store to find a suit to tailor
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): I keep looking at this and my mind goes "deflated all might?!"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i started making a list of stupid things ive done for cosplay and im realizing ive done some DUMB shit~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): the my hero panel i helped submit got rejected
Georgia (Something Sensible): _whats everyone doing saturday of zenkaikon_
Matt (mattmyers25): Idk
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~prob rwby~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Possibly Blake or Edward
Matt (mattmyers25): Is there a phone booth near zenkai?
Georgia (Something Sensible): not that i know if
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't think so
Georgia (Something Sensible): tho lancaster is so cute i wouldnt be surprised
Matt (mattmyers25): Darn. There goes my idea for hughes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Don't remember one walking around.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also Georgia: imma keep you updated on Persephone. I may not be able to afford it cause Katsu is costing more than I thought 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hopefully I can though. Will know after Katsu probs lol
Anna (Cadmium): ~~Come up to toracon with me instead of zenkai~~ lmao dont its gonna be brick af probs
Georgia (Something Sensible): honestly rebecca im just gonna get yellow paint, use a yellow wig, and wrap myself in a light yellow fabric for a toga
Matt (mattmyers25): <@289944569410224129> I still want to do this hughes phones
Marisa (Mawisa): *everybody go to zenkaikon or else i'm gonna angrily glare at ur username for like 5 minutes*
Georgia (Something Sensible): i was gonna go the traditional greek rather than a canonical outfit
Matt (mattmyers25): Photos
Anna (Cadmium): <@!155492347122155520>  def. 
also. 
i can probs pull off envy if you give me some time
Anna (Cadmium): or rather whats her face as envy
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i cant go to zenkai~~
Marisa (Mawisa): brb putting in eye drops for this task i'm about to do
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!245270932602486784> Ohhh okay lol. I shall see. Depends on what happens fund wise after Katsu. If nto for Zenkai, deff will plan for another time~
Georgia (Something Sensible): i gotta do _the shoulder pat_
Georgia (Something Sensible): but ye i gotchu
Georgia (Something Sensible): i think im bumping my zenkai plans to be hera, probably two things saturday, and spidergwen sunday
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So far I just have Edward, Blake and maaayybbe Persephone. If Persephone doesnt happen idk what I'll wear
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): edward cullen
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ill be jacob
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Tbh I used to wanna cosplay Bella years ago >.>~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): can i be the cactus that bella gets in the beginning
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pffttt
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I KNOW WHERE A PHONEBOOTH IN LANCASTER CAN BE FOUND
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wheremst?
Georgia (Something Sensible): _that is  very specific information to know_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I need to get pics of Matt being dead LL
Erik (Red Riot Thot): DJs diner on Old Philly Pike. Literally right up the road from you
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔 Lol they have a phone booth??
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's decorative, but yeah
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Interesting. I shall look into this.Thank!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So does anyone have a serger and know it's uses? I've been planning on getting one for a while and I haven't used one since college.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I know it's wonderful for getting rid if raw edges on woven fabris and stuff like that.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I have one
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's not necessary, but it's nice to have
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If you see a lot of stretch fabric it's worth it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sew*
