you want fucking rwby chibi?: aaaaaaa ty!!! ive also got the formal pants done now (besides the "rips"/holes again) !! but no pic bc im fool
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Anyone else going to the rwby pj party?
Matt (mattmyers25): I could go as qrow and be passed out in the corner
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): probably yeah.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Meeeee
you want fucking rwby chibi?: when that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEEEEE GOOD I missed 90% of it last year
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have a shirt for Weiss that says Chill Out on it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Do I wear the Zwei slippers with it tho
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Weiss loves zwei
Marisa (Mawisa): Do I do ruby or neon
Marisa (Mawisa): or blek
Anna (loud and likely blonde): NEON
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I love that cat girl
Jess (whoozica): My dumb ass bough men's size 8-12 shoe inserts
Jess (whoozica): Cuz them down but damn 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I plan to go. Unsure if will do Blake or Raven though lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): Imma go as Pyrrha
Georgia (Something Sensible): _there will be no death at this sleepover_
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also, first layer of weathering:
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh noice!
you want fucking rwby chibi?: hey g are u gonna b home tomorrow?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye for at least a bit
Georgia (Something Sensible): Definitely til like 2
Georgia (Something Sensible): Then I gotta go back to colleg to sew
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Eww college~~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: can i come over 2 use yr heat gun mayhaps
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *one wig wrangled*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I need friends nearby to convince me to finish this shit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *TWO WIGS WRANGLED*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ONE FINAL SMALL ACCESSORY IS ALL THATS STANDING BETWEEN ME AND COMPLETION
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Well. And packing
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye I’m just painting so I don’t need it
you want fucking rwby chibi?: is like, 11/noon ok?
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeye
you want fucking rwby chibi?: \o7
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): MAKIN A BOOB WINDOW
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Peek a boob
Chris Onyx: 
you want fucking rwby chibi?: <@245270932602486784> turns out my dad has a heat gun so 0:
you want fucking rwby chibi?: makin claws
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 
you want fucking rwby chibi?: it bunches up a bit by the crotch and im. not entirely sure how to fix it but
you want fucking rwby chibi?: \o7
Marisa (Mawisa): you look like a 90s jazzercize commercial 👍
Marisa (Mawisa): IS THAT A DAB IN LETTER FORM
you want fucking rwby chibi?: \:D
Marisa (Mawisa): YOU JUST CHANGED MY LIFE
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yayaya!!
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i still gotta take the sleeves off the shirt and do the red part, n then cut the holes on the pants but aside from that. im cat
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 😸😽
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YAAAAAAAAASSS
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Finishes boob window!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Hot damn 👌
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am now very sad bc I realised if I had planned ahead more I could have made a splicer and worn it to the gatsby party but instead I am a sad office worker
Georgia (Something Sensible): I mean theoretically you could just bloody a mask and some thrift shop clothes and call it a day
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yea LMAO I mean I don't get out of work till 5:30
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And then have a 5 hour drive
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Another round of paint, I gotta fix that weird spot
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also... I didn’t think about carrying this around for like, hours
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof yeaa that a big one to carry around lol. But it looks hella dope~
Georgia (Something Sensible): I can’t just magnetize this one to my back LOL
Anna (loud and likely blonde): This is why Noah needs to come to cons. Boyfriends who don't cosplay get made into prop carriers
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The lion head looks dope
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GEORGIAAAA THAT LOOKS AMAZING
Mark (Mad Doctor): Wicked cool blade
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): BEASTLORD IS DONE
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also, it’s photos like this that really remind me how important weathering is
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Look at that absolute unit
Georgia (Something Sensible): I had to murder a whole boi for this
Georgia (Something Sensible): Press F to pay respects
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
