Matt (mattmyers25): 
Matt (mattmyers25): <@289944569410224129> this is what it looks like
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh shit right you needed a new string for that right??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I might have black leather string at home that could work. We can cut it to length when ya come over for wig styling
Matt (mattmyers25): We could do that
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): IM SQEALING IN IM AO READY FOR THIS DARLING GROUP IT CAME OUT AO WRLL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THAT LOOKS SO PERFECT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GOOD JOB
Georgia (Something Sensible): wow what a perfect fit, awesome job!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): THANKS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And there's enough gap in the front that I can stick my phone in it 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): B L E S S🙌🏻🙌🏻
Mark (Mad Doctor): Looks good. I like how the beveled bit below your ribcage came out
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Right? I can't believe it actually worked how I wanted it to
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Damn that's fire
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Fucking hellllllllll I hate this
Georgia (Something Sensible): HORNZ
Anna (loud and likely blonde): They still gonna have to be stuck to my forehead but now the weight is on the wig not the glue
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahhh everyone cosplay progress is awesome looking tonight!! Great work all!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Now Erik don't get ripped between now and katsu or it won't fit 

Looks flipping awesomeeeeeeee
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U gotta teach me the secret to the bevel tho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I think. I finished Grimm Yang. 
I don't know what to do with this now
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Idk If I like the white lipstick
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yooo you look hella awesome though!!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): DO BLACK LIPSTICK
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sultry it up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I only have KVD and I hate her
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Looks fucking bad ass though
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Hmmmmmmm. I have blood red too
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Thank u all
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OOO TRY RED
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I am. 
Confused why this paint is still rubbing onto things. But. Won't fucking come ofd
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I took. It off cause I need shower lmao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I will try red next time cause it's like BLOOD RED
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I vote for some Queen of Naboo lipstick
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Mix a few of them color
Anna (loud and likely blonde): What
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol that would just probs make brown
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Well not mix
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also jsut be a to of caked on lipstick and eeewww
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Like uhhhh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like split? Top one color bottom another?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Kim possible lipstick
Rebecca (madameterralupus): YES
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): This
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh shit wait that's cool
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Black on top. White on bottom.. might actually be cool
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And ooohhh the Amidala~
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Yeeeee
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Swatchy some of my reds
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh that really dark one
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Anna's murdering people for her lips of Grimm~~ <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That looks like dried blood
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's like more blue idk
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The one that's like. Bottom. Right is called unicorn blood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That ones niceee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Unicorn blood omg
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I was wearing Drug Lord as the white bur
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But. I kinda. Want red
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But also idk if it'll rub on my teefies
Anna (loud and likely blonde): WHY AM I INDECISIVE. 
Oh wait it's liquid lip I'll just do red
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *Drug lord*... That's what its called?? XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah lmfao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Jeffree Star lipsticks. Don't move.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Not an inch
Anna (loud and likely blonde): He's also got Dirty Money
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And Blow pony
Rebecca (madameterralupus): These names XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have like. Twenty Kat von d lipsticks for how much I hate her. But. Marshalls sales
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Valid lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I dont buy star brand name make ups cause they pricey nor do I really care for them but if they on sale then yeaaa XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Why not XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I got rlly deep in makeup tbh
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So deep I can tell you what's a better value just walking into Sephora and what's better for what skin
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And what you should actually wait for sales in and what doesn't go on sale
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like. REALLY DEEP
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao I need to go makeup shopping with you someday then XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I just go to target for all my ish XD Cause I'm cheap, and no next to nothing lol~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Can we all go makeup shopping with anna
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Because I need help lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Girls trip make up shopping? OwO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEEEE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): *slams money down* make me pretty
Rebecca (madameterralupus): A big ass mood XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): _slams down monopoly money in a CVS_ make me pretty
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I actually really like NYX and I realized CVS has a good bit of that brand so I may go there this weekend and get some stuff for katsu OwO~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Honestly like. CVS has good stuff. 
But Ulta is the next step up Sephora is sometimes too pricy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *leggo*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I'm gonna head to CVS this weekend and grab new eyeliner and stuff
Jess (whoozica): Can they foundation match you at Ulta? Tom needs a heavy coverage foundation for stubble and shit but I can't foundation match him for the life of me
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ye
Anna (loud and likely blonde): However. 
Look up some drag tutorials and you'll see they use like. Orange concealer on the 5'o clock shadow
Anna (loud and likely blonde): If it's dark. 
And then you don't need as full coverage a foundation. 

They also have testers out so he can patch test it on his neck or so to see if his skin is ok with it and if his neck is good. 

Otherwise swing by Sephora and ask them to color match and if they can give you samples of it.
Jess (whoozica): Yea we tried derma blend I think? We tested out like 6 shades but no emayched him exctly
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I should get some orange conceler since I'm going to try covering Chris's brows again
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wet n wild smells like paint thinner but works amazingly
Anna (loud and likely blonde): orange concealer basically then set with powder and then do the rest of the face
Jess (whoozica): I'm afraid to use it on him since his sister is allergic. He has nyx right now but it's too dark
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Anna (loud and likely blonde): he is sheet o paper pale like me right or what is his undertone
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is he pink, yellow, or olive
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sheet of paper pale XD
Jess (whoozica): I don't know 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I like that description
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lemme stalk some photo
Jess (whoozica): He's not super pale
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i wanna. say hes warm undertone
Anna (loud and likely blonde): after stalking his instagram
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Maybelline fit me matte and poreless is a good foundation
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if you get color matched in one brand. Temptalia has a chart i think that cross compares across brands for the same tone
Anna (loud and likely blonde): https://www.temptalia.com/foundation-matrix/
Jess (whoozica): Oh nice! Yea I wanna say warm too. He tans like instantly in the summer but takes awhile to burn
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk how ppl get actual tones. but if he leans towards yellow and not pink, hes warm
Jess (whoozica): Ooo ok pink is cool?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yea
Anna (loud and likely blonde): theres like. cool, warm, neutral, and olive
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk how any of it really works
Jess (whoozica): Lol me neither 😂
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i dead use a mix of 2 fenty foundations depending on the season~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like. was not cheap. but my face looks great
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!351471675843411978> you want me to ping Katy?
Jess (whoozica): Nah I mean it's more trial and error than anything
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): judging by her gold card membership to sephora I'm sure she's done plenty of that.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *who is katy i think i need to befriend her*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~side note its Rouge~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): My sister. not a nerd.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we can convert her with the power of makeup
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): HA
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): No.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): sad
Anna (loud and likely blonde): everyone should be able to experience the joy of being a nerd
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sadly some do not
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): She can. Just not her thing.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): then remind me to send you my huge sephora/ulta/mac discount coupons for her cause i never use em
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~do i try on my fashionable weiss tonight my room is a mess~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): yolo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oki i will after my eye doc appt
Anna (loud and likely blonde): provided that i can see enough to put it on
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!334090409389195266>  why have you not recreated this vine yet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeIG76cghJQ
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Katsu... needs to happen XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): "Say Katsucon 2019! - "
"IMAGIRAFFE" as leanna ~yeets~runs across the screen
Rebecca (madameterralupus): PLEASE XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the bne instagram acct is just vine recreations
Evie (Katheryne Knight): TikTok memes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): rebecca mans the tiktok bc she seems to be the only one who understands it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Lol... I do? XD~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I'm not as good as most but I know basics.. lol~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I made a funny one with Chris
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I've never seen a man's soul crushed more than that night
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I wanna do something cute with weiss if i can like. see tonight but my rooms lighting is trash
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol that one w/ Chris's was great xDD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): He was just trying to 3D print a shoulder piece
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need this vid now pls
Evie (Katheryne Knight): http://vm.tiktok.com/eNmNFr/
Anna (loud and likely blonde): plastique vomit
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It spagett
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u should re-dub that as "in the arms of the angels" by sarah mc-whatever her name is
Marisa (Mawisa): Mc hammer
Anna (loud and likely blonde): let the bodies hit the floor
Marisa (Mawisa): That’s what happens when the angels let go of whatever’s in their arms
Matt (mattmyers25): No, use my heart will go on from titanic
Jamie (Jamie): So I figured out who i can cosplay with the dress i got: formal CC 👌
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Who's cc
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~quick delete that before Tom logs on~~
Marisa (Mawisa): how many stages of grief are there
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Mawisa): i need to put the appropriate number of emoji
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Jamie (Jamie): Basically a green haired babe
Jamie (Jamie): Who survives only on pizza nothing else
