Anna (loud and likely blonde): Time to add all of these 100 giant metal spikes to this jacket bois
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I may have made an error and now my jacket weighs a ton
Chris Onyx: RIP
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Well. Gives me reason for mic to be thicc he gotta hold up all this weight all the time
Chris Onyx: Constant workout tho
Chris Onyx: Gettin swole
Marisa (Mawisa): is it still heavy when you put it on? usually the weight distribution makes it not as heavy as picking it up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It was a pretty heavy jacket to start rip
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah it's. Uh. Noticeable
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Well. No reason to not keep adding spikes at this point I've committed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Like
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The aesthetic is pleasing. The fact that I forgot interfacing is not
Marisa (Mawisa): mic is like rock lee, he gets exponentially stronger and faster when he takes off his weights
Anna (loud and likely blonde): They made him stand still during the final exam cause he was still to OP even with weights
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But also like thanks random person like twelve years ago who bought me an awl and punch assuming I would use it for scrapbook stuffs. I finally am using it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): This is no longer accurate and purely self indulgence
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Do I got enough pointy bois
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Not accurate bc apparently there's a padded lining
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Many pointy bois
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And I cannot get the screws through it so I said fuck it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Okay so my new bottoms for Season 1 Blake are coming tomorrow. I need to eventually attach zippers to the front for the design she has going on... What would ya'll recommend to attach them with cause I can't sew, and don't really want to use hot glue lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I know E6000 glue works too but I dislike that glue XD Is there any other kind that works?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fabric glue?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like if you're just attaching a nonfunctioning zipper for the aesthetic, fabric glue should work
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was wondering on that but wasn't sure if it'd stick well enough 😮 It's deff gonna be nonfunctioning. Just for looks
I'll get some ~~if don't have any and try.~~ Thanks!!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It works pretty well. I used it to hem a t-shirt where I cut the sleeves off. Holds really well
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👌 Ohh okay! I'll give it a shot. Thanks!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You can use contact cement also
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): If you're worried about it peeling off I'd recommend going straight for contact cement
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Can that be washed? 😮
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Pretty sure
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Havent tried to wash it though so maybe someone else can tell us xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I may start with what Erik suggested and if it fails them try that lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thanks for the suggestions ya'll! ❤
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The problem with contact cement though is that it doesn't dry clear so if you're applying it to white shorts, you're going to get yellowish blobs if it bleeds through
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof yeaaa didn't think of that >.<
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oooooo rip idk why i was thinking her shorts are black
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nvm, i take back what i said
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And just general statement while I'm thinking about gluing things to fabric, be careful if using super glue on fabric because there's certain types of super glues that actually react with fabric (cotton and wool are the ones I'm currently aware of) and can catch fire, so.... be careful
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~im sorry what ive been in danger of accidentally setting my stuff on FIRE~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): also imma be that person to say..... bc of its location its probs better to sew it bc walking/sitting will cause it to bunch and glue might not hold
Anna (loud and likely blonde): apparently they make. clear contact cement now. I have just learned of its existence
Erik (Red Riot Thot): http://www.todayifoundout.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/super-glue-fire-starter.jpg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but yeah I learned that from a previous job because we had cotton rags to wipe down our stations and apparently one time (before I was there) someone got superglue (specifically Loctite 401) on it and it started smoking
Anna (loud and likely blonde): thats mildly terrifying but also im now remembering superglue does generate heat when it dries normally so it makes sense it could catch fire
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that must have been. scary
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh yikes. Well deff not using super glue but thanks for the info. That's terrifying 😱
Anna (loud and likely blonde): although idk what wool theyre using, steel wool i guess? Cause sheep wool doesnt burn
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it just kinda. smolders
Jess (whoozica): oh yea it can get hot af i've dripped supper glue on my pants and burned myself
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OwO I think Matt just agreed to letting me make him an Alphonse cosplay! ~~And yes the suit of armor version lol.~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): this is excellent. 
~~i think i convinced mag to genderbend Roy or just deal with that wig but like she short so this gon be wild~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Will making this kill me? Most likely. But dammit I always wanted an Al to my Ed and why not have my basically bro be it! 
~~And oohh yes excellent!!~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): muahahahahhahah ill help u foam
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): bc i have always wanted to make Al but like i cannot commit to wearing him thats a LOT.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He said "do it". I am holding him to this now Mwhahaha! No backing out now Matthew. That's enough confirmation for me
Anna (loud and likely blonde): be like *Ok please sign here, here, and here*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yea. Those who cane wear him... damn. I praise ye cause that's a lot lol.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u gotta like. fake where the center of gravity is and make the eye holes really where the helmet sits on the neck part and the helmet kinda sits like a hat not a real helmet
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee. It's gonna be a challenge. I figure it'll prob be one of those costumes we work on every once in a while when we hang w/ no due date. So we can have room to fix errors since first time doing soemthing like this
Anna (loud and likely blonde): FMA group just casually being worked on for 3 years
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeesss
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~im not being winry im not buying another goddamn blonde wig~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XDD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): .....i was about to say ill be Olivier. 
shes. also blonde.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): just shoot me instead
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO. That she is XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *the other alternative is riza why am i like this*
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Olivier is bae
Anna (loud and likely blonde): olivier can step on me and id say thank you
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Olivier and Riza both can step on me. God I love those girls so damn much
Jamie (Jamie): i mean if you really want to avoid the blondes then dreads of the master who's name i cant remember but i bet someone else does
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Izumi
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Nah i wouldnt. be comfortable doing dreads as a white person
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but also like u gotta do mini braids ur whole head
Anna (loud and likely blonde): thats a lot
Rebecca (madameterralupus): There's also Lan Fan, Gracia Hughes, Trisha Elric,and Mei whomst aren't blonde lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): omfg lan fan. i cried. i love her
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~but also Riza~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol I want to do Izumi so badly but I can never find a good wig for her ~~cause don't braid myself~~ D: So she'll just live as a plan forever...
Jamie (Jamie): dead moms, is it bad i still wanna be all the dead moms?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): no
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh yea there's also Lust 😛
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the memes call for it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): nah i aint got enough tiddy for lust
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And Jamie plz. Be my dead mom.
Jamie (Jamie): like suddenly all my wigs are styled of loose ponytails hanging over shoulders
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~the very questionable Envy is possible~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i need abs
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ill be palm tree head its fine
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think Erik said he wanted to do Hohenheim XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And omfg yes Envy! I love him so damn much! He's been on my list for yeaaarsss. ~~One day I'll be him and kill matt in a photo shoot as Hughes. RIP~~
Jamie (Jamie): but just..let me be dead and make people sad its one of my goals as a cosplayer
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol. It really is at this point XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Do the deranged version of when we tried to bring you back too XD~~
Jamie (Jamie): ~~is a dead mom and carries dog plush around with a wig on it~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Jamie (Jamie): i'd do it too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I know you would XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is that not what cosplay is for. emotional responses from ppl
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes. It totally is.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): rebecca if i pull off that weird ass wig. u can borrow. and kill matt
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~its gonna be foam heads up~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I keep saying if I can figure out puppetry imma make a big ole Nina puppet for my Ed... >.>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): just hire a furry
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *I MEAN ITS THE EASIEST WAY*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): > Me: Decides to do a fursuit
> But makes it fucking Nina...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i kinda wanna do Fury but like. idk if ppl would recognize even with the uniform
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Look... if I ever did a fursuit... that's what it'd be. Fucking Nina from FMA. Cause that's just how I be XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And OwO fury~!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like. not a furry but
Anna (loud and likely blonde): makes a nina fursuit
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i just realized my glasses are Kain Fuery's glasses so~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mustang's team when <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hes so loveable like.
Jamie (Jamie): ~~i really wanted to do a quad suit once upon a time cause damn they look cool~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): mustang's team when i convince mag to wear roy mustang's wig
Anna (loud and likely blonde): cause she hates wigs but like
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its short it wont tangle
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee. She got this <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~omfg she doesnt even need colored contacts cause shes got black eyes and is in fact partially chinese so like. basically we just need to buy the uniforms~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yasss 👏
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): http://www.pjtra.com/t/8-10134-163529-120793?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nordstromrack.com%2Fevents%2F286147&sid=kinjadeals-
Georgia (Something Sensible): urban decay also doesnt test on animals
Georgia (Something Sensible): in case that was relevant to anyone
Georgia (Something Sensible): i dont use urban decay but my VERY animal-conscious friend montana does
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There should be a law against two people whose names appear on license plates being friends.
Georgia (Something Sensible): ;3c
Chris Onyx: How do you do the crossed out text thing
Chris Onyx: I wanna make a yoke
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): `~~`
Georgia (Something Sensible): you put two "~" symbols before and after what you say
Chris Onyx: ~~It's literally Project Freelancer~~
Chris Onyx: Thank youuu owo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): careful with nordstrom rack usually when u get stuff like makeup its at the end of its shelf life
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Urban Decay is great
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Agreed their setting spray is life
Erik (Red Riot Thot): OwO might be getting new contacts in the mail today?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oooo what color
Anna (loud and likely blonde): or are these like normie vision contacts
Erik (Red Riot Thot): blue and yellow
Erik (Red Riot Thot): for Tai and Blake
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 3rd attempt at Tai
Erik (Red Riot Thot): can't wait to be disappointed again 🙃
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but I got ones that lots of people were recommending for dark eyes so I'm hopeful
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Y E E T*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~that awkward moment when they're actually slightly too light instead...~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): are they? def wouldn't have noticed. However. I am. slightly unsettled bc you look like a completely different person with blue eyes and no glasses. 
Whomst are you and where is the real erik
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah I'm just being nitpicky lol. Tai's eyes are like a deep blue
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But these are way better than the shite I got before
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Then there's these
Anna (loud and likely blonde): those r lit
