Anna (loud and likely blonde): I think ???? I succeeded in getting a color I like for Shinsou??
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yooo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That looks so good
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's like. Weirdly streaky
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But I like it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Perfect color at least from the photo
Anna (loud and likely blonde): THANK WIG MOM
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YOU HAVE RECEIVED BLESSING
Anna (loud and likely blonde): AAAAAA
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Srs I'm annoyed I did it all in marker didn't like and just did the acrylic ink and isopropyl alchohol method instead
Anna (loud and likely blonde): TIME TO STYLE A BITCH
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh that looks really good Anna!!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://shopminter.com/collections/home-and-kitchen/products/portable-electric-handheld-sewing-machine
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So this is a thing? Not sure how well it would actually work but like, the concept is neato
Marisa (Mawisa): oh we have a bunch of those!! they're kind of noisy and can be finnicky but they're good in a pinch or for hems and straight lines
Marisa (Mawisa): the noise they make rivals a full size sewing machine
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I feel there should be ones specifically for eyelets or fancy buttonholes like that
Marisa (Mawisa): one that specifically embroiders the word swag and does nothing else pls
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I nearly erased that word from my memory how dare you
Marisa (Mawisa): T h e G a m e
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i need to do meme ozma  with "i can't be killed shirt" and "god won't let me die" booty shorts
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omggg plz
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ....i might actually try to pull that together for zenkai LMAO
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'll do Bryan from Starbucks with "daddy" booty shorts
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): will you actually because i seriously will go out and get booty shorts for this
Erik (Red Riot Thot): probably not lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): looked up "daddy shorts" on Amazon and.... it's not what I had in mind xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Erik: "These aren't cargo shorts"*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yes! More people to meme with!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ....so
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what if i make ozmas cape reversible
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and on one side it has his regular design
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and on the inside its  "god won't let me die" bedazzled
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes. ok. I just sold myself on it.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): * you just don't want one to visible while you're using the other
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea, ill be careful
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): with placement
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so prob up by the torso
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or shoulders
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so if i wanna pose with flowy cape it wont show
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but when i flip it completely it'll be very visible
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Plz. Sounds like a lovely plan lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😤 I have to paint Blake's damn symbol... *again*... I am so tired of painting this fucking symbol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): _- Kali Belladonna, in the middle of the night as her little girl sleeps in the other room_
Anna (loud and likely blonde): tryna figure out who Meaghan (troy) can be from BNHA shes like. i wish i didnt look bad as a blonde i wanna be explosion boy. and im like. be tokoyami we're genderbending everyone. 
Shes like. I dont wanna suffer in bird head. 
Ah. The new ppl to cosplay. I remember when i didnt wear uncomfortable things. Good times
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~side note someone kick me in the ass to do dream cosplay #2 for ANYC~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh look i may. have gotten us a Jirou
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): What’s #2?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Dr Black Jack from that old ass manga/anime
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Jirou is a pretty good easy cosplay. Plus she's a cool character
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~when she gets screen time~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~well lets hope they animate that manga arc then cause i love her~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but also like. that means ill be carrying a cosplay repair kit as dr black jack so i can tape my friends back together
Anna (loud and likely blonde): <@!301927856240459777> yo i got another small delightful child for u to dress as
Marisa (Mawisa): i been pinged
Marisa (Mawisa): :0
Marisa (Mawisa): time to get a facelift and several cosmetic surgeries to be a child
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 
Marisa (Mawisa): OwO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): nah u just need undereye concealer and sugar
Anna (loud and likely blonde): instant child
Anna (loud and likely blonde): but like lotta sugar
Marisa (Mawisa): pinoko uwu
Marisa (Mawisa): it's ok i made brownies for dinner last night and that's all i've eaten today also
Marisa (Mawisa): this gonna be us
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *lit*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LEGGO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *crap how am i gon get that wig right*
Marisa (Mawisa): the power of anime
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh right amazon. thats what u mean right
Marisa (Mawisa): get a monokuma wig
Anna (loud and likely blonde): too much black
Anna (loud and likely blonde): although like tbh that would be great secretly wearing murderbear wig
Marisa (Mawisa): ooooooooo u right
Anna (loud and likely blonde): might just. do the weird. method where u dye wig but cut a section of it out and then re-sew
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!245270932602486784> How fast does the Five Wits ship? I'm buying a Deku wig  for Chris
Marisa (Mawisa): in my experience with them you get it within a week
Marisa (Mawisa): helps that they're local
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay cause I need i by Zenkai in case we decide we want to do Ochako and Deku Saturday night.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Whats the difference between priority mail and priority mail express?
Marisa (Mawisa): express is faster
Marisa (Mawisa): nyoom
Evie (Katheryne Knight): it's 26 bucks extra though ugh.
Marisa (Mawisa): you should definitely get it before zenkaikon without express
