Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I didn't realize Hal wanted to die that bad
Bill: He has some grounds.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): *Some*
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It's so minor, who cares
Bill: True true.
Bill: I didn't need to say anything, but he's trying to dig Georgia and Papa Wolf ain't having that.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah, probably also because I'm sure he's steamed at Ethan cuz of the whole Meg argument
Bill: I shouldn't have said anything, I don't need to battle Hal right now.
Bill: I don't want to play politics right now...
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Hmm, what Meghan said is very rude. Everyone should just drop it, they are making fools out of themselves.
Bill: ye, Meg feels attacked on behalf of Hal.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): They wouldn't be so adamant if it was someone else 😔
Bill: she's completely in the wrong though, because the only thing Georgia did publically is say to report the account.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Wouldn't be surprised if one day they up and leave bne
Bill: Hopefully. Hal owns the server though.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): He'll hand it off again
Bill: I need to push back don't I. Can't have my reputation tanished.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Nah
Bill: It's delicate though, the kind of thing that makes me nervous.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It IS delicate, just leave it
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Someone else will say something if they have an opinion
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Leave her rudeass response as the last thing so they have to stare at it
Bill: I suppose... Silence makes me feel like I've accepted their point.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Not really
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I think it more seems like you've agreed to disagree and that's that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): IM gonna SOCK THOSE TURDS
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): G O D
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 💪 🥊
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I don't think anyone in bne agrees with them
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like it’s already disturbing that someone was using my entire being to claim as their own
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But we shouldn’t let art theft go
Bill: As much as I made it sound like I care in stories, I'm more concerned about the account copying and identity theft.
Bill: They're just trying to shit on you.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I know
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Let them try
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _~~ hey hal and meg at least I’m not ashamed of my relationship~~_
Bill: It's a delicate topic, given Snow's history, and anything said in private can be screen capped and shared publicly as a trap. It's a danger zone.
Bill: I've got the telltale tightness of heart that comes with arguments that are high risk.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Hal and Meg are in the minority
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And these are much more objective things like _clearly stealing content_
Bill: It's still very high risk.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Rather than “he said she said” that Snow had
Bill: It's not an argument you can play out publicly. You've seemed to shut it down, but it's just...
Bill: oof. bad news.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): It's only high risk cuz of meghan
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Her response was clearly inflammatory
Bill: Yeah.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Like Hal's being a dick and jit picking but Meghan seems mad
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): D she has no grounds
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): She’s mad because she probably personally disagrees with it, AND she wants to take Hals side
Bill: She pushed back when I brought down Hal's points.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Mmm I’m still fired up about it
Bill: and I'm still nervous.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Realistically, what are Meg and Hal gonna do?
Bill: Probably nothing. It's just status quo affecting.
Bill: ~~I mean, the status quo is shot already, it's obvious Meg is with Hal and Hal is looking for digs~~
Bill: But it's publicly so.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Exactly
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It’s my ex and his new girlfriend
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Nearly everyone else agrees with calling out reposters who steal content
Bill: it's not the content of the argument that worries me, it's the side effects. Hal trying to dig, Meg picking fights, this is grade A drama. I just don't like this kind of thing. I'm always going to be nervous about it.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): That’s fair
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I think it’ll be okay
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): If Hals all “I don’t like the way you handled things”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Then he can have his opinion
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): We didn’t like how he handled things when that pornbot texted him
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): We thought it was a real girl and Marisa pointed out that he would’ve just shared her nudes with us
Bill: He spammed someone eggplants for making a comment on your post way back.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): People can disagree it’s whatever
Bill: That's as bullying as anything else.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): RLY
Bill: *You told me about this*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oh man I wish I had the receipts
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t have a good memory ahaaaa
Bill: ~~And I paid more attention than you than necessary I suppose~~
Bill: Though that predates that.
Bill: Otakon 2017.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He sent “nice tits :/“ to the people that commented the same on my post once
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He’s acting high and mighty now because he wants to pick a fight
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i guarantee if it was anyone else in BNE it would have slid in a second
Bill: That's it yes Georgia.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): When in reality he has a track record of exactly the same behavior
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YUP im also thinking that this was actually meg opinion
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Wow this is fascinating and messed up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and thats why he acted all fine with it at first
Bill: Possibly. Either way, you can't call him out in return, because he can say "I acknowledge my mistakes in the past, do you acknowledge you made a mistake?" and you'll be stuck.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): They’ll definitely take the account down. Someone reposted one of my pictures and I had it removed by Instagram within 12 hours.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Convention pictures you pay for or have a contract for are copyrighted and owned by only you and the photographer and is as serious as art theft
Bill: * Photographer
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): yeah
Bill: Technically photos taken by anyone are the creative property of the photographer.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Ya that’s the number one thing but there’s a stipulation in most con contracts that the cosplayer can at least use them
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): *hypocrisy <3*
Bill: Until commercial use comes into play, the photographer has all legal right.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ^
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~pays $150 for no image rights to the single image a con photog takes~~
Bill: For commercial use you need a model release. I'm not sure where things lie without a model release.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): oo the REACTS
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): on georgias post
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): tells the story
Bill: yup.
Bill: Most of the group is non confrontational, especially not to the more opinionated members like Hal or myself.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Most photographers I shoot with have a model release in their contract in some shape or form
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I don’t do commercial stuff so I don’t read it too closely
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): The tldr was that Georgia shouldn’t have any issue getting the account down
Bill: I don't like leaving it, but as long as the reputation I apparently have as a... what, stubborn? unchallengeable entity? is fine idk.
Bill: ~~*arrogant? me? Never.*~~
Bill: Yeeee I've read a bit on the model releases and stuff but I never wanted to get into them.
Bill: I don't sell prints, and selling prints of cosplayers is considered taboo anyway by the community.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 😏
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I don’t think what was posted in the story was bad. It’s only got facts in it. Call outs can be bad but this was handled well. If it’s silently swept under the rug this person will just make another account and do it again.
Bill: You asked Rebecca?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): She messaged me FIRST
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): She said Hal was coming off like her old ex
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And she doesn’t like that
Bill: He lost the friend group in the break up, and he lost the break overall imo, though I'm terribly biased.
Bill: So he's trying to get a win.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He lost the war but is still trying to win a battle
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It’s whatever
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Tho damn I hope I never get pushed hard enough to call them out on their secret relationship
Bill: While I think the high road is always better here (you’ll always net positive), that is a card you can probably win with.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Secret relationship trump card. 
They’re trying to hide it so much because they know it’s wrong and everyone will turn against them? Isn’t that also childish in its own right
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~they also both fear commitment it would seem~~
Bill: I dunno how wrong it was. Last I heard it started post break up... but idk.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): yea...
Bill: It’s a grey area. One I also dabbled in, so I’d rather it not be super sketch. 😅
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): They got together suspiciously quickly at the break up
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It’s not explicitly wrong
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Well I personally disagree with dating a friends ex
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But it’s enough to make people suspicious of them
Bill: Depends on how close a friend Meg considered you.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): We weren’t CLOSE friends but I considered us friends
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _not anymore_
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): it irritates me so much that she said that was embarassing to watch ugh
thats so condescending
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): its like they enjoy my opinion of them plummiting
Bill: And you particularly passive with people.
Bill: At least, you don't seem to publicly express negative opinions.
Bill: Cept like... Joey.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): pffft yeah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Everyone in Aurii has a pretty good moral compass
Bill: Mhmm... I don't bring people without one into my circle.
Bill: Hal came with you at the time.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah a package deal
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And I kept him in line
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Which is why I suspect that that’s what Meg is doing
Bill: admittedly it's difficult to make new friends being like that.
Bill: *Or apparently meet singles, but that's another documentary.*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): moral compass is a good band name
Bill: hehe. Maybe.
Bill: ~~I can't find the band line~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Everyone in the RTX chat agrees that the profile posing as me should be treated harshly
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Hal is shocking silent 😏
Bill: mmmmhm.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): If they don’t face any repercussions it’s just gonna happen again 🤷
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:mew_face:498866691963355137> <:mew_face:498866691963355137> <:mew_face:498866691963355137> <:mew_face:498866691963355137>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Send this to Hal when he starts gettin out of hand
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Actual exboyfriend goals
Bill: Glad to hear they friends.
Bill: ~~can we have Rob in server too~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OH YEAH
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): AND KELSEY
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _huehuehue_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~Team georgia~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): HUE
Bill: *Maybe that's why I'm never be a cosplayer cosplayer*
