No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Whaaat happened I read everything but it just starts suddenly and y’all know what happened without a buildup
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I found the beginning of the drama owo
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh that me
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): With fresh Starbucks
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hell ye
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OMG THAT ME TOO
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i was just reading about how why people walk around neighborhoods and bang sticks together at night in japan (it's to prevent fires by reminding people to check their heaters) BUT imagine someone banging sticks together to notify people of drama
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): WAT
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): when someone comes into the chat with drama:
https://wwwimage-secure.cbsstatic.com/thumbnails/photos/files/asset/10/00/63/14/41291bcfe4252eca_bobby_entrance.gif
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They are really excited
Bill: Rip Ashley
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Have you seen
Bill: ,...
Bill: wow.
Bill: That's a smorgishboard of things.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): whomst?
Bill: ~~going to add him~~ 😛
Bill: I... assume him.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WAIT IS IT REALL
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wat happen
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): marisa confirm or deny is this loose canon?
Bill: I mean I was assuming it’s guy, not a girl.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o yeah that's him
Bill: OH SHIT IT IS?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ye?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMGMMGMMGMMMGGG
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): why
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what happen
Bill: BAAAAAAFDDDDDD NEWSSSSS
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Just didn’t realize.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what he do
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mawisa plz
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ????????
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): pls elaborate
Bill: There’s nothing to elaborate. We just didn’t realize your post was also LTD.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "pg13 or your comfort level"
"must be shameless"
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): my post?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🤔
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): OH NO MY POST ISN'T HIM
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it was someone else
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooooo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we thought it was him
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): naw
Bill: How do you have a pg13 tentacle domination with sub princes in the background.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): RIGHT?!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): sign up and find out
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): totally kid friendly
Bill: That *choice* mood when you grew up to get a masters, start a career in NYC,  become a somewhat well known photographer on merit (ish) and you see a kid from middle school, who may or my not have been a direct bully, working the register at shoprite.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Win
Bill: Nothing needs to be said. Maybe he recognized me, maybe he didn’t. I just get that little zip of “the teachers weren’t kidding, I did end up being a success”. ~~If I was a dick I’d have paid with a 100 tho, thought of that too late~~
Bill: Wow.
Bill: Katy promised to make the pecan pie for thanksgiving.
Bill: Multiple times.
Bill: She’s at Erik’s, and mom made it.
Bill: I can’t even defend her anymore. Even if I wanted to.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oof
