Bill: Why the hell am I even here... no one has said anything to me all morning, bar the morning meeting. I’m even eating lunch myself, everyone went without me?
Bill: It’s not like we’re friends, nor do I really want to be, but *I can do all this without driving 2 and 1/2 hours here.*
Bill: #saltynotlonely
Total Nok-out (Marisa): bring dakimakura to work
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): they're having u fo there more often now?
Bill: I started coming up more voluntarily. Jing was encouraged to come twice a week since she's basically doing whatever Yuxi and Behzad come up with on a given day for her work. Was the traditional Tuesday and Thursday to start and I said well it doesn't make sense to only work with Jing (my only Indellient coworker working on COPRA) Mon/Tues so I'll come to armonk thursday rather than go to NY. Sure. Whatever.
 but Jing had to start picking up her kid on Thursdays, so she moved to Tues/Wed. It still doesn't make sense to go into NY on thursday to work in an empty office with Gord (nice guy, but we do separate things all day) so I said okay, I'll try wednesdays here like she is.
Bill: So I'm jackassing about all over the place and it's feeling really pointless.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think some aspect of work always feel pointless rtho
Bill: I'm being accommodating and it feels pointless?
Bill: *Hi yes and why is everyone speaking fucking Chinese*
Bill: *I feel like you're all gossiping about me*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): people are in a "this thing that has nothing to do with jess's job is jess's job" mood today
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ive been asked to order plaques for some certificate we got, been asked what the password for go to meeting is which i dont use here (or anywhere), been asked why we dont have a call log? How to take a screnshoot (someone help me), Ive also been complained to about the format of our email addresses which I have nothing to do with at all
Bill: Mood.
Bill: It's not even real problems. I get shit I don't understand on my desk all the time. But at least it's something legitimate, not *screenshots*.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): almost everyone here is Old AF ™
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~mike is the only competent one~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): both mikes actually, but thats it
Bill: ~~competence not required for hiring; only experience~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): neither is required here XD
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we have a new guy in sales who must be younger than me, which i dont understand cuz they always complain about need experienced sales pepoplw
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): now im getting aske excel questions I DONT USE THAT omgg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): old dudes at work are insinuating that women who hyphenate their last names when they get married are bitched or something and im sittin here like welp i didnt change mine at all so i must be da queen bitch <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Yeah, but you can use a computer and they can't.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right?!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): of course wife hater was like "you know, my wife hyphenated her name"
