To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Persistent fucking people
Bill: Did you reply to him, or did he just decide since his dumbass brother struck out he'd have a better chance.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WOOW
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): This is a fucking trip
Bill: Alright. I thought my hard drive was the issue. From the looks of it every fucking drive I plug into my macbook loads read only.
Bill: ~~I reformatted my photo drive for nothing~~
Bill: Jason, team lead, calling everyone off for updates: "Jing"
Jason, later, still doing that: "Is Bill on... uh... ah, Bill"
Bill: ffs, I've never missed one of these stupid cadences and I've been here a year longer than Jing.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): did he forget your name?
Bill: no, he wasn't paying attention to if I was on the call. And unlike Jing, not assuming I was.
Bill: which he should.
Bill: Even if these calls are POINTLESS for me and they don't CARE what I have to say.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oof
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that's rough buddy
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh he's threatening my mother now because he thinks she stole the check he gave her to help pay my apartment rent. he claims the check didn't have my signature on it when she deposited it. no duh genius I'm on the other side of the world how am i supposed to sign it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT THE FUCK
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): how would you have depostied a check in UD dollars while you are in japan
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): seriously.
i pay my rent online through my US bank account but there's no way for me to deposit it here at all, I just have the debit card.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i gotta make a new e-mail to message him what's a good dumb name for it
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that doesn't make it an obviously fake account because i'm not giving him any of my real addresses
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm just gonna message him like "It's 1:30 in the morning."
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): and then ignore any messages after that for 16 hours <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): how about skrumchie that sounds like a good username unconnected to everything else
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I COULD TOTALLY SIGN HIM UP FOR ALL THE SPAM
One hop this time (Tom): :///////
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): " mydadaintshit@gmail.com "
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): omg he kept changing the password on my original e-mail account so I would make it stuff like that. I dunno if he could see the passwords, I assume so because he was changing it, but I wrote so many bad words.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "It's 1:30 in the morning." that's it. so personal.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i am a master of words.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "its 1:30 in the morning. I should be resting up for another hard day of school, and work to pay for school but instead I have to talk to *you* and damn does that suck"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah!!! i considered writing about school and work ~~i still have to quit my job this week whoops~~ but I don't know how much he knows about me and i want him to suffer so much. my grudges run deep and strong. especially when my life becomes a wreck as a result. i got miffed at my classmate for jokingly taking the protective paper off my phone charger yesterday <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm betting he doesn't even open the e-mail because he doesn't realize it's from me. something like that happened before. he doesn't believe anything is from me.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm just doing this for bojo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the temptation to sass him must be so high
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that would be fun. i think it burns more to be ignored and treated less than dirt though. literal scum of the earth.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): he's heard every name in the book from BoJo and others. he's desperate for my attention though and I'm not giving him any more than the bare minimum required.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "Hi, its the result of your procreation."
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "if you die give me your money"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): UGH this is nerve wracking for *me* i cant even imagine
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): like. what he did was bad right? is it horrible that I think this way
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YES
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): am i being too harsh. i won't change my ways but it'd be good to know if i am or not <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Nope.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): full honesty i am 100% open
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what he did and said was terrible and horrible, He's made himself a track recod of being a SHIT Dad. And you are not terrible for thinking like that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my "YES" was for your first question
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): omg my sister was a genius though. during my high school graduation he was trying to see me and he didn't have tickets so he couldn't get in but he waited around outside. our ceremony was at the liacouras center in philly and there was like a chick-fil-a outside or something so when we were crossing the bridge and he kept sending us messages asking us where we were my sister was like "we're at the chick-fil-a"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao rip
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): BoJo tellin it like it is
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🎬
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hmm thats not the clap i wanted but whatever lol
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can't believe hal posted that poor girl's pic
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh oh no D:
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): at least censor it before showing it to other people even if it is a group of trusted friends
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i get a kick out of "several people are typing" though
Bill: that would happen to Hal.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): who's hal. you mean greg?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea greg
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Greg tends not to think
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea like i feel bad for that girl she just tryin get gregs attention but now her tastfull tity pic has been shown to 20 poeple she dont even know
One hop this time (Tom): Yeah..
Bill: There is LITERALLY an entire kids football team in this pizza place.
