Bill: I've been working for **15** MINUTES. And I've already screamed at an email.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): What’d the email do
Bill: CIO: "We need to know if your dashboard uses this url for the database"
Me: "We have three dashboards, can you tell me which one?"
CIO: "The one that should be using that url"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): sounds like https://clientsfromhell.net/
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Wow what an ancient relic
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Client: I want you to give me printouts of the fonts that you have so I can pick and choose the ones I like.

Me: I have about 1000 fonts.

Client: Yes, perfect. Print ‘em all.

Me: No.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i love this blog tho XD
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I used to read it every day it’s been ages wow
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i read it when i think i wont have to deal with stupid shit if i had a different job
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Client: Are you comfortable with Photoshop?
*No, I’m a professional designer who’s art directed for companies like major companies like Coke and Target and I don’t know Photoshop. For real, dude?*
Me: Mmhmm.
Client: Great! So you know how to put filters on things.
Me: ….
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "can you turn this picture around? so we can see the camera man?"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): THOSE ARE MY FAV
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): uh oh im starting to do that thing with howard where i just give automatic sass
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): not today howard
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): not today
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): or ever
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yesterday he was talking about how he thinks people who wait for things to go down in price are dumb because "the mot your gonna save is a couple hundred, just buy it when you want it"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like what in entitled "never struugles a day in my life"hell?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): omg. it's just a couple hundred, don't worry about it. just a few hundred dollars. no big deal.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i cried and caught on fire while typing that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right? couple hundred? totally worthless
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like he blew my mind when he said that im like does he even know how stupid he sounds
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): my friend tried to force me to take a train once, i walked to walk the 30 minutes back home to save $1.80 on train fare. waited until she left to leave the station because when i walked away the first time she ran after me and made a big scene about guiding me to the subway properly <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): but a couple hundred dollars? fine.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): also the constant complaining about "wives" has me on edge every time he talks. My coworker said he thinks howard only got married for money reasons
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o is that why money isn't an issue
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Idk for sure but im guessing? liek hes a teacher he couldnt have made that much
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he also complained his wife hyphenated her last name because of work or something? and that woman who do that or dont change there names are "trouble"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the sexism is real man
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): someone brought in all the good candy, im sad and my will is weak, ive allready had 3
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): made it a nice even number
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): not 4 that's an evil number
Bill: oof please inspire me to buy too many snacks at quickchek for lunch.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its like a whole basket too imma die
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOO howard also told me i looked weird yesterday morning cuz my hair was up?
Bill: Be sassy.
Bill: Boss likes you more anyway.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean i know he went it in the "you ussually dont wear your hair like that" way but
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NOW HES INSINUATING HES TOO GOOD TO SHOP AT WALMART
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>  save me plz
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i saw a walmart employee pick up a used drug needle with their bare hands once
One hop this time (Tom): Pfffft
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): plz everything the man says is ridiculous
