Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Idk it's like a different type of feeling left out I guess
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): IT OKAY BABE I LOVE YOU
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): THANK
Bill: Well, to feel involved you need a child so....
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean gab doesn't have a child but she wants one
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It just makes me feel like an outsider I guees
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I honestly don't even talk much when we hang out cuz I feel like I can't contribute to conversation
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh now one of then is low key making fun of me for posting bathing suit pics and tagging my Instagram pics
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think I'm in a mood tonight
Bill: Can I join you?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): In the mood? 😂
Bill: YUP. I don’t think they knew but the church thanksgiving mini dinner potluck thing my parents convinced me and katy to come to came with an hour pass. If they knew I’m pissed cause mass is not something I want on a Monday night, and if they didn’t I’m just done.
Bill: Certainly don’t feel like mingling now.
Bill: ~~and it’s as usual 50+ age group~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOF
Bill: ~~there’s this girl from the game nights mom wants me and katy to meet but what a surprise not here on a Monday cause lame~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Is mass over now?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ok so the poll says "were exchanging secret santa gifts at the new years party"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hal voted in the poll that he wants to participate
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): last he messaged me, he said not to talk to him or invite him to things
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ergo, what do
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WTF HAL
Bill: Tldr do not.
Bill: You don’t have to invite him.
Bill: Not for some secret Santa.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hunter is the one organizing it tho cause he has this program that does it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he suggests that hal bring his gift with someone so he doesnt feel left out
Bill: Fuck em.
Bill: It’s your New Years party.
Bill: You should have done this via the Facebook event though.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah true
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): also lissy marked interested but she hasnt said anything the last three times i invited her to stuff?
Bill: It’s not BNE, it’s Georgia’s party.
Bill: Again, just invite who you want and set it up through there.
Bill: If hunter argues tell him he can run his own to include the non party people.
Bill: Also don’t include me. I don’t really do secret Santas, I prefer to buy gifts for people that I know they’ll like and people I like. Also won’t be at New Years.
Bill: ~~also am not good at budgets~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hunter says its kinda like revenge
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hal gets to be in the exchange but because he fucked up he doesnt get to see everyone else for it
Bill: Hunters an idiot.
Bill: Hal’s too stupid for petty plots.
Bill: Hunter likes being in charge and is pushy to be that way.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Bill: Hell be partying with Meg Tyler and the rest of them. He’ll be drunk off his ass and having a grand old time.
Bill: Your party is not the only thing to happen that night.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ok kiddos what's going on in here
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Bill: Take over, I’m finally having dinner.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hal said he wants to participate in secret santa
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i said the exchange would be at my house for new years
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he still said hes interested
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so he either
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 1) assumes hes invited
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 2) didnt read that stipulation
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 3) is so desperate to participate that he'll mail in his gift
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wow. do you still have the message where he said not to involve him in stuff? throw that right back at him.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): nah i dont have the messages
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): they were on discord
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): they got deleted? if he pushes to join just tell him his own words because that's so ridiculous
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YE
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im gonna make the invite list for the party now then
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooo I hope I'm invited
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): you are!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): bill your invite is symbolic, i know you cant come
Bill: I appreciate it. ❤️
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): my invite list is at 34 but like 10 i know cant make it or usually cant
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): is that probably okay
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yes because more desserts for the people who do show up
Bill: Up to you. Decide how many is too many.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): at least 10 people are likely nos
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i invited the new york squad because i like them and wanna be better friends with them
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i gasped so hard i choked thank u for the invite
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): now hunter and i are just shit talking
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Bill: I’m glad I’m the exception. 😅
Bill: ~~odds are it means Hunter feels he can’t push me around either~~
Bill: ~~also good; I am the bastion of sanity~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh yea. I always kinda felt like that when he insisted paying for stuff and I was like "??"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he DID insist on paying a lot
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and to a degree its flattering
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but sometimes its excessive
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "oh you're paying? that's so kind"
order the most excessively expensive thing on the menu
Bill: He could be arrogant. Asserted things a lot. It’s probably what Ethan meant by Peacocking, he was strutting himself.
Bill: And Hunter’s not wrong that I overrode him. I actually knew what was going on when he didn’t, so he quickly learned to not question me. ~~I’ll fully admit I have control freak tendencies, but I try not to override people I respect. YMMV~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ergo you didnt respect hal LOL
Bill: As time went on, not really.
Bill: You were always wasted on him, but he started to... I guess take you for granted, at least how I was seeing it. That was part of it. Of course I was looking through VERY tinted glasses.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea the time I noticed it the most was when he bought you your gaxalxy aonts in hot topic and he like bragged about buying you stuff to the girl working there and I was like Y THO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~stop saying she was wasted plz it sounds strange~~
Bill: What I mean with the respect is when it’s someone’s opinion I try to listen and not assume I’m right. I’m not very good about that when it’s a fact thing like directions or something.
Bill: Oh lol. I see how that’s confusing.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i feel like i try to one up people too much so if you notice me doing it please shut me down faster than a computer with something lewd on it when your parent walks into the room
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i paid for those galaxy leggings LOL
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): so he bragged about something you bought for yourself omg
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Y U P
Bill: All a moot point now. He ain’t invited to to things QED.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): YE BOI
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and the jesses said they might come!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): there's more than one jess???
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): nah theres two jesse cosplayers
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and theyre dating
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): theyre the jesses
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ooo that's cute
Bill: He accepted a friend request I must have sent ages ago tonight. Must be because of the guest list.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _bill why are you a maybe_
Bill: So I get notifications of what people post.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ooo smart
Bill: It’s not like I *couldn’t* show up but it’d be a bad idea.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye thats fair
Bill: So next one.
Bill: (That’s no offense kiddo, I just don’t want to be a buzzkill and tradition *is* tradition)
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): it okie i understand!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): we can skype call you in, and duct tape you to the nearest object
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): same with you marisa
Bill: Imma focus on my party tbh. 😛
Bill: It IS convention center sized.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): What would Marisa know about shutdown a computer with lewd stuff when her parent walked in 🤔
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they do it in the animes
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~this fuckin kid asks to play league like 20 minutes after i boot up league~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): AHHHHHHHH
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): ~~I thought you weren't friends on league anymore~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh...
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): He asked bne
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I missed thag
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Lmao
