To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Ok apparently what I did didn’t block him from my page
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And there’s actually no way to block someone from messaging a Facebook page
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): You can only mark them as spam
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh god
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Which is what I did apparently
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Are you kidding me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG this is too fucking much
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh he has a picture now
One hop this time (Tom): oh man.. seriously?
One hop this time (Tom): blocking him on the facebook app should work tho
One hop this time (Tom): it doesnt?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Nooope
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): This isnt her personal Facebook it's her "business" profile
One hop this time (Tom): ohhhh
One hop this time (Tom): shit thats why
Bill: Me, @ Geekdom:
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): He swears on bumble bee
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): y'all ever get messages from strangers who say they're going to the same event as you "as either character A or character B" and then get mad when you assume the wrong show those characters are from. like. japan has a limited amount of names bro. there are many characters with those names.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nah, I had some think I was a different hiyori the other day on insta tho and and I was like "no sowwy"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh nooo that's sad
"your hiyori is on another instagram"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They were v. Excited, I felt bad
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): different hiyori as in same character different cosplayer, or same cosplayer different character?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Different character
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): O that’s a little strange
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): backstory unlocked but you must all swear to keep what I say silent. please. everyone probably knows it but BoJo would rather keep it on the downlow.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i swear my silence
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): she called me an hour or so ago asking me do to something but it's a little hard. and requires a lot of explanation from my point of view as to why it's hard. and i don't want to do it but I should even if it's morally wrong.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): well i don't care if it's morally wrong but i'll just get to the backstory before i say the choice.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i don't remember a lot tbh i should probably be saying this to a therapist but all the therapists i've had sucked a lot
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hold on my hand is going numb
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): IT ALL STARTED WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL (that's how deep this goes) (i can move this to another server if needed)
Bill: Take your time, and we're all here for you.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 👆
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): basically i guess i was closer to my father than my mother. people have always said that. my official hebrew name (which is bestowed in some big religious ceremony at some point) even reflects that and I hate it now.

when i was in high school my father got into a car crash. it was dangerous and caused a lot of complications but he was fine. i wish he died in that crash.
in the months afterwards he started getting weirdly obsessive about this girl he dated in high school. he went on to have an affair with her which tldr led to my parents' divorce and my mother and i's homelessness for several months and he became an alcoholic. my mother and i lived in hotels and cars and couchsurfed and stuff.

when we still had the house he. i don't know where he lived. his girlfriend's house? or his mother's? i'm not sure. but he would break in, when I was at school he would enter the house and use my laptop to see what sites I was on. one time I woke up at 2am and he was just standing there in my room. ~~when we were homeless and staying at my aunt's house my cousin would do the same thing but he's a serious drug addict and didn't know what he was doing. or maybe he was looking for stuff to steal from us. he stole everything of value that we still had because he needed drugs and he would overdose in the bathroom every few days.~~

we tried to make it work. i would go with him once a week. it sucked. he would take me to restaurants for ~bonding time~ but when the waitress came by he wouldn't order anything because he had a date planned for afterwards. he would take me to his mother's house where, whenever he left the room which was basically all the time, i would hear about how my mother is an awful person and i was an unwanted child that shouldn't have been born and they only got married because of me (i think i was like 6 when they got married? i was in elementary school)
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): there were a lot of shouting matches because he wouldn't listen to reason. if you tried talking to him rationally he would escalate to yelling and them storm out. he almost ran over me with his car. he would bring unrelated people into our family affairs and turn me against them when it was all lies.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i tried sending his gf a message early on in the situation, it was polite and mature. my mother didn't know about it. she showed it to everyone and they thought it was from my mother pretending to be me because they didn't believe i was smart enough to write a message like that, and they harassed her a lot for it.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): so basically my father is dead to me. i think the last time i was him was when his mother was dying. my grandmother.  i don't remember how long ago it was. sometime during college maybe? when she was in the hospital and delirious, knowing she didn't have long, she personally requested I come to speak with her. i only went because of that, i didn't want to see her or anyone from that side of the family otherwise.

when we got to the hospital my aunt (her daughter) refused to let me see her, and my grandmother was too out of it to make any coherent decisions on her own. so I didn't get to see her and we left. i saw my father on the way out and didn't speak to him.
oh i think i've seen him a few times after that but it was for mere seconds and I haven't said anything.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i look exactly like my aunt. everyone says that.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): -----> we have no money since the divorce, and their side of the family stole what my grandmother left me in her will. everything i do for school like my apartment and my plane ticket are my personal work savings and loans. we need money from him sometimes to pay for food or electricity. BoJo is working 3 jobs now I think. I'm going to come back to this paragraph again later after i explain another thing so I'm marking it with an arrow.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): my father (ugh i hate calling him that. my mother has a lot of colorful expletives she uses to refer to him but i flat out ignore his existence) is now a lonely man. his girlfriend broke up with him or died of an std or something idk. he had a roommate but the roommate also died and he didn't know for like a week until the smell got too bad and he called the police. he thought that all of my parent's friends would side with him after the divorce but they didn't because my mother is cooler and he lied about all of them to me and made messed up lies about them. his alcoholism also drove people away. he tries to talk to my mother because he's so lonely but she mainly hangs up on him, or uses him for money. he got me a $100 gift card for my birthday but he bought the month after my birthday. he bought me an iphone but I don't trust it because he can track me with it and would probably call me on it all the time.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): so he asks my mother to talk to me all the time. we really need money and he's been begging my mother to speak with me. when he does it's so pathetic. "hey honey. i'm really sorry about what i did. why don't we talk about it? i bought you this pendant" (the iphone came with some weird pendant that says daddys girl and he's always been obsessed with cheap ebay junk). he doesn't sound like himself. he uses his salesperson voice to talk to me, or like i'm a child or a dog. that voice. it's creepy.

my mother is asking me to speak with him so he'll give us money. we're relying on him for my rent money for the next two months and hopefully my plane ticket home, he said he'd help with that but he always tries to bargain. I don't think i can talk to him on the phone. she said even an e-mail would work but what do I even write. i have ton of throwaway e-mails so I'm not concerned with him filling it up with spam or finding me on other websites. but he is dead to me. I don't even know who he is anymore, I know nothing about him and he knows nothing of me anymore. I don't know what I would say. There is no chance of reconciliation. That is out of the question.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is it horrible of me to be frank about it. what if it drives him to suicide. is it awful of me to not care about that and mainly be concerned with whether or not he leaves stuff in his will to us.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i thought of another incident he did but i finished my thought first and forget what it was.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): there are a lot of incidents.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): his girlfriend had sons. i had a feeling he was cheating before my mother knew. it was so obvious. i should have said something or confronted him. his girlfriend had two sons and because i knew more about computers he would make me create playlists and burn cds that kids would kid. he said it was for demos at work but it was really music for his girlfriend's sons birthday parties.
One hop this time (Tom): Yeah that's of course understandably frustrating. I actually had similar beginnings with my father. Not the same story of but he did similar things like break in to see us and stuff. 
The stories' ending is very different but I can relate somewhat. 

When someone damages a relationship that deeply it doesn't matter if you are blood related. They have become just a person you don't like. And you aren't obligated to like them or speak to then in my opinion. Other people would argue the whole blood connection thing but that's a buncha bolongna. 
I don't think you should at the very least feel bad for your actions. He brought it on himself by being selfish.
One hop this time (Tom): I actually told my father when I was really little that I wished he was dead and he threatened to commit suicide in front of us.
One hop this time (Tom): He was super drunk and depressed and a really bad alcoholic at the time.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm sorry to hear that. if you want to talk about that you can. I hope you're ok and it wasn't violent.
One hop this time (Tom): A little bit between them but
One hop this time (Tom): It's fine now, or at least as fine as it's gonna get
One hop this time (Tom): My father eventually controlled his drinking and put his effort into getting custody back
One hop this time (Tom): And they ended up getting married and we moved up here
One hop this time (Tom): They don't have the happiest of marriages but at least things are calm
Bill: I have to join a call right now (and try to hide how upset I am from the video), but I'll be back in a bit. We, I love you Marisa. Thank you for trusting us, and family isn't defined by blood. It's defined by who you love. Your family to me, to all of us.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i miss my cat. she was with me through everything. i'd be dead without her.
One hop this time (Tom): Yeah unfortunately I don't have any good insight or decisions to make for you because the source of your trouble is him.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): First let me start by saying that I am so glad you were born,  you are not a mistake, and you never were, and you never will be. You are an intelligent talented brilliant young woman and a real father would see that and be so proud of you. You are not a terrible person for not caring about him, you have no reason to care about him. It almost sounds like hes frozen you in time in his mind? does that make sence?
One hop this time (Tom): YEAH we're glad to know you and be friends with you👌. You are a super unique person and very talented. We're here to talk with whenever, don't worry about sounding complainy.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he still talks to you like a kid cuz he doesnt understand that you are an adult now. He missed all that time with his terrible decisions and behavior
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i know my cat misses me. i try to video chat with her and she sits on the camera.
I just don't know whether or not I should contact him. I don't want to, but we need the money and I need a ticket home. I could probably pay for it myself once next semester's student loan refund kicks in but that'll take until late january/early february and then I have to find a way to transfer the money from my japanese bank account to the US one with minimal losses.
And if I do contact him, how do I even do it. probably just a blank e-mail with "hi" in it. not even a name or anything just let him guess and feel bad when he ignores me. that happened once and boy did he regret it big time.

the frozen in time thing makes a lot of sense, I considered that too but it's more like i've regressed in age in his mind because this started around 10th/11th grade (i almost had to leave high school because we didn't have an address within the distract but because i was so close to graduating they let me stay with special conditions, but a lot of stuff was messed up. my cooking teacher who is super awesome let me stay in her room to clean most days and then i would study in the cafeteria because i didn't have anywhere to go) and he talks to me like a young child.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): thank y'all ; u ;
i use all my spare money to buy frivolous gifts at the discount anime stores to shower you with upon my return
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it helps that BoJo is really super connected. my current family is mostly not related by blood, or super duper distant because my blood relatives on her side of the family are messed up (she has 9 siblings) (it's a big side of the family). we have a lot of very powerful connections.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): well, she does.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea regressed is a good word and with the alchoholism it makes sense, he probably lost pieces of his memories, causing the image of you in his mind to degenerate
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~and plz u are not spending any money on us~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): probably. i also think the car crash messed with his head somehow. he had a concussion and it supposedly got better but that's when everything started going downhill
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~TOO LATE I HAVE MANY GIFTS BECAUSE YOU ARE WONDERFUL pls don't leave me~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea maybe it caused brain damage or something?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~OH NO OK BUT DONT BUY ANYMORE we're not leaving you are stuck with us~~
One hop this time (Tom): Your not allowed to leave <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): was the accident in about 10th grade or before then?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): we managed to get a cheap house after a while because BoJo has a real estate license. the reason I worked in the business school during college despite my majors being in other schools is because her real estate practice is with the woman who basically owns all of rowan university and who built the new business building, she owns the school of business and i guess word got around when i started job hunting and they wanted to meet me in the marketing department and hired me without even an interview.

i can't really remember. I think 10th grade yeah, or early 11th grade.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): so the woman who owns rowan (who was more power than the university dean) knew me since i was little. haha life hacks.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): if it helps BoJo pay the bills I could send him an e-mail. I don't want to but I don't want BoJo to suffer. she's very self sacrificing.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): BoJo has been losing some friends recently too becuse her mental state is kind of. declining. my sister loves her very dearly but also can not stand to be around her for more than 5 minutes without being driven crazy.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no 😦
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): does she have a diagnosed condition or do you think everything is just taking a toll?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): she has a lot of OCD issues, like counting in the middle of sentences, sucking on her teeth. she can't read the atmosphere of a conversation like she used to. I didn't know until recently but she has narcolepsy, and I knew she had ADD before that. she's had many strokes. about 15 years ago she was so healthy, she was one of the strongest people and her doctors always praised her good condition. but then she had her strokes. the first one was pretty sad, and so was the second, and since then she's had some mini ones. and some skin cancer. she's suffered so much. she has a lot of memory issues now.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): and now her age is catching up wit her
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): she also has heart conditions. my sister has them too it runs in the family, but it only affected them in their 20s so i'm waiting for me to show up 😃
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the heart conditions aren't any more i don't think
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh wow yea thats alot to deal with especially on top of everything else
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is your sister your full sister or half sister?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah i feel bad for her putting up with me during the divorce. i was a typical teenager and I didn't understand all of what was going on. we're very secretive people, we hide a lot so there's probably a lot more i don't know about going on. my sister spoke to me for the first time in a long time last month and told me that when I came to Japan, BoJo stopped eating and only ate junk food and now her doctor forbids her from any chocolate because she literally just ate dollar store chocolate every day. my sister's wife cooks her a lot of food now.

she's my half sister, I've never met her father. apparently she has a half brother she met a couple of months ago and she told me about him but I don't know how she feels about him. happy? my sister is also very self sacrificing. we're very close but we don't know each other very well. we consider each other full sisters. she's 12 years older than me. my sister is also very self sacrificing. my father never liked her very much so i was the ~golden child~ who everyone doted on and in hindsight i can see that not having a proper father figure probably messed her up. our uncle (who isn't our uncle) is her father figure, he raised her and he's always been there for her but I can see my sister's had a very difficult life. she just wants a simple american dream-style life. 2 kids and a dog and a picket fence kind of life.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): BoJo changed the topic before I could discuss the e-mail thing with her but I don't think there's much to discuss with her.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and then you suspect that you might have 2 half brothers also?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ooo no his girlfriend was also married, those kids are from her marriage
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo ok so just your sister then
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ye
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): IM STUCK IN LAB SO I CANT TALK MUCH BUT I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MARISA AND I WOULD PUNT ANYONE WHO HURTS YOU, YOU ARE SO VALID 💕💕💕💕💕💕
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): GEORGIA I SCREENSHOTTED UR INSTAGRAM REPLY THANK U
do ur lab don't fail your assignment you gotta discover the secret behind black holes and stuff
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): open season for daddy issue jokes <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: You don't have to buy us anything, the greatest gift you could ever give us is coming *home*. We love and miss you, worry about you and want you here. I just want you happy and not alone, no gift could be greater than that.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): but i'm weird and unsociable irl
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~more like daddy with issues~~
Bill: Marisa I knew you IRL long before I knew you online.
Bill: You think I would have invited you to Aurii if I didn't like you already?
Bill: I like Marisa, just as she is.
One hop this time (Tom): Besides we've all done alot of growing in the passed year together and I think that includes you 👌
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm trying to get over it but i'm weirdly defensive about material things ~~because my drug addict cousin would steal them all lol~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I see what a tough spot you are in though you guys need the money but I feel bad that your personal feelings might have to be compromised for that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): invite me to aurii for swag memes and dabs
Bill: I invited you because your family.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i'm not good at expressing what's good about other people i only know that people are cool and neat and i'd die for them
One hop this time (Tom): I mean at least from my point of view you seem a lot more confident than when we first started talking so I think overall you are doing quite well for yourself 👌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you guys rent you said? I dont really know much about how government hesitance works and you've probably already exhausted those options but would a stipend or section 8 be possible? Im assuming it would be hard due too not technically being a child anymore though :?
One hop this time (Tom): ~~Me too~~
Bill: I've said many times to Tom/Jess/Georgia how much different you used to be compared to now Marisa. You've grown so much, I'm such a proud con dad. kusu kusu
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): o we own the house! i rent my apartment here in japan. it's in a super shifty neighborhood lol
whaaaa how did i go. i'm probably faking it
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "yeah this chick in my japanese class used to speak in a really high pitched voice but now it's as deep as the marinara sauce trench"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOO OK gotcha
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah it looks like a rental, most units in the development are but we 100% own it because BoJo didn't want to be homeless again if something we rented went downhill
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you've def grown! you are much more comfortable with us now I think you've come out of your shell quite a bit. you are also super independent
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): *am i independent. am i really.*
throwing myself into another country was definitely what i needed because I was 100% hikikomori in the US. I'll probably go back to doing that until I find a job lol. There are months when I didn't leave the house. Literal weeks on end where I just stayed inside making stuff for BoJo's shop and doing household things. You ever see some older convention images, like the ranma one I posted recently where I'm super pale? it's cuz I didn't see the light of day for a long time 👌
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i've been trying recently to be less wishy washy in my speech because before it was always "i think/maybe/probably/if that's ok uwu"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh i have a fear of people does that make sense
if i don't know someone i will literally avoid eye contact at all costs
Bill: You know you can't be hikikomori when you come home right? You have friends who want to see you now.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YOU"VE MADE SO MUCH PROGRESS <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: ~~I'm especially pushy~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i gotta untan myself i still have tan lines from summer comiket
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): seriously though your coming home right around katsu, and then things are gonna pick up convention wise, then summer is after that, you're gonna have things to do!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): YEAH CONS
i'm really glad for that. if katsu wasn't when it was i'd probably milk my student loans and stay longer but i wanna see my cat and go to cons. japanese events are just standing around in cosplay there's nothing to do, and people don't do fun stuff like they do at us cons.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~and see y'all too. i don't know how to express affection for others.~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): in tokyo i can go anywhere with public transit but in the US i'm scared of driving owo
One hop this time (Tom): I wish we live closer cuz we'd come get you every day :3
Andrew: I just want to let you know that youre an amazing person Marisa, im grateful to have known you like all of us here, and I am always here if you need anything. Its going to be great to see you again when you come  back home so we can all see you again.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i think over the last year i've just learned not to care about stuff. i mean, i do care, but in a YOLO way.
THERE U ARE ANDRU i saw u typin' thank u for your support and amazingness :3c
Bill: ^ that.
One hop this time (Tom): Just be like me Marisa! Always drive in the right lane <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I've done so much more in the last year by just... not trying to be perfect, or have all the answers. ~~I still like to have all the answers cause I never want to be wrong~~ But without taking a few risks, I'm not going to reach my goals.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah you even started dabbing woah
watch out world
Bill: Your taking risks is on a whole another fucking league though.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): whaaa what risks
Bill: I tried to play out of my league; you went international.
Bill: *literally*.
Bill: Going to Japan would be scawwy to me.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): comiket swimsuit?
o. but if you're a weeb is japan really international. i watched a lot of anime before coming here.
One hop this time (Tom): That's all you need right?
Bill: yeah it is.
One hop this time (Tom): Anime=true Japan culture
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah anime is basically a how-to guide
Bill: Its too far for me. I'd quit, it'd be too lonely.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i didn't have any friends through all of 8th grade and as a hikikomori i can deal with isolation if i have my cat :3
Bill: eeeeeh... I didn't have friends in middle school either... Once you have people that matter to you it's terrifying that you could lose them.
Bill: You'll understand when you get HOME.
Bill: COME HOME\
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i had friends in school but our school put people into uhhhh i forget what they were called. basically clusters of 100 students each that stuck to a certain hallway. in 8th grade all my friends were in other clusters (sacks? is that what they were called?) so i wasn't friends with anyone i had any classes or lunch with.

i'd like to talk with my high school friends again, some of them went to rowan but they probably didn't like me very much as we never spoke then.

I'M WAITIN' FOR AIRLINE TICKET PRICES TO DECREASE
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): everyone abandoned me on the senior trip lol. they said they were trying to abandon the guys in front of me but then they never contacted me about their whereabouts. they invited me to join them when i randomly ran into them again later in the animal kingdom but i was already doing my own thing.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): marisa where do you live actually i mean in NJ?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Clementon OwO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~doxed~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): jk
Andrew: can attest not a great neighborhood
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WE CAN HAVE SLEEP OVERS WHEN YOU COME HOME
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): THAT'S WHAT I WAS THINKING I CAN'T BELIEVE I DOXXED MYSELF
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i have a pull out couch
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): andru good news my neighbors who smoke too much weed and make our house smelly because their house smells are moving out around january
Andrew: Good
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): that would be awesome I don't have a bed
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~theres a small bed in the cosplay room too~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): well i have a bed but i can't use it
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I have a queen bed 😉
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And an air mattress! And many couches
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): how many couches do you have
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): At least two
Bill: Marisa needs to be in charge of getting Andoru to up his armor game. There's a new fire emblem to cosplay from owo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wait what what's the new fire emblem
Andrew: think hes referrring to 3 houses
Andrew: tbh i completelty forgot bout that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this is the first image that comes up when i google Clementon: 
http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/02/b9/02/9f/clementon-park-and-splash.jpg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i cant believe marisa lives in a water park
Andrew: my shoprite is ths nack bar
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah clementon splash world!! that place sucks!!
Andrew: it does
Andrew: its also like 100 years old
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lol rip
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): which complex mawisa?
Andrew: it was made back when people in philly couldnt get down the shore and needed a place to take children
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): La Cascata
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo it near vorhees my friend used to live there many moons ago
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ye!!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): This is where I sleep and work and make cosplay and eat. If Sylvia wants to lay there I prioritize her so I take one cushion and she takes the other (it’s a loveseat). She has a box next to the couch though that she also likes to sit in.
One hop this time (Tom): Raichu spotted
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): thanks for letting me ramble. i still don't know what i should do but maybe my head is a little clearer to talk it over with BoJo.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): your house v. tiny?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ye
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA im sorry we didnt have any outright advice for you but i hope talking about it help a little ❤
One hop this time (Tom): Not saying Marisa will die going to Georgia's but
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG you are right
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): my official bed is on the third floor which is mostly storage (the third floor is exactly the size of a bed and a nightstand) but it's not insulated and it's literally suffocating, it gets no air flow so it's only inhabitable for a very short amount of time during spring and fall. but also it's infested with silverfish so I don't like sleeping there when I can because i wake up covered in bugs.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i had fleas once!! from the third floor!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe we should adjust her slowly. she can come to our housr and the make her way up to billys and the georgias
Cha Cha Real Smooth(Dave): Lol
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): [enters the closet] wow this is a nice dining/living/kitchen room you have here
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): probably
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i can draw a floorplan of my house
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo we gets the silver fish sometimes too
One hop this time (Tom): Silver fish aghhhhh
One hop this time (Tom): They are kinda cute for bugs
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not in mah house
One hop this time (Tom): But they essentially do the same thing as cockroaches so they are gross too
One hop this time (Tom): They are just smaller and pretty
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah ewwww
they're everywhere, i'm pretty sure there's a couple of dead ones under the raichu sticker on my laptop somehow
One hop this time (Tom): Huh!
One hop this time (Tom): Yeah they usually live in old stuff and trash unfortunately and they need an exterminator at the extremes
One hop this time (Tom): Jess's friends house was infested with house centipedes
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): CENTIPEDES?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA house centipedes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): http://extension.msstate.edu/sites/default/files/newsletter-images/bugs-eye-view/centipede.jpg
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH MY DOG
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): SASUKE
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I'LL POST THIS ISNTEAD
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): fudge i mssed up
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): THE CENTIPEDE IMAGEI SBACK
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): why do i keep failing
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): here we go
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): every time i fail to post that, i get a face full of house centipede
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wait we had house centipedes i think
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): before the silverfish
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea they scawy
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yeah euguhhh because there would always be like 10 of them on the ceiling above my bed and then i guess when the silverfish started coming they were driven out
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): whenever i saw something move i just booked it out of there
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
One hop this time (Tom): Oof yeah
One hop this time (Tom): I wanna know where that second floor door goes to
One hop this time (Tom): Narnia
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): to the backyard :3c
hope you enjoy freefalling
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): balcony?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): nope
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): our neighbors have balconies but we don't lol
One hop this time (Tom): Just a door to the air?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): yup
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): enjoy
One hop this time (Tom): Wow neeto
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo maybe it used to be a balcony?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): maybe? 🤔 but then why remove it?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe it wanst safe anymore?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and so when they sold the place the just decided to take it off
One hop this time (Tom): Tru could rotted
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my friend used to to have an unsafe balcony thingy at ther house and her mom was like "NO ONE GOES OUT THERE EVER, GOT IT"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): did you ever go on it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh hell no
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): another place they lived at her brother's room was the porch
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like i remember being there for her birthday in February and i was like "how is he not dead?"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): what doesn't kill him makes him stronger
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~he bullied me though so I didnt feel too bad~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): give me his address for reasons
One hop this time (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~i'm gonna need a few key knives too~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): don't worry i can pick locks
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I distinctly remember him coming into her room looking at me and my other friend and going "why are all your friends so fat and ugly?"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WHAT
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WHAT
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): WHAT
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): brb booking a plane ticket to fight him
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "hey bro are you sure you're not looking in a mirror"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea he was an asshole
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): p;/;,kk''
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😮
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no i broke her
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oops sorry i was printing a polaroid
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): i put the machine on the keyboard and u gotta twist the thing to get the picture out
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): it's cool i'mma bring it to cons
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo that ok
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the perfect representation of the touhou fandom
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): swag
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH MAWISA i has question
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hewnlo wasup
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do you celebrate Hanukkah and Christmas? (sorry if this is a bad question i am v. ignorant)
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): naw is fine!
yeah i celebrate both <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ok neato!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): hannukah party when
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): my old neighbor collects menorah and has an entire room of them so when they invite people over for hannukah parties every single person gets their own menorah to light
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): we can have a big game of texas hold em but instead of cash money it's gelt
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): where I grew up the jewish population is like 0, but now i live next to a synagogue so i know what day of Hanukkah it is now
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Woooaaaahhhh das neat 
Can you hear the goat horn when they blow it on certain holidays
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA gelt! my gramma gives those out on Christmas and sometimes dredels too i think it was her was of trying to tech us about other religions
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nooooo i wanna hear a goat horn!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wow religious memes
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): the horn is a shofar
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): omgggg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): religious memes can get pretty lit
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): is that statement itself a religious meme
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): HA lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what our time difference now? 12 hours?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 14 I think?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 3am here 1pm there?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA it 1
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Yee!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OO mawisa it late
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): No it’s not it’s only one on
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Dizzy: It's currently 13:56 in EST and 02:56 in Weebland.
Bill: !timecheck
Bill: Oop
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Dizzy is right again!!!
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Or not
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Rip
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): G 🌚 🌝 d n i g h t
Thank you for your ears friends. Eyes. The ears on your eyes. Thank you for them.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): GOODNIGHT HOPE YOU HAVE MANY GOOD SLEEP WE LOVE YOU
Bill: sleep well precious bean.
One hop this time (Tom): Many sleep
One hop this time (Tom): What friends brother jess
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Vikkis
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He made fun of me and Jenn all da time
One hop this time (Tom): Didn't even realize she had one
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye like 3 years older?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe 4
One hop this time (Tom): Wow yeah never knew
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YE HE WAS BIG BUTT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like i can recall 3 boys that made fun of me and maybe 1-2 girls but that shit affects you for so long
One hop this time (Tom): Yeah many people for me too
One hop this time (Tom): Mainly middle school
Bill: my whole grade <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Apparently people in HS, but behind my back!
One hop this time (Tom): I prefer behind my backd
One hop this time (Tom): Don't tell me that shit
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): 
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Screams
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMFG
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ***SCREAMS***
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHATS NEXT?! his mom? his sister? his dad this is ridiculous
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I STG if he made tha insta just to follow you
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): HE DID
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): HeS ONLY FOLLOWING ME
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): UGH
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Well NOW what
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IDK  😭
Bill: I dunno if this guy has mental issues or something, but this is getting to be excessive and creepy.
One hop this time (Tom): AAAAGHHHHHH <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
One hop this time (Tom): He def does
Bill: It's probably why random fucking people are messaging you about him.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he said he has autism so thats probably it
Bill: If anything you could say 'I'm not personally offended or anything, I just don't feel comfortable forming friendships online/through cons/this way.'
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea id go for something like that if anything
Bill: if anything yeah. You can just let it be.
Bill: I want to say he can be a follower but quite frankly I get stalker vibes so at a minimum block your story or if you must the account.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You *could* explain and hope his brother will understand but he also might not understand. "Your brother made me feel uncomfortable with his approach and persistence I don't usually make friends this was and im not comfortable with it. Im not trying to hurt anyone feeling but I need to protect myself from situations that i deem uncomfortable"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): of course then he could find offence in that and since you dont know they guy its a crap shoot
Bill: I only figured it was worth talking to the brother. actual guy is a crap shot.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I wouldnt try talking to the guy at all
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Yeaaah I think I like the “im not interested in making friends online” bit
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I was trying to nap and
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): 
Bill: Oh my fucking lord.
