Bill: 
Bill: Stupid Dashboard I shouldn't be in stupid charge of because it's the *exact opposite* of my skill set and job title yet I can't get rid of responsibility for the stupid thing and working on it makes *me* feel stupid and I'd like to feel fucking competent today.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): das a mood
Bill: I'm into my third fucking ad hoc for this STUPID FUCKING THING which they *insist* is a minor thing and doesn't require much overhead but HERE I AM, spending day after day putzing around like an IDIOT cause they don't UNDERSTAND THEIR OWN GODDAMN PROJECT.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): idk where to put this but plz appreciate my coworkers attempt to take a picture on a "blank background"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wow it's like he's in an empty vacuum. 
biru let that picture cheer u up
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~doxxed~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): wow your company is 2 and a half hours away from my house and also there's a car accident on the parkway
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): marisa come visit me at work
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): omw
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHOO
One hop this time (Tom): Wooo
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): /snickers at Hal not having content
Bill: 🙄
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ALSO I DIDNT KNOW REBECCA WAS ENGAGED??
Bill: You'll snicker and he'll probably come up with a shitton of content with Meg. Lissy bought a camera awhile back.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Yeah well just Meg 🙄
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I got Tom and Jess and you <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And BNE is mostly closer to me anyways
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Geographically
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): And some of them emotionally
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Me rebecca and Leanna really bonded at Geekdom
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~sobs in the background~~
Bill: ~~also sobs~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Oh no guys that doesn’t mean I’ve forsaken you 😭
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah it ok u guys were BNHA-ing it up
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I thought maybe the break up would sober hal up but noooope lookin that boy skipping class for league
Bill: Let him screw his own life up.
Bill: I'm about to kill someone over this dashboard. 

It's not myself.

It's everyone in the fucking room.

And then still not myself.

Then I'll burn the corpses, the room, and the dashboard down in blaze of fucking glory before I throw a resignation letter into the fire.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Oof
