Bill: Your answer: Exercise, like healthy adult.
My answer: Buy a new pillow with neck support.
Bill: Also Leanna wanted shoots, didn't follow up in BNE so I followed up in DM. She was like yeah sure, Gotta drive I'll reply, I ask some questions...
Bill: 👻
Bill: Like, I even started the DM. I don't *like* doing that.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): its a wonder i dont have neck or back pain between chest weight and physics stress
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): strong back muscles HOORAH
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): and hmmm maybe shes just not sure of her schedule
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): she hasnt committed to anything with hunter lately
Bill: Then say that. Ignoring messages is the worst.
Bill: Doesn’t exactly motivate me to help her out either.
Bill: Idk, my time is valuable and when people leave me hanging it’s like they don’t value it and by extension me. It’s annoying.
Bill: Huh.
Bill: Gord just setup a meeting for today, with the analytics team, from 11:30 to 12:30, with no description.
Bill: That's... worrying.
Bill: Oh, it coincides with a company wide meeting too. Why do I feel like the NYC office is getting close down. I know that’s like, worst case scenario and wouldn’t be it. But.
Total Nok-out (Marisa): brace for the worst and hope for the best? owo
Bill: They laid off 7 people whose roles were fading cause the client was giving less work than they used to.
Bill: Has *no* effect on NYC, and Gord wanted to confirm that we're absolutely fine, and we're actually working (with high praise) for the number one client Indellient has.
Bill: I had the right idea, but it's for Canada ~~so I kinda don't care~~.
Bill: Adam (leading Partner/Company President) is really a shitty announcer though, that was some unneccessary stress.
Bill: He started with like, 5 minutes about company direction, and everything's going well, and we're shifting focuses, then he was like but some roles don't fit with the new direction, so we had to terminate 7 people and I'm like 'oh shit'. THEN he continues to say NYC is unaffected.
Bill: Meg is working at starbucks too eeeeh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): same one?
Bill: No idea.
Bill: her story said perk of new job, free bucks.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): 🙄
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Yeah I saw that too
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ~~well at least they’re not dating cause meg thinks feelings are scary and hal is just dumb~~
Bill: who cares if they do? Delaware is a world away.
Bill: Delaware doesn't even exist.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i have to drive through delaware to get to the NASA space center so i hope the roads are at least still there 🤔
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i guess i could go around
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): but yeaaaah youre rightttt
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): he rolls with just meg now
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): when he couldve had TOM AND JESS AND MARISA AND YOU
Bill: ~~one of those is worse than the rest~~
Bill: But exactly that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~he just wants to party~~  ~~we are.... not good at that~~
Bill: Ignoring the general dislike for him as a person, it's good for him. I always felt like he had no friends down there. Hopefully Tyler knocks him on his ass in a drinking contest a few times.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): yeah... the maturity difference is definitely there
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): hes a party no-commitment boy
Bill: Mhmm.
Bill: Only pointed it out to you a million times.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i may not like the way hal handled things but i do not wan him to die in a drinking contest to tyler
Bill: I didn’t say die.
Bill: Drinking against Tyler is not *technically* suicide.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: He just means in a coma
Bill: Just close to it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i dont want that either
Bill: Like... Deku. He’s not suicidal, he just breaks 30 bones at a time.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): so... RTX 2018 part 2?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ~~except without a very patient and determined girlfriend there to literally save his life with the help of Peter and Tim~~
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): which is still, btw, a hell of a story
Bill: Truly you were wasted on him.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i was covered in throw up
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): that is the definition of true love LMAO
Bill: Learn from that mistake.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: There's no mistake
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): the mistake of............. dating immature people?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): because im pretty sure i made all the right moves as Throw Up Patrol
Bill: eh, listen to them. They're far more successful romantically, obviously.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't think either was a mistake, you lived and learned and that's life. It's not a mistake. And taking care if someone you love is becer a mistake
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): jess youre so wise 😭 👌
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh thank
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): not like i would say no, but i really wish people would ask for +1s _privately_
Bill: *Yeaaaaah* asking publicly is a power play.
Bill: Saying no in front of the group is a pressure situation so it's easier to get a yes.
Bill: Benefit of the doubt; Heather asked on the event so Leanna did too. But I'm still salty about her not replying so *burn her*.
Bill: oooh, was looking at Vincent's machine to check a line of code, he got linkedin open in chrome.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is that bad?
Bill: Could be searching for a new position.
Bill: It won't impact me, but interesting.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): some people use linked in kinda like facebook
Bill: true.
Bill: It still iiiinnnnnteresting.
Bill: WONDERFUL my train is cancelled.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no! that sucks
Bill: This works. There’s a train to Dover, and since my parents are back they can get me there.
Andrew: Good
