Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): speaking of dudes talking too you that you dont want to talk about. Mr i hate my wife tries to strike up  conversation with me. I literally "road block" him the whole time. People can not fucking read people at all
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): oof
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he complaining about the data collection side of the website and im like "whats not my problem i dont even have access to that"
"Well let me talk to you about it anyway, you know what they need to do? blahblahblah"
and im just answering with "oh, ok, yea, i dont know anything about that" kepps going anyway tho
I do what I want(tm): NICE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): preceeds to brag about a free laptop he got?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I DONT CARE
Bill: New plan.
Bill: Tom, send Jess flowers.
Bill: at work.
Bill: When toolbag is there.
I do what I want(tm): Genius
I do what I want(tm): "oh you must be pretty pissed at your husband huh"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YUP
I do what I want(tm): "did he cheat on you?"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that exactly the kinda guy he is
Bill: oof.
Bill: You can still zing him though.
I do what I want(tm): "I told you it wasn't gonna work out"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "marriage is shit"
I do what I want(tm): My opinion holds more value than yours cuz I'm mad and older than you
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): YEAH send a GIANT thing of flowers and a teddy bear and maybe some food. But not edible arrangements those places are rip offs.
Bill: Like, fucking over kill.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "I am MAN and OLD so i am SMART and you should listen to me"
Bill: *pick Jess up on a white horse*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): PICK ME UP IN YOUR BROTHER"S MUSTANG
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he was bragging about his mustang this morning
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): michals is nicer and newer
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): _we all send jess flowers and say its from tom_
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): And then the next day talk all about how he took you to the spa and you ate grapes in a Norwegian sauna together while gazing at the sunset
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG yes
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dudes like fucking 68 too like plz get your old manness away from me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i cant wait for my coworker to come back
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): 
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): What. The fuck.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NO NO NO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you have got to be kidding me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): SERIOUSLY NO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): W H A T
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Is this an elaborate prank holy fudge
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Is it a real account
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): blocked them oops
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): dont have time to deal with people begging to be my friend
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): good
I do what I want(tm): Bro hahahahajah
I do what I want(tm): How is this real
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I wonder if he used her account without her knowing or if he actually begged someone to message you
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Same typing style kind of but everyone types like that on mobile
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Taking bets now on a threepeat
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~Georgia you’re the only cosplayer in the world you gotta be his friend~~
Bill: ~~I hate when the cosplay community makes me think Jake's witch hunts are justified~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ~~think of the skin condition~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Who that
Bill: Jake Scribbles. Casey Sander's boyfriend, leader of the witch hunt crap with Snow.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Ah yes I definitely understand all of that
Bill: See how I get all riled up when people harass you three (and Tom I guess, I suppose it could happen)?

Take that up to 11.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Sounds like a lawsuit waiting to happen yikes
Bill: Kinda.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): people have hit on tom so 🤷
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Hit them in return
Bill: He's got a strong voice on social media, is closely attached to Casey (the boyfriend thing is still a secret), and is privvy to all the drama.
Bill: This is quotable.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): respectfully thou a guy asked him to dance one and he said no and the guy was like "ok coo" there was another time too? but i cant remeber
Bill: Oh it wasn't a girl.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nope guys
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>  didnt 2 guys hit on you?
Bill: > "Hey you, you're like, irl anime boy. Let me buy you a drink."
> Tom: *stares at wall*
> "... Hey, wall guy."
> Tom: *Doesn't move*
> "Look I'll put up with some weird stuff for your looks but"
> Tom: *you guessed it*
> "Okay fine!, god!"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): honestly id rather just have a guy come up and say "wanna dance" or "wanna go out" or " i think you are cute" cuz then you can say "thanks but Im not interested"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its when they come under this "trying to make friend guise" that gets annoying LIKE no you arnt trying to make friends
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NOW im not saying that they always resepct that
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I’m going to come up with a list of the creepiest and most outlandish ways to ask you guys to dance. 
“May I have the honor of placing my hand on your back for several minutes while we sway back and forth staring awkwardly into each other’s eyes, milady?”
Bill: But remember what *Ethan* said, gotta make friends with the guy so she "Doesn't expect it".
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ethans a god damn idiot
Bill: *louder!*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ETHANS AN IDIOT
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): oh now I see what my neighbor meant about people yelling above my apartment at night
Bill: ***louder***
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Use three asterisk
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like ive had guys interested in my that weren't creepy about it:
"hey i think you are really attractive and nice, would you want to hang out, like as a date"
"Aw thank you, I really appreciate it but im actually engaged"
"aw ok, he's a lucky guy" 
like it aint that hard to respect people
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): begging for anything out of someone is usually ~~pathetic~~ ineffective anyways
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): BUT THEN you get into how certain  guys respect other men over the woman they are trying to get
Situation A:
"wanna go out"
"Im not interested"
"Come on why not?"

Situation B: 
"wanna go out"
"I have a boyfriend"
"oh ok bye"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): man i could discuss this shit all day
Bill: ~~you could argue my friendship with Georgia started in a similar vein~~
Bill: It’s been mulling around in my head today, no where near the same though.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): argue?
Bill: Well, we hit it off in messenger after the first Pyrrha shoot.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea did you immediately beg to be friends?
Bill: ~~pretty sure I thought I was straddling a line between getting a call out post for even talking to her and generic pleasantries.~~
Bill: But nope. There’s not that much similar beside the medium.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea so a non issue. it all about reading people
I do what I want(tm): 
Bill: Yeah, like I said i mulled it around already, few similarities.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I disnt realize if you are a balck belt you have to register your hands as weapons
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nvm thats fake news <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): catch me 14 pages deep in knife laws btw
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do some cons have metal detectors?
Bill: Ota did iirc.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hmm that kinda puts knives as a defense option out at cons, and each state has different laws too, and if you actually use it youd probably get into more trouble than the the person who was trying to hurt or rape you
Bill: intimidation factor though.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wow laws are cray
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): some states allow kiced blades ut not pocket knives, some allow pocket knives but not fixed blades. some have special laws against "disguised blades" like my key knife
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): BILL YOU WERENT CRINGE THO
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): its how it was said earlier: the creep factor comes from not taking no as an answer, or being oblivious, or in hazelnuts case, guilt tripping
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): you did none of the three
Bill: I know, I know. Thanks for reassuring me though.
Bill: It's just the first thought I had.
Bill: 😊
I do what I want(tm): I'm glad his name is hazelnut <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): 
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): What kinda vague ass comment
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I JUST READ THAT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like what does that mean?
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): I THINK THEYRE TRYING TO LIKE ROLEPLAY BUT IDK
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I don't know either? Maybe they are quoting something from the anime or manga?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Maybe they are referring to Rei? Idk man I am so confused
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But in that case that's a threat
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): Cause the quote was “you have a crush on him... don’t you” so I assume they’re referring to that?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I guess so. Idk man weird
