Bill: Flora messaged me cause she hasn’t seen much of me online recently.
Bill: She is too good for this earth.
Bill: This isn’t rage, just pure appreciation.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Flora is so pure
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I can’t wait for her to cosplay Flora
Bill: Fire emblem?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Yee her and meg were gonna do flora and Jakob and said I could be their corn ❤
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Yesssss
Bill: I think I’m thinking of a different flora.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Oo
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Rip who’s this new flora
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I’ll have to have other flora fight her
Bill: Fire emblem 7.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): OH video game floras
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
Bill: 
Bill: Yeaaaaah I haven’t posted to Instagram since the week before Georgia and I went to the observatory. I can see why she says I’m awol.
Bill: ~~I’m low key touched she’d be worried about me~~
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): She also saw my Instagram post maybe she’s joining the bandwagon on pressuring you to post
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): The one where I threatened you <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Excuse, shouldn’t you be...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Flora seems like a genuinly really nice person I've never gotten to really talk to her but she seem nice
Bill: What was the thing you were going to do if I didn’t post in 24 hours?
Bill: Incredibly sweet.
Bill: I’ll introduce you next time I’m seeing her. Hopefully Katsu.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Flora saved me so many times. She lent me her sock glue before going on stage
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I was gonna eat more the the recommended dose of daily chewy vitamins aND I DID SO THERE HOW DOES THAT FEEL
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): I ATE FOUR INSTEAD OF TWO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): IM PRACFICALLY EXHALING VITAMIN B
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): MY TEARS ARE A COMBINATION OF BLOOD AND VITAMIN K12
Bill: ,...?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): You brought this upon yourself
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ghh ok I did it i sent in my letter of resignation for work hhhhhh i hope I did it correctly
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): i 🐝 🍃 in you!
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): I'm sure you did, I'm sure it's a fantastic Letter. What really matters I'm sure is the fact that you politely stated that you are leaving. I think that's really it.
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Everything else is just flavah
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): ye. I wrote an e-mail to the boss that was a bit personal-ish (outlining that I've got 6 classes and no time for work anymore, they knew when hiring me that I was a student and allowed me to prioritize school), and then I've had an actual letter sitting in my files for like 2 weeks that I attached as a formal statement of resignation. I just changed the date on it owo
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): That sounds perfect
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): watch him send an e-mail back like "no"
Chicken Elfriede(o) (Tom): Your reply is just "yes I understand my bad"
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): "new phone who dis"
Bill: I finally get here and I get messaged from like three different problems.
Bill: AUGH
Bill: HA!
Bill: I made progress!
