Bill: One of the IBMers I don’t work with directly but whose basically the only one left doing happy hour told me Jing is the Pricing (my) team favorite.
Bill: I kinda knew already, she does work that interests them and I don’t, but I can’t help being bothered a little that’s it’s apparently a talking point.
Bill: I mean, fuck em, as long as Gord likes my work, which he does.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): my bosses son literally interrupts everyone all he fucking time but i interrupted him once on accident just now and hes like "let me finish OK!?"
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): omg
rude
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): fight him
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like you can do it all the time but if someone does it you you dont like it?
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): get everybody to keep "accidentally" doing it a ton
Bill: Being on the stupid morning call is far more annoying now that Naveen let slip they clearly like Jing better.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): also it low key annoys me cuz he doesn't seems to care when men interrupt him but when women do he gets bothered?
Bill: I don't want to waste my morning listening to your crap, and ever time I speak I feel like they smirk about something I say.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): jess, start manspreading in his presence and get some really loud news. the louder your shoes click against the floor the more dominant you are in the office.

 biru, say it all with an evil smirk on your face so that if they smirk then it's like you're in a gang
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im sure its nothing personal Billy maybe they just find her more relatable
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we have carpet 😭
Bill: I *know*, I figured out they liked her more than me due to the way we split the work a long time ago.
Bill: But hearing it directly is like well fuck you too.
Bill: Not that Naveen works directly on anything with this group anymore.
No pain, Nokri, No game (Marisa): get tap shoes and start replacing the ground with tile

wow that's messed up. cliquey work culture? start wearing ladder shades.
Bill: IBM is a fucking shit show.
Bill: Whatever. I just don't want to sit here, giving them an update that I don't need to give them, that they don't want to hear.
Bill: Gord's been satisfied with my work and he spoke to a few team members for my review and they told him the team's glad to have me so?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): maybe its not that they dont like you, your just not their fav? liiiiike purple/red is my fav color but all the others are still really great
Bill: It's *probably* that.
Bill: ~~does Thor do data analytics~~
Elfriede of commitment?: Probably.. maybe
Bill: Not in Newton, at least according to their job posting.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i literally thought you mean Thor like the super hero and i was so confused
Bill: GET ME ANOTHER CSV
Bill: *throws laptop*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats kinda what my first thought was lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): All these old curriculum documents are a mess, but that proabbly cuz they were made in Quark 🤔  or maybe cuz the girl who made them had no idea what she was doing ahlf the time
Bill: ~~Hal learn how to take a screen cap correctly~~
