秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): definitely not an ecchi anime
what is she even stuck on
https://i.imgur.com/bgcdNkU.gif
Bill: but does it belong on a list titled "7 anime to watch since Tumblr is banning porn"?
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): ooo that's what the article is about.
then they should list that monk hentai and killing stalking
Bill: Hell, Queen's Blade isn't even on the list.
Bill: False advertising.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hmmm maybe cuz these are only one availble on cronchroll?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): man this tab rn....
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): looking like shes awkward humping a ghost
Bill: or being humped.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the looping makes he look realy dumb, like a dog that got its head caught
Bill: *To be honest she's probably that dumb*
Bill: Hoshizora was VN adaption, and the VN was definitely waifu material.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): also hoshizora
Bill: o*wow*.
Bill: I don't remember the show well.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): that's what happens when you watch ecchi shows
Bill: ~~Considering the whole show is lewd, how could you even know anything about it~~
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): ~~it's my job to know all anime~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wait
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats not what thst supposed to be used for?
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): the bucket?
it's for carrying your stuff into the bathroom and dumping water over your head to wash your hair
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah, the bucket hanger, you know, that thing guys have in between their legs? ive got know where to hang my bucket, v. inconvenient
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): what do you mean. there's nothing there. look at a ken doll.
Bill: *well, you get two*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): those are rigid enough to hang buckets
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): WAHAT IS SHES STUCK ON AHHHH
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): she's stuck on the objectification of the moe waifu
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OH
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OK
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): people are amazing
