Nokri (Marisa): what is happening in splatoon
Nokri (Marisa): 
Afina (GeorgiaðŸ€): ðŸ˜®
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): How did you find that shoot so fast
Nokri (Marisa): google
Elfriede (Tom): Pfft mizores not even canon color smh
Nokri (Marisa): 0/10 wrong panties
Bill: 
Bill: 
Aldus (Jess): OH
Nokri (Marisa): maybe she's just stretching
Bill: Yeah, white dress. Caster becomes her master and wants to quote *break* her.
Bill: Which is why I poke fun at Marisa. ðŸ˜›
Nokri (Marisa): the photog i hired for that costume sucked. never gave me my pictures so i had to download like he posted on facebook, and he charged me extra saying i'd get more pics. rude.
Aldus (Jess): D:!
Bill: Eh. If you want pics we can do them, though the Fate fandom at cons is annoying.
Nokri (Marisa): so much fate. i know u busy so i won't bother.
Bill: *Marisa*
Nokri (Marisa): that's me!
Elfriede (Tom): Is this legit?
Elfriede (Tom): Like official art
Nokri (Marisa): the fate ones? ye
Bill: First one is game art, the second looks like a promotional art for the Unlimited Blade Works anime.
Nokri (Marisa): ye it's from a magazine, they put stuff like that in newtype
Bill: I just hit google images real quick.
Nokri (Marisa): comiket is horrifying
Bill: Yeah, newtype is what I thought.
Aldus (Jess): OMG NOOOO ðŸ˜­
Aldus (Jess): thats terrifying
Bill: If lucky Star is any indication, Comiket is like two Katsucon crowds in one gaylord.
Nokri (Marisa): way way bigger
Nokri (Marisa): if there's a crowd like that the staff will count down every few minutes so the cosplayers can get a quick pose break
Nokri (Marisa): katsu is like a stroll through a desert in comparison
Bill: ~~this is why I worry about being called a creep for just having a camera~~
Bill: Bloody sexually repressed Japanese.
Aldus (Jess): mawisa pwease be careful when you go â¤
Nokri (Marisa): thank â¤ i should be fine even in swimsuit cos because i'm not cosfamous or kawaii. i've seen pictures of others in swimsuit cosplays that didn't seem to be popular and i was super unpopular at animejapan
Bill: ~~Or just don't go~~
Nokri (Marisa): funnee joke
Bill: your track record shows you're quite popular when you cosplay and some of the attention is *un*wanted. >.>
Nokri (Marisa): oh like yuri guy? lol yuri guy
Aldus (Jess): escuse? you are kawaii af
Bill: also true.
Nokri (Marisa): moe moe kyun weebs
Aldus (Jess): which swimsuit? evengelion?
Nokri (Marisa): ye. comiket gets so hot that peoples sweat literally forms an indoor cloud
Aldus (Jess): D:
Aldus (Jess): that sounds terrible
Aldus (Jess): send message every half hour to confirm you havent die
Bill: We'll ship Tom to Japan for safety.
Nokri (Marisa): adverse weather conditions
status effect: sweat cloud
Aldus (Jess): is it this weekend?
Nokri (Marisa): next weekend <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> 
i gotta finish morg's leg things and figure out what leggings to use for mari. i ordered pink thigh highs but i dunno if i should wear black tights under them or not
Bill: Yes, japan is full of creeps.
Nokri (Marisa): *but which is more true to the character*
cosplay is art
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: *it is but you stuck alone over there*
Nokri (Marisa): i have the power of gaijin smash
Nokri (Marisa): the foreigner pass to break any and all social norms
Bill: while that is actual significant in Japan, still.
Elfriede (Tom): Am here for sates
Nokri (Marisa): tom the hitman
Aldus (Jess): gets them bike shorts girl, that way if you get upskirted they are met with dissapointment
Nokri (Marisa): oh yeah!! i have those for morgiana. i learned you should wear them even if your skirt is floor-length because the wind can be really really strong. also morgiana is all about legs and any poses I can think of will require standing on one leg
Nokri (Marisa): unless alibaba fits paula! then we can do ship-ish shots
Aldus (Jess): wheeeee
Aldus (Jess): i wear them with anything shorter than knee length unless its 2b ~~cuz cosplay is art and i have to be accurate~~
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna make those tights that fade to black they seem cool
Aldus (Jess): ooo that would be neat
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus (Jess): yea thats coo!
