Bill: https://danbooru.donmai.us/pools/1004 Haruhi comic. (Site v nsfw)
Bill: Cause of the blur it looks like Tsuyu has one Mega Tit.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh God I hate it
Bill: ~~also Uraraka's right leg is like, detached from her hip and I can't unsee it~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): her this is like 8 miles wrong
Bill: yeah like.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "how will i know theyre being sexy?"
"tongues out. yes."
Bill: I liked the first Uraraka but like.
Bill: Each one gets progressively worse.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😬
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 😭
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Every picture her style worsens
Bill: yeah.
Aldus Larian (Jess): SHE USED TO BE SO MUCH BETTER AHH
Bill: There's maybe one nice one a month...
Bill: Maybe I should take the 14 a month for the patreon and like, use it to do Dishwasher's lewd tier.
Bill: But I also can't justify paying 25 dollars for patreon.
Bill: one patreon.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I'm such a cheapo. I support 2 patreons, both at their $5 tier lol
Bill: Bach is overpriced at 25.
Bill: Most people you get the art, lewd and not, for 15.
Aldus Larian (Jess): im such a ceapo i dont support any D:
Bill: I have a few 5 backings, two 1 dollar backs, but I can't motivate myself to pay 25 for Bach's lewds.
Bill: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the second one I support is that MM comic girl and I almost decided to unfollow her because she hadn't posted anything last month but she just sent out an update
Bill: you can follow people on patreon without paying for the content. I just found that out.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: ~~and now I'm just thinking art lewds are a poor substitute for irl lewds~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Which direction am I supposed to read this in lol
Bill: I don't get twitter.
Aldus Larian (Jess): top down its a comment on something else
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh wow what the fuck
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): me and chris were talking about that yesterday, how until like current times, it was just a thing that people would say women dont enjoy sex and that you "can't rape your wife" 

and like the laws in different states are fucking disgusting on the topic
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but not until 1993 was is illegal to rape your wife (and theres still loopholes in the laws).... how absolutely revolting
Im SURE that guy thinks its not possible
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA ugh dont get me started
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea and now some crazy shit is going on in? alabama? georgia?
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats what the comment is on
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://www.thewrap.com/alyssa-milano-sex-strike-esponse-to-georgias-anti-abortion-law-sex-strike/
Aldus Larian (Jess): this is what the first person is responding too
Bill: The top tweet makes sense now.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i needed to find the thing
Bill: And yeah my facebook feed is 90% stuff is on the georgia laws.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): god, fucking yikes
Aldus Larian (Jess): I am now full with feminist rage
Bill: Understandable it's some fucked up shit.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh ye some congresswomen actually proposed this bill
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Political statement obviously, but a hilarious one
Bill: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnxYdq6cPFw it's not nudity but uh. What the fuck is this, Harvest Moon but you grow tits rather than food?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): WHAT THE FUCK
