Nokri (Marisa): it's nearing comiket so my twitter is getting more lewd reblogs
some of them have very interesting anatomy and perspective
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh lawd
Aldus Larian (Jess): her boobs are like bags of liquid
Aldus Larian (Jess): it gets worse the longer you lok
Nokri (Marisa): her legs just get thinner and thinner
Nokri (Marisa): no abdomen only breasts
Nokri (Marisa): like chicken
Aldus Larian (Jess): also why is she pouring champagne on her bag tities ?
Nokri (Marisa): at least her head is bigger than her chest
Nokri (Marisa): so clumsy haha oops
El氣電e Faun (Tom): shes filling them up
El氣電e Faun (Tom): with the champegengenge
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh god
El氣電e Faun (Tom): its actually a fake abdomin chest that holds champange
El氣電e Faun (Tom): god that really does hurt to look at
Aldus Larian (Jess): i need to start selling bath water or some shit, cosplay is expensive
Nokri (Marisa): <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): why
Nokri (Marisa): is that like. an apron
why doesn't their shirt go all the way down
Nokri (Marisa): these girls are not okay
Aldus Larian (Jess): 沽ｭ
Bill: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ca0gm6/people_who_ordered_belle_delphines_bathwater_why/
Bill: Oh fuck this I was expecting cringe and someone took it to a level I didn't need.
Bill: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ca0gm6/people_who_ordered_belle_delphines_bathwater_why/et5pesf/
Nokri (Marisa): dude didn't even buy the bathwater, pssh
Bill: Redditors might not be the best example of human beings but that hit too close to home and I'm hella uncomfortable. Happy international kissing day.
Nokri (Marisa): reddit is one of the most popular websites in existence and has people of all ages, from all countries and all different walks of life
Aldus Larian (Jess): The levels of dehumanization that go into that mindset are terrifying. All though I understand that that girl in particular tries to present herself as a level of perfect. Scary stuff
Nokri (Marisa): i wonder what streamer they were talking about where the kid and their mother visited them. that sounds interesting.
a lot of people consider internet personalities to be their good friends
Aldus Larian (Jess): Terrifying
Nokri (Marisa): this guy showed up in the middle of the night expecting to stay with his favorite streamer
https://kotaku.com/when-fans-take-their-love-for-twitch-streamers-too-far-1794815112
Nokri (Marisa): he bought a one-way ticket from singapore and walked 25 miles to his favorite streamer's house and knocked on the door at one in the morning asking to stay with him, and when he wasn't allowed in (after the streamer offered to pay for an uber and a hotel) he started camping out on the guy's back porch
Aldus Larian (Jess): People are scary
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I remember a time when I fell in love in a dream with a side character from MegaMan battle network
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And when I say side character I mean had no dialogue
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I was like 14 but still
Nokri (Marisa): that sounds like the plot of a reincarnation manga
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I was really sad when I woke up
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Also yeah thinking internet personalities are your friends is so widespread and a big oof
Nokri (Marisa): ~~new cosplay for jess~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: Well according to that, in four years I'll be just like that. 汨
Nokri (Marisa): u wot
Bill: I'm not opening it up again, but they basically describe it as 'if you haven't had a real healthy relationship in your late 20s you start to crave it in weird ways before boom, depression (ding), anxiety (ding), and buying bath water to fill the void.' Then of course there was the guy who commented "I did alot to better myself and I'm 29 now and  it's impossible to find anyone so late in the game". 

Like I said I don't think their the best examples of people in the world but I came expecting to laugh at bathwater jokes and got bleak and relatable outlooks on life.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah, i read the whole thing. yeah, it makes sense. it's not impossible to find someone when a person is 29, the average age of marriage for men in the US is 29-30

i think you've honestly been acting really odd/uncharacteristically lately and it's very concerning, it would be nice if you opened up to us more.
Nokri (Marisa): *biru speak to us* 沐ｪ
Bill: I'm fine. I just took discord off my phone the other week cause I got tired of checking it all the time. Focusing on being happy by myself and if I'm constantly checking for chats with friends, I'm not really by myself.
Nokri (Marisa): *are you sure*
Nokri (Marisa): if i find out you're not okay and you're lying i'm going to turn you into a toothpaste oreo
Bill: I'm the same as always.
Bill: I don't like to talk all the time either. I either feel like I'm talking to a brick wall, or like my complaining is driving people away. Sometimes I need to help myself.
Nokri (Marisa): helping yourself is good, but is also a way for someone to get stuck in their own head
if you feel like that when you talk, tell us. like you just did. and we can figure out why you feel that way through the power of internet discourse
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea, also loving I'm your head is how you end up having those types of negative thought
Bill: which negative thoughts?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well any really
