Bill: Yo the Velvet design is pretty great from Dish, but why has no one anywhere commented on the boob job.
Aldus Larian (Jess): imma be honest with you i mostly ignore the auto posts
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it's just expected at this point
N🆗ri (Marisa): What’s wrong with it
Bill: He hasn't done that with all the designs I don't think.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea he has
Bill: And I don't mean *you* had to comment, even people freaking on instagram about the design don't notice.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i mean unless you dont count yang cause she already has big boobs
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oh yeah he makes everyone’s chest big. They’ve pretty much all got the same body.
Bill: oh true I forgot about Ruby.
Bill: Blake's isn't bad.
Bill: comment redacted.
N🆗ri (Marisa): They all identical
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~they all kinda have same face syndrome too now that i'm looking at them all~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the only one without large chest is weiss i think
Bill: 
Bill: ~~screen cap of the full rez cause big boi~~
Bill: But Weiss, Blake, Izetta, Nora, Penny, Neo don't seem ridiculous.
Bill: Admittedly everyone in canon is too old for a growth spurt during the time skip so.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea, tthey all still bigger than canon
N🆗ri (Marisa): Hashtag flat justice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): was lookin for line up pics
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I knew someone was gonna do it <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: *lewd an anime character?*
Bill: What are we, barbarians?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Well I mean redo this particular scene BUT YEAH
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): todoroki is more of a one tiddy out look
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk why the hair is so white jo
N🆗ri (Marisa): O yeah. Are you sure that’s todoroki and not his sister?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oh yeah because the scar
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): everyone's too distracted by Velvet with adorable twin tails to notice her chest
Bill: lol
Bill: His sister is cool, from the two scenes she's in.
Bill: Spin off when.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I just noticed the updated Velvet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/reddit-october-brotherinlaw-4cuyucPeVWbNS
