Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): SURE IS
Nokri (Marisa): that's so funny
Andrew: oh boy
Andrew: here we are
Nokri (Marisa): his chest looks like a roll of dinner buns
Aldus Larian (Jess): There's no dick yet. But I expect it to be posted here. 👀 For gender eqaulity 👀👀
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): OS THAT KYLO REN
Aldus Larian (Jess): Might as well be
Nokri (Marisa): super buff lelouch 🐃
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): HOW MANY ABS IS THAT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): IM DEAD
Nokri (Marisa): spot the difference
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Sakimi why
Aldus Larian (Jess): He's supposed bro be a skinny boi who can't run
Yes she draws all her bois that way.
Aldus Larian (Jess): She has like one body for each
Nokri (Marisa): equality
Andrew: lool
Andrew: looving it
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm just sayin we got a dick deficit around here
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): He has no bulge
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Where is his dick
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ikr?
Aldus Larian (Jess): She gonna stick it on there for the NSFW don't u worry
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oof
Nokri (Marisa): that sucks
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): She used to give characters like freckles and shit and now she doesn't
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Shes gotten so lazy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea seriously
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): She didnt even TRY to get anatomy right
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ooooof
Aldus Larian (Jess): She just pumps the stuff out to sell more
Nokri (Marisa): patreon is probably her job
Nokri (Marisa): omg yeah it has to be
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes it is
Andrew: ok i have seen her work before
Andrew: alot
Andrew: just didnt know it was her
Nokri (Marisa): lowest tier is $3 and she has 7173 followers
that's at least $22734 twice per month?? or am i getting something wrong??
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's just sad to see her lose the individually
Bill: She's the most consistent producer I've ever seen tho.
Nokri (Marisa): she's obscenely rich omg
Bill: Like, I can say I wouldn't want to pay 14 for one drawing a month.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes cuz she just draws the same face, body, and posses o er and over
Andrew: sher found what works and is pumping it
Bill: true.
Andrew: genius
Bill: The tittys may play a part in me still backing her.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yikes
Andrew: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's not like anime tities are hard to find bro
Bill: No.
Bill: Also I realize that reads more lewd than I meant.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like the characters don't even look like the characters anymire
Bill: I'm saying I probably tolerate more crappy art because it's lewd art, consistent lewd art.
Bill: With the intermediate tier, which is the most important part to me.
Bill: Actual lewds have no use to me.
Aldus Larian (Jess): She also does do originals anymore
Bill: Like, some of the intermediate ones you can use as background and dare I say almost look good, the ones with full nudity are like... 'well this is nice'.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like if you go back she has original character arts and they look so much better
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Look! Different! Not the same pose! Actually looks like it's sourse material!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Real size chests wow
Bill: I still back her because her art is pretty nice to look at it (if you don't look closely) and I like getting new, high res part of characters I usually like. There's something to be said about high res images for back grounds, you can tell the difference.
Aldus Larian (Jess): For computers yea
Aldus Larian (Jess): But like there's so much art out there
Bill: not at 4000x4000+ rez tho.
Bill: at least all from the same artist.
Bill: I could browse image boards for high res tagged images, but then you get a variety of artists.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm looking at her old stuff and just getting sad again
Nokri (Marisa): you can browse booru by artist too
Bill: Anyway I'm totally lost in my own train of thought, tittys nice, not reason for backing Sakimi still. I'm debating dropping actually.What I meant before is as a male I'm probably inherently more tolerant of her art flaws of late cause it's for the sake of male gaze.
Bill: ~~marisa you aren't allowed on boorus, they're LEWD~~
Nokri (Marisa): there are plenty of sfw booru
Aldus Larian (Jess): Look! They actually look like them! They don't have the same face ahhhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): This is an original
Bill: ~~anyway I'm not a creepy anime perv~~
Nokri (Marisa): need booru to access drawings with good anatomy like this
Bill: Marisa that's lewd.
Andrew: very
Nokri (Marisa): no it's not she's fully clothed
Nokri (Marisa): long sleeves
Andrew: the proportions make it a little crrepoy
Andrew: the anatomy*
Andrew: reminds me of FoW
Nokri (Marisa): this is the ideal human body
Aldus Larian (Jess): Another original ahhhh
Andrew: where are you going for these old pics?
Andrew: patreon?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Deviant art
Andrew: ahh
Andrew: thought so
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk why it bothers me I just hate the feeling that's she's lost the freedom in her art because of Patreon
Bill: mm.
Bill: That's a mood.
Andrew: Thats like
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's not my life but like idk it sad
Andrew: the artists eternal struggle
Nokri (Marisa): jess you gotta promise not to become that when you're the next da vinci
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea right 😂
Nokri (Marisa): *you gotta promise*
Aldus Larian (Jess): I promise 😂
Andrew: pinky swear
Aldus Larian (Jess): Pinky swear
Aldus Larian (Jess): I was waiting for Lennas hot take 👀
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh sorry LMAO I'm just dumbfounded by how bad shes gotten
Bill: ~~she gunna call me out as a perv~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Like all the ones you linked are so good
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I mean
Nokri (Marisa): leanna sitting in a state of petrified shock
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): You said it xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA! You always bring the fresh thoughts so I was interested in your opinion
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I think theres far better lewd art out there that's much more worth your money though
Bill: I originally backed for the RWBY series.
Nokri (Marisa): example A
Bill: I guess I just stuck with it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I'm sure there are other artists who do something similar to sakimi
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But..
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Better
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeaaaa. Like I enjoy male anatomy so I kinda just take what I can get but I ain't paying for it
Bill: Mm. I'll ditch her eventually. The art quality itself is pretty good though.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But I think it's better to support artists who are actually putting effort into what they're putting out. You can tell sakimi is losing love for her art
Nokri (Marisa): a lot of anime lewds tend to go in a rapey direction
Bill: That true.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): So I think maybe you'll be better off searching for another better artist in the meantime while still getting sakimi shit
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But tbh the work shes been putting out lately
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Is hella bad
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Like cringeworthy
Bill: I was thinking about taking that 14 a month and getting Bach's lewd tier, but 25 dollars for lewds I'm going to look at once and dump in a folder is too rich for my blood.
Nokri (Marisa): in searching for another artist for jess i found this cute picture
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Theres more than just Bach and sakimi though so just keep that in mind
Bill: that art is fucking cute.
Bill: Yeah I back more than them lol
Nokri (Marisa): that artist is throtem
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:thenflourish:564838295108976680>
Bill: That A2 from this morning was another artist I back.
Bill: AutomaticGiraffee.
Bill: Draws sketches only but I love the style and they draw characters I like.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~one of my kind~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa it's Leanna's cousin
Bill: (which is the other reason I back a particular artist, I want to like most of the art I'm paying for)
Bill: Though now that we're talking about it the last time I changed my background I went through Sakimi's download folder and basically said "I can't use any of this" so I reaaaaally should drop it.
Nokri (Marisa): o a ruby
Aldus Larian (Jess): I unboxed an artist on Tumblr saying I really enjoyed their work and thought they were really good and and were like <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh isn't that from that RWBY hentai dojin?
Bill: I was going to say that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It made me feel good that they were so excited to  be called a good artist
Nokri (Marisa): WHAT
Nokri (Marisa): RUBY NO
Andrew: lewded
Bill: Yeaaaah if it's not the actual art that's fanart of it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea idk much about it but they talked about it in BNE once
Bill: Gen was going to cosplay it I think.
Bill: https://sdl-stickershop.line.naver.jp/stickershop/v1/sticker/1534740/android/sticker.png;compress=true
Nokri (Marisa): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh I like that one
Bill: I need to use Pixiv.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Good anatomy
Bill: Well it's a trap so.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea das good shit
Bill: That's why they put so much effort in
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Trap is baddddd dont sayyy that
Andrew: dont let john see
Andrew: hes already activated all the trap cards
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~its a transphobic term~~
Bill: 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But ye I like that character
Bill: Oh?
Nokri (Marisa): You know who used to be so popular but now is so obscure
Bridget from Guilty Gear
Nokri (Marisa): Bring him back
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wait is the oh? A question about the term being transphobic? Or about Leanna liking Alphonse?
Bill: I assumed the term originated outta japan and is pretty weeb specific. Didn't realize it bleed into the LGBTQ space.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It implies that trans people are trying to "trick" people
Bill: I've never seen it used for anything other than anime bois in girls clothings, usually done as a type of trope character like 'tsundere' or 'maid'.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah people get called traps
Bill: Never knew.
Aldus Larian (Jess): The more you know 🌈
Bill: ye!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh thank you jess, sorry I didnt see your question bill woops
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea! I hope it was a decent explaination at least
Bill: nbd. Tis good to know, like I said I've never seen trap used out of a character type trope.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea it covered the bases!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): That's valid. Just a good thing to be conscious  of
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh yeah Bridget!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And yeah alstopho is a cute boi, cannot lie
Elfriede Faun (Tom): What's not to like
Bill: https://instagram.com/ao.david23?igshid=17k6x4ajksy9s Sakimi did one good thing, inspired this person. Much better than her in similar style.
