N🆗ri (Marisa): giant
Bill: Limited preview for once.
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's just like 1/50th of them
Bill: Literally though.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): shiny toddy
Bill: The rest of the image?
Bill: Titty.
Bill: She looks badass tho. Giving her that.
Bill: Nice expression.
N🆗ri (Marisa): the rest of the picture is just gonna be
Bill: Oh god Eiken.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): From that preview, her tit looks bigger than her head
Bill: Oh wow that is terrifying.
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's gotta be
N🆗ri (Marisa): i know this is mai and not momo but same concept
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You can actually *feel* the pull of gravity in that once
N🆗ri (Marisa): you're right it's far too plain
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i just got instant back pain looking at that image
Bill: That. Uh. Shirt I guess you could call it.
Bill: Must be sewn with solid steel.
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Wow anime was definitely a mistake
N🆗ri (Marisa): it helps her center of gravity
her chest is 1/2 and the rest of her body is the other half
perfectly even
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres a point where its just
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): too much boob
Bill: I don’t even understand why that’s attractive though.
Bill: It looks unnatural and not. Human.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Fetishes are weird sometimes
Bill: Most of the time.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Fetishes are *very* weird
Bill: But I don’t think this quite qualifies? Cause it’s pretty normal in anime as a whole?
Bill: Rather than a specific subset?
Bill: It feels more general than a fetish.
Bill: Not that I ever want to understand giant anime tit on a personal level but.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Its definitely a fetish though
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Big tits in general is a fetish
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Especially at that size
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Big anime tiddies is a subset of it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if its a pornhub category, its a feiths
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): big boobs is a fetish
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): big anime boobs that would suffocate you on contact is an extreme case of that
Bill: As long as it’s acknowledged a different level than normal large titty.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh yea it's like similar to inflation
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Which crosses over with erotic asphyxiation
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh that too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah inflation is a weird one 😬
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it always reminds me of this gif lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://i.imgur.com/9UkeEJb.gif
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's only really a fetish if there's a totally spies episode about it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LOL
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): YOURE RIGHT THOUGH
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 😬 <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'M LAUGHING SO HARD AT THIS GIF WTF
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): There ya go
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): IS IT REAL?
N🆗ri (Marisa): there they go
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh wait this guy made a whole compilation of them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can't tell what's canon and what's fanart
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh this is all canon
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jerry was a real fucking pervert
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): great with physics though
https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/785/524/8fc.gif
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): LMAO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That one kills me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): You guys need anything?
Some snack?
A condom?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jesus?
N🆗ri (Marisa): an adult
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's it that's the post
Bill: ~~which was Jesus’s kink~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): totally spies cosplay when
N🆗ri (Marisa): there were some awesome cosplayers of it at katsu a while ago
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ..... I'd actually do that ngl
N🆗ri (Marisa): they had the old guy and everything
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): OMG ITS US
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ITS ALL OUR RESPECTIVE MOST COSPLAYED RWBY CHATACTERS
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): IM YELLING
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Someone needs to do Jerry/Ozpin
N🆗ri (Marisa): prophecy
N🆗ri (Marisa): can swap yang/blake as clover/alex for nora and move blake to britney to include everyone
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Omg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i do have an orange wig i could use for sam....
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.miccostumes.com/totally-spies-sam-green-cosplay-costume-bodysuit-jumpsuit-89779p.html
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 👀 👀 👀 👀 👀
Bill: Didn’t you have a thing against catsuits?
N🆗ri (Marisa): they're not really catsuits, they made of a different material
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.zentaibodysuit.com/Green-Totally-Spies-Alex-Spandex-Superhero-Costume-TSC02843.html
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah theyre less catsuits and more like spandex superhero costumes
N🆗ri (Marisa): i like how that website just lists them all as Alex's suit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://arachnidstudios.ca/products/totally-spies-sam
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this guy sells them so they can be custom printed
Bill: The miccostime one listened leather is why I say it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): catsuits are like entirely leather
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats just the front panelling
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): when i say i avoid catsuits, im really saying "i dont want to be sexualized by wearing an entirely pleather/leather bodysuit"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn I gotta stop being late to the group cosplay plans
N🆗ri (Marisa): we can fit everyone tho :0
N🆗ri (Marisa): jess who you wanna be
Bill: ~~I know, why do you think I brought it up~~
Bill: Tis why I very curious back when if you were doing Panther for Persona cause I was worried about that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): But there's already 3 of you and 3 of them
N🆗ri (Marisa): there's 4-5 sometimes
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk who id wanna be I forget who my fav was since I watched it like a billion yrs ago
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'm trying to find the pic of the cosplayers i took at katsu
N🆗ri (Marisa): they were so good
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think I liked the redhead best?
N🆗ri (Marisa): FOUND EM gosh they were in the 2013 album
Bill: Yeah I didn’t watch but they had spin off girls.
N🆗ri (Marisa): there were also a few purpleish ones who were retired
Bill: Wasn’t jerry an old butler?
N🆗ri (Marisa): shhh
N🆗ri (Marisa): jerry was their boss
Bill: 
Bill: Yeah that’s what I thought.
N🆗ri (Marisa): shhhhhhh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I liked Clover best because I had a thing for blondes
N🆗ri (Marisa): it'd be neat just to cosplay as older cartoons
like XJ-9 and Billy and Mandy and just kind of have an assortment of older characters
i would say to do a PPGD group but. bleedman is a lolicon and that's bad so. maybe not.
Bill: PPGD? powderpuff?
N🆗ri (Marisa): powerpuff girls doujinshi
Aldus Larian (Jess): My life as a teenage robot used to be my obsession ngl
Bill: Is that the same as powerpuff girls z?
N🆗ri (Marisa): noooo not at all
N🆗ri (Marisa): powerpuff girls Z is the official powerpuff girls anime, the japanese version
N🆗ri (Marisa): ppgd is an online comic by a guy who's a pedophile but it was a great crossover of pretty much every late 90s-early 2000s show
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): OH wow it's still updating
N🆗ri (Marisa): new chapter posted today
N🆗ri (Marisa): wow
N🆗ri (Marisa): maybe he cleared his name
N🆗ri (Marisa): ppgd cosplay go
Aldus Larian (Jess): Is this like a fanfic
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i have a blossom dress lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i did blossom, bubbles, and buttercup with rei and casey
N🆗ri (Marisa): kind of yeah! it's a doujin which is like a comic fanfic
N🆗ri (Marisa): bubbles and jenny are bffs
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Bill: Aaaaah I remember that.
Bill: I read it.
Bill: I stopped following it for some reason though.
N🆗ri (Marisa): he also made a billy and mandy comic set in the future but it's weird
mandy marries grim i think? or she was married to nergal and then slept with grim? or she married grim and slept with nergal? either way she has 2 kids that the comic is about
N🆗ri (Marisa): i think there was some bad rumors about bleedman floating around that's why it stopped for a bit
but apparently it continues now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): weird flex but okay
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh yeah and the antagonist was the daughter of Him from the powerpuff girls
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Bill: Yeaaaah I gotta look that up again.
Bill: Iirc it had some great designs.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm guessing Grimm finally killed Billy in that universe?
N🆗ri (Marisa): it doessssss ahhhhhh
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah i can't recall billy being in it at all lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's cray
N🆗ri (Marisa): billy is in ppgd though
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh yeah i remember why he was hit with those lolicon accusations now
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): really good designs just. pls age them up
N🆗ri (Marisa): which he probably wound up doing to continue his comics
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH because then he started the grim afterbirth comic
its all coming back
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yes please age up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: The totally spies red head got thick as fuck apparently.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): artist also was having fun with highlights. them's some shiny toddies
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
