Bill: Random post from reddit, does... she look fake to anyone else?
Bill: Something about her fact is giving me uncanny valley vibes.
N🆗ri (Marisa): o yeah her face has been mega edited, her whole skin has been brushed over and her face is missing everything aside from eyes/nose/mouth
i'm tryna figure out what they did to her body
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oof
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): made boobs bigger i think and waist skinnier
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): looks like they did something to her shoulders too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but idk why
Bill: Yeah the right tit is like.. magnified?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea
Bill: Very Sakimi like.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats not natural
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's a very hard angle where the ribs meet the hips
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LOT of editing
Bill: It gets worse than more I look.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and having a plain background makes it even easier to do
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she didnt do a very good job though
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): seeing as how it LOOKS edited
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): which isnt the point lmao
Bill: https://www.instagram.com/merylsama/ it's okay she has 367k followers because tit.
N🆗ri (Marisa): what happened to the cutout on her bikini bottoms in the instagram pics vs the reddit pic
N🆗ri (Marisa): the impossible cutout
N🆗ri (Marisa): same picture but the lewd window is missing
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh wow
Bill: maybe redditor posted the patreon version.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i didnt even notice that
Bill: me either.
Bill: ~~fame is an annoyance~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): patreon gets you one (1) bikini cutout
Elfriede Faun (Tom): AHHHHH
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah fake cutout is wak
Aldus Larian (Jess): hot
Aldus Larian (Jess): be gf
Aldus Larian (Jess): i like
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Soohot bobs
Aldus Larian (Jess): nice tits
Aldus Larian (Jess): sexi bob
Bill: She. so fake it unattractive like.
Bill: I don't get some people.
Bill: Most of her stuff looks self shot but the ones outdoors have photographer credits. 👀
Bill: For the record.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol tyler liked it
Bill: When I say uncanny valley.
Bill: I'm comparing her to this *nightmare fuel.*
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH GOD WTF IS THAT
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's the highest patreon tier
Bill: It's from transformers beast wars. Some like half born transformer.
Bill: I will never, *never* forget that thing.
Bill: I had nightmares of it as a kid.
Bill: ```In Beast Wars, the damaged, half-formed Transmutate has a very human-ish face that, when combined with her creepy voice and the show's graphical limitations, cause many to find her to be unsettling.◊```
Aldus Larian (Jess): i am unsettled
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Her bra looks Photoshoped af
Bill: yeah.
Bill: `Many people feel Transmutate's face is unsettling (though not as much as its voice).` I won't look it up.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): 
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): 
Bill: Yeaaaaaah that's about right.
Bill: Holy shit.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Either she got a boob job
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Or one hell of a push up bra
Bill: It's gotta be edits.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Ugh that'd be so exhausting
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Body dysmorphia is horrible.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): My guess is Photoshop and a push up bra.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): But dam
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: Okay it doesn't look obvious that cropped...
Bill: But a low budget convex filter in photoshoot was definitely used. By someone who knows how, but if I can reduce the titty she could easily blow em up.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Plus there's a definite blur on that left titty
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Also no freckles at all .
Bill: no *pores*
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): The belly button even looks shopd
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): that poor couch
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): 100% those shadows look so fake. Ugh this so sad..
N🆗ri (Marisa): she has a blurry patch on her bac
Bill: ~~what shadows~~
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Her natural bobbies are fine. Bigger isn't always better
N🆗ri (Marisa): but how else to be anime
Bill: yuuuup. And how she's killing the contrast and form of her face to be smooth is closer to creepy than cute.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Erase the bellybutton entirely
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): SMOOTH THAT HOLE OVER
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THEY CANT KNOW WE WERE BORN
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): NO BELLY BUTTONS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Or Sakimi it and make it two inches higher than it should be
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Your Belly button isnt right beneath your rib cage?
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): :o
Bill: This reminds me...
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> HAVE YOU EATEN TODAY
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah those two trays of brownies i made last night are gone
Bill: *did you eat them*
N🆗ri (Marisa): bojo must've eaten some for breakfast and then i had the rest
N🆗ri (Marisa): two 9x13 pans
N🆗ri (Marisa): well we finished most of one pan last night
N🆗ri (Marisa): dinner
Bill: I'll let it slide.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Thats alota brownies
N🆗ri (Marisa): let what slide *it's food*
N🆗ri (Marisa): only two pans of brownies
