Bill: @everyone Non Aurii related channel clean up, suggestions, sorting. any opinions or status quo?
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): ~~more channels for anime and memes~~
Bill: ~~why~~
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): ~~anime and memes~~
Bill: Rejected!
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: We need more channels
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: And not vote on them
Bill: Isn't not having a democracy fun!
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): yeah don't even ask our opinion just make your fluffy channels and photography channels
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: We need a furry channel
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: And a channel for only green haired girls
Bill: only if it can double for inflation.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): a channel just to post copypasta
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: 
Bill: I'm going to make a channel that @'s everyone every single time I edit a single image in lightroom so you can all be *amazed* without how *amazing* I am.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Like how that's both
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): yes pls
Bill: Okay, not actually asking to crap on Hunter. Any serious requests?
Andrew: channel for me to lurk
Andrew: in
Andrew: just i can see it
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): the andru channel
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): his home
Bill: I've thought we could merge cosplay and cons, maybe dungeons and raids, and while I originally was never fan of a gossip channel *we certainly do it enough to warrant one*.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): selfie channel
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): for gpoys
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Yeah cosplay and cons can prob be merged
Afina (Georgia): ^^^
Bill: see Topic for <#502508957303308288>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i would say merge cosplay and cons or put them both under one tab
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I take the second part back
Bill: Yeah, I wouldn't have done that either. 😃
Bill: We will lose backlog in cosplay in cons, I'll log em with Dizzy but it's an FYI.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): quick go relive all the drama and wonderment while u still can
Bill: Not like the drama won't continue.
Bill: if <@!141729881779077121> doesn't fill <#502508957303308288> with his inner thoughts every day I'll be disappointed.
Andrew: can i lurk myselkf
Bill: nope.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): its ur diary now
Andrew: rip the dream
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): turn it into a meme
Bill: **Anyone on board for a ~~BNE shitposting~~ gossip channel?**
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): we could turn that into our own vent chat maybe
Bill: I'm leaning yes, because if we do invite Erik or Leanna sometime, we can delete the channel and not worry about some backlog offending them.
Bill: Rather than it being mixed with our new conplay channel.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): omg lol
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): "hey guys welcome to our server. wait hold on lemme just clean up a moment. yeah. there we go."
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): it's like inviting someone to your house and shoving everything under the bed and couch
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): suggestion:
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): put vent under general tab
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): i propose a private channel for every user, both active and inavtive
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we can use vent of work complaining too
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Ah yes, Andrus Dairy
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Oh God not another vent
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i was going to suggesting it for bitching and moaning about work and that kinda thing, i dont particularly car for a gossip channel
Bill: It’d be one in the same.
Bill: We do bitch and moan, just in random channels. May as well condense it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): sure
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i really dont care
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Ye we can always revert to BNE for venting.  General also works for that stuff. I’d like to hear gossip but I don’t know the people involved. 
How about like a uhhhh. Food recipe channel idk I’m out of ideas
Bill: I remember that suggestion Jess, I was going to ask if anyone minded the separate section for hobby talk.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): RuneScape channel
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its bascailly all in mistakes anyway
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: RUNESCAPECHANNRL
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its just renaming mistakes to hobbies
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Game channel? As in text games or guessing games and whatnot to waste time
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i thinks what raids is supposed to be?
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): omg we should play cards against humanity sometime
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and dongoens but we might combine those since they are all games
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Raids is more talking about games. I don’t think my idea would get used much but basically like a channel for playing text games like shiritori (what is that in English) or the alphabet game or ouiji or something
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): A runescape channel though. Necessary.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oooooo
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Separate anime channels for good and bad anime
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): idk i could prob make cannels and catagories all day
Bill: I’m out getting lunch, don’t make too much of a back lot.
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): A channel for making channels
Bill: No separate anime channels.
Bill: I don’t like excess channels.
Andrew: Cant let the idea die. Runsecape channel
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Maaaaybee?
General
>General
>Bitching and Complaining

Hobbies
>Anime
>TV and Movies (non-anime)
>Video Games
> Non-Video Games
>Cosplay and Cons
>Music
>Art

Mawisa Quest
>Quest
>OOC

Aurii
>OOC
>Annoucements
>Characters
>Dice
>Fanart
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Yeah we should play cards inline sometime
Bill: Too many hobbies. We won’t make use of them.
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Not a bad idea
Are you Elfriede of the dark?: Yeah I'd cut music at least
Bill: Art if only do if we wanted a webhook thing like I put in BNE.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): revised
one two (Nok)ri four (Marisa): Oo fancy list
I’m headed to bed but good luck with ur channels also let’s do cah sometime <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Im not a fan of the autopost thing, i was thinking more for people to post either they're own art or fan art they find
Bill: I don't think there's a need for it here. It was mostly so we didn't have t manually copy in all of the dishwasher posts.
Bill: We can repurpose Aurii fanart for that imo.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i just wasnt sure so i left both
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i have 14 channels, we have 17 right now not inclusing voice
Bill: I don't see a point in splitting tv out of anime.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): revised
Afina (Georgia): Whoa too much changes too fast, what is this
Afina (Georgia): I can’t tell what’s for what
