Eliran (Halim): ```Characters: Eliran, Aldus
Location: A street in town```
After meeting with Frin upon entering the town, Eliran prompts Aldus to follow him, leaving Nokri and Desii behind with some generic excuse about taking care of some sort of thing. After he gets a fair distance from the two, he glance back to the laguz following him, "So..... you doing alright?" He asked casually.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus raises an eyebrow at Elirans request, non-specific as it is he follows him. Eliran's question for his welfare catches off gaurd. He pauses shortly stumbling over his words a bit. "Ah yes, I mean at least I will be. I assume you are reffering to my little outburst earlier. I appoligize, I've had quite the day but I shouldn't have gone off like that in front of you... That woman is simply so.... frustrating."
Eliran (Halim): "Its not something you need to apologize for," Eliran said waving a hand, "people get stressed,  and Nokri is definitely a frustrating type."
Eliran (Halim): "But, if it were that simple you wouldn't have gone off in the woods for so long," Eliran said as he stopped walking and looked Aldus in the eye.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus's eye widen at Eliran's statement, he lifts a hand to his mouth to stiffle a laugh, which helps to lift some residual weight from the day off his shoulders. "No, most definitely not. I suppose I needed a few moments to... reflect on what happened earlier. My instincts took over in a way I haven't.... encountered in while, and it took a lot out of me. I don't wish to burden you with the details."
Eliran (Halim): "Hey man, if you let a lot out, I'm impressed not burdened," Eliran said with a slight gesture and a smirk. 
He then let out a small sigh before he scratched the back of his head looking down. _Another jerk joke, come on serious time Eli serious time_
"But seriously," he asked looking up to Aldus with some concern, "Are you sure about that?" he asked, "Keeping it to yourself isn't going to help it go away, especially if she's still traveling with us."
Aldus (Jess): The awkwardness in the air is almost palpable at this point but Aldus it thankful for the concern Eliran has for him. He takes a breath and attempts to explain. "Well, Nokri isn't a very nice person, obviously, but we all put our lives on the line for her anyway. As if that wasn't enough, when it came down to it, my pack instinct kicked in. Now, I don't know if you know what that it but it's pretty self explanatory I guess. I had to save her, in that moment I was running on impulse. I didn't even realize what I was doing until the entire ordeal was over and then she has the gall to not even thank us? And criticize Desii as well? I don't regret saving her I just.... Don't know if she'll ever appreciate anything anyone does for her." Also let's out a deep sigh and chuckles nervously "I'm rambling"
Eliran (Halim): Eliran looked at Aldus and just kinda nodded, thinking about it. "So... nokri is a part of your pack.. and you're worried cause she seems to still be a complete jerk?"
Aldus (Jess): Aldus scratches the back of his head contemplating. "Yes? I don't think she nessicarly 'deserves' my kindness,that sounds bad - I mean that's not to say I would have deserted her. I uh... have been prone to letting people treat me poorly in the past, I don't wish to continue that trend in my life but it appears the ancestors have different plans for me. I don't want to be taken advantage of" Aldus groans slightly "You must think I'm a fool."
Eliran (Halim): "I don't think you're a fool" Eliran said quickly, maybe a bit too quickly, "I mean maybe a bit naive at time but..." he shook his head, "You've been treated poorly before and now you find yourself having family ish feelings for somebody who treats you poorly." Eliran struggled for words, "Sure it ...sounds foolish i mean but...." He paused, thinking for a moment. Then choosing his words careful he added, "just because you feel for somebody who's horrible to you doesn't make you a fool. It can be foolish but you aren't a fool"
Aldus (Jess): "Hmm I suppose you are correct. Still I do wish Nokri would open up. Do you believe there is good in her? Somewhere? Or do you think she is a lost cause?"
Eliran (Halim): "Honestly? who knows" Eliran responded with a shrug, "But we might as well give her a shot. She must have PTSD for days after being beaten and strung up for a hanging. You really can't not feel bad for her." he said sincerely, "Before the kidnapping I would have left her in this town alone but now?" He shook his head. "it'd be cruel."
Aldus (Jess): "Perhaps I should try speaking with her? But that has failed so many times before, I don't know. I'm sure she is very much shaken from the whole thing."
Eliran (Halim): "Maybe..? I think we should give her some time. We do have a ways to trisp to catch up during" Eliran offered.
Aldus (Jess): "Yes you are probably right. Hopefully the right time will present itself"
Eliran (Halim): '''End aside'''
Eliran (Halim): ```End Aside ```
