Aldus (Jess): ```
Location: Trisp Monastery
Characters: Enera, Desii, Aldus, Eliran, Nokri
```
Aldus (Jess): Getting up to the room goes a lot smoother than expected. Maybe this whole thing would go without a hitch after all. Lt. Faun departs quickly and curtly after Enera opens the door, the crease in his forehead showing stress, weather from annoyance or something more serious he is unsure.

It obvious this encounter is not going to go smoothly after Enera responds to Desii.

“Miss, I’m afraid you’ve been misinformed. I spoke to your parents myself, saw Mirashire not even a month ago. H-how long have you been here exactly?”
Eliran (Halim): After watching Elfriede go, Eliran turned and looked at the the young girl, the hurt in her eyes, he got down on a knee, now level with the girl, "Enera.. I know its a lot to take in, but trust us your parents are alive and miss you." he gave her a sympathetic look.
Dizzy: Desii steps aside slightly, letting Eliran come up next to her. She nods along with Aldus, wishing she had gotten the Kelits to write a message or something.
Bill: !ghost Desii steps aside slightly, letting Eliran come up next to her. She nods along with Aldus, wishing she had gotten the Kelits to write a message or something.
Bill: "..." Enera eyes all of you, surprisingly sharp eyes for a girl age judging every part of the interlopers. She quirks her lip, then motions with her head inside the room. She stays by her chair, hand still resting on many books that adorn her desk. She watches you enter careful, and nods to Desii when the girl motions to close the door. The door swings shut with a quiet click.

"You're effectively telling me... telling me the last 2 years here at this place, which is the only home I've known, is a lie." she says. "That had best... not be a lie." she murmurs, still looking pointedly at Aldus. "Which... is it?"
Aldus (Jess): "I'm not lying to you, Enera. What reason would I have for that? What... is the last thing you remember about Mirashire?"
Eliran (Halim): Eliran noted the girls hand resting on her tomes, stepping into the room casually before sitting criscrossapplesauce style on the ground, _she's definitely a mage, ready to defend herself already_ he figured. He looked at the girl, feeling sorry for her and added to Aldus's response softly, "she knows deep down its the truth. If Mirashire was destroyed 2 years ago with her being the only survivor, it'd be impossible for us to know she's from there to begin with. The only public knowledge on Enera claims she's an Eraian born Light magic Genius.."
Bill: Enera frowns at Eliran. "The Cardinal does not state I am *Eraian born*. Please don'
Bill: Enera frowns at Eliran. "The Cardinal does not state I am *Eraian born*. Please don't make assumptions about what I "know" either." she says defensively. "I'm thirteen, I can think for myself." she says with a slight huff.

"My memory is hazy from before the attack. The town was raised, and Eraian troops traveling nearby came to fend off the raiders... The Cardinal was with them and he nursed me back to health. He calls it *post traumatic stress*". she says, clearly proud of herself for knowing the terminology. 

"When they went back to find my parents, they said nothing was left... It was a blessing the Cardinal took me in to hone my talents." she says, crossing her arms and leaning her tiny frame against the desk. Her eyes drift to one of the drawings on the wall, clearly herself and her parents.
Dizzy: Desii follows the girl's gaze as she wringes the hem of her hip cape in her hands. Nothing here made sense, clearly this is the Enera the Kelits talked so much about! She looks at the drawing as Enera does, mind whirring for a way to show her sincerity to the girl. The black and white drawing fills the young mage's vision, and she imagines Dain and Saila telling her all about their wonderful daughter. Desii bites her lip, trying to run her mind on overdrive.

"It's weird your parents both have dark hair when you have blonde isn't it." Desii says aloud, sinking into a nervous habit of thinking aloud.
Bill: !ghost Desii follows the girl's gaze as she wringes the hem of her hip cape in her hands. Nothing here made sense, clearly this is the Enera the Kelits talked so much about! She looks at the drawing as Enera does, mind whirring for a way to show her sincerity to the girl. The black and white drawing fills the young mage's vision, and she imagines Dain and Saila telling her all about their wonderful daughter. Desii bites her lip, trying to run her mind on overdrive.

"It's weird your parents both have dark hair when you have blonde isn't it." Desii says aloud, sinking into a nervous habit of thinking aloud.
Bill: Enera blinks and looks at the group of you again. Rather than with the (attempted) harsh edge she use before, her eyes are wide, curious, and glimmering with feeling. 

"How'd... you know that. How'd you know I'm blonde, or I mean, Mama and Papa had darker hair?" she says with tentative excitement, stepping a half step from the desk towards them.
Aldus (Jess): "Because we met them, in Mirashire not to long ago. They are worried sick for you and even though other have given up they still hold onto hope that you will come home, and that you are okay. They love you dearly Enera. You must have memories of them, surley 11 is an age old enough to remember quite a bit?"
Bill: "Of course I remember my Mama and Papa!" the girl barks in the entitled way only a child can. "It doesn't make sense though! I want it to, the Cardinal has been very good to me, but he's not... he's not my Papa, and..." she trails off, wrapping her arms around herself. "The Cardinal sent a whole group of mages out. They took *days* to return because they searched every scrap of rubble. If Ma...Mama and Papa are there, why did the mages find them?"
Dizzy: Desii attempts to hide a frown. She takes a big step forward and drops to her knees, hugging the younger girl. 

"It's okay Enera, it's okay. I don't know how this happened, but no one is mad. Everyone will be really happy once you get to go home. You want to go home, don't you?" Desii says softly, rubbing the smaller girl's back. Enera sinks into Desii's shoulder, sniffling despite herself. Desii can feel the nod of agreement. 

Desii gives the girl a moment before placing her hands on her shoulders, pushing back so she can look Enera in the eye. "Then lets go."
Bill: !ghost Desii attempts to hide a frown. She takes a big step forward and drops to her knees, hugging the younger girl. 

"It's okay Enera, it's okay. I don't know how this happened, but no one is mad. Everyone will be really happy once you get to go home. You want to go home, don't you?" Desii says softly, rubbing the smaller girl's back. Enera sinks into Desii's shoulder, sniffling despite herself. Desii can feel the nod of agreement. 

Desii gives the girl a moment before placing her hands on her shoulders, pushing back so she can look Enera in the eye. "Then lets go."
Bill: `End Aside`
