Aldus (Jess): ```
Characters: Aldus, Afina, Desii
Location: Trisp Monastery
```
Aldus (Jess): Aldus steadies Desii, a little concerned. *She is a jumpy on isn't she* he thinks. 

He notes Afina's posture. *Strange for a mage, isnt it?* 

Also surprised at the coincidence he says"Ah Princess Tyndall! Yes Eliran is quite entertaining but we had business to attend to here this morning. You have great timing by the way! As Desii says there is something we were wondering to ask you but I am unsure it would be within our right to do so."
Afina (Georgia🍀): _Ah, right, the young woman's name is Desii,_ Afina remembered with a nod. She could only hope that the laguz man's name would also be repeated in time. "I have time to spare before supper tonight. What might it be that you require my assistance for?"
Aldus (Jess): "Oh," he starts, a little surprised at her openness to hear them out . "Well how about we go outside, I think I saw a garden park nearby that shouldn't be very busy right now, perhaps we could talk there?"  He asks a bit timidly, feeling like she must suspect them of something unsavory, but not wanting to ask he Princess anything amongst prying ears.
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Ah..." Afina said, glancing between the two of them before her. _That certainly sounds suspicious_, she thought. But the princess also wanted to give Eliran's companions the benefit of the doubt. After all, _he_ had found them acceptable enough to travel with. And even still, just because she heard them out did not mean that the Laeran was committed to assisting their cause just yet. "Surely, let's," Afina beckoned, walking towards the door of the monastery. "Lead the way, would you?"
Aldus (Jess): Aldus leads the two women out of the imposing black building and across the street where he has spotted the park earlier that morning. there are two benches set in a small clearing on a brink patio, facing each other. Perfect for a conversation. Aldus motions for Afina to sit on one, while him and Desii take a seat on the other. "That's much better. Thank you for your time Princess Tyndall. Now as far as our question goes, I believe I should let Desii explain."
Bill: Desii falls into step behind Afina, letting the Princess walk before her. She watches Afina as she walks, marveling at the air of dignity the noble carries around her. It keeps her attention the entire walk, which in hindsight was a tad awkward of her.

"Right. Um, You see, I was asked by some friends I met in Callora to look for their daughter as I traveled. Her name happens to be Enera, and she was skilled in light magic before her disappearance... So when you mentioned a light magic wielding girl named Enera yesterday I wanted to follow up and meet this girl, on the off chance it's the same person." Desii says, ramrod straight on the bench. It doesn't add to the already uncomfortable bench's appeal, but public speaking isn't a magician's apprentice skill. 

"I tried to meet her this morning, but the Bishop I spoke to, well, in effect, yelled at me for asking. I guess..." Desii purses her lips, as if realizing something. She then taps her index finger on her chin, thinking. "I suppose we thought you might be able to shed some light on why? I'd just like to meet her, to confirm it is in fact a crazy coincidence."
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina chuckles at the clever wordplay. "Yes, perhaps I might be able to help shed some _light_ on the situation. Unfortunately, I don't know all that much about the Bishop himself, nor Enera, beyond what I have told you already. My training session this morning with the Bishop seemed to have been... fruitful, so if anything, I am in his good graces." She hesitates. "I don't, however, wish to jeopardize my training by irritating the Bishop with questions he's already refused to answer."
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina's gaze turned distinct as she mulled over the possible ways she might be able to help. "Perhaps I might be able to go straight to the leader of the monastery. The Cardinal. He offered assistance to me should I need it, but I doubt I would be able to do so in front of guests. What might you wish that I ask him?"
Bill: "Just the chance to meet her would be lovely, if only for a few minutes." Desii says, eyes wide. The Princess has more connections than Desii could have imagined. "I don't know how we could repay you, favorable answer or not Princess. I don't have anything of value to offer..." Desii trails.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus stifles a laugh at the Princess's pun, not expecting a noble of Calora to be so lighthearted. "We don't want to impose, and we certainly wouldn't want to get you into any trouble" Aldus thinks on the subject for a moment "Are light mages quite common in Calora? I've never met one in my life as I'm from Wynne, but yourself, and Enera would make two now"
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina raises her hand dismissively. "No need to repay me, consider it a gesture of goodwill from Laera. Any friend of Eliran's is a friend of mine." She then turns to Aldus. "Well, it's almost hard to refer to Callora in general terms when you live inside it. My kingdom of Laera is quite different from its neighbors, and so on and so forth. For Laera in particular, magic is common to learn, as our citizens are constantly in pursuit of knowledge. Light magic though?" Afina tried to calculate the numbers in her head. "A majority of our citizens know some form of magic. Out of those? I would say a good 10% specialize in light magic. It's not common, especially with tensions between Eraia and Callora these days. But it exists all the same."
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Does the same idea hold true for your kingdom as well, Desii?"
Bill: "um..." Desii starts, her posture tightening up again at being addressed directly. The Princess's smile was off putting, it made Desii forget the woman's stature and just acknowledge the woman herself. 

"Hylley isn't a big magic capital... In Evard, we only have one Sage, and he's... not a very nice man. I apprenticed with him and eventually decided to set out on my own." she says.
Aldus (Jess): "What a coincidence that that should be two Calorian light mages in Trisp at the same time then, assuming the Enera here is the one we are looking for."  Aldus says thinking the situation a little odd, bit not focusing on it too much. "Relation's between Calora and Eraia remain poor then? Forgive me, it's been a while since I had the chance to catch up on current events. I trust our respective nation's have remained allies?"
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Oh of course," Afina answered, almost incredulously. _I guess the tribes don't exactly disseminate information about foreign relations well..._ she thought, starting to question how Callora's allies were not aware of their status as such. "Wynne and Callora have been allies for ages, I doubt anything will change that. As for Eraia... well. Callora and Eraia aren't officially on bad terms, it's just been uneasy relations for quite some time now. Many Eraians are probably suspicious of a Callorian princess' visit here, were I not proficient as I am in light magic. The ceasefire they settled all that time ago has been creeping back into foreign relations." She shrugged. "It keeps a princess on her toes."
