Afina (Georgia🍀): [end aside]
Afina (Georgia🍀): ```
Location: Fleeing Trisp Towards the Woods
Characters: Nokri, Afina
```
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina didn't know how long they had been walking. It felt like forever. Time dragged on, and yet, there was a constant state of anxiety about the group that the enemy could be gaining on them. Fatigue and fear were quite the mix. Afina herself wasn't even able to practice her light magic while they travelled; such a feat would make them more visible to the enemy. The sun had only just set, leaving a dark orange hue in the sky. Eliran had sped up to speak with Aldus, leaving Afina alone, walking in silence. Her only possible walking companions were Elfriede, which was clearly not happening, and-- _Ah, Nokri_, Afina realized as the young woman caught up with her. "It's a shame that Eraia has treated you so poorly, Nokri. Your healing skills would be invaluable in the monastery, I would believe," the princess remarked, her voice not quite a whisper.
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri had been stretching her ears, trying to listen in on the princess's conversation without obviously infringing on their privacy. Eliran certainly was buddy buddy with her. Afina treated him like a confidante, spilling all her troubles for him to hear. A pit of jealousy twisted in Nokri's stomach and she shifted the bag she carried in frustration.

Walking like this reminded her of the military. It sucked. It would take forever. So Nokri retreated inside her mind, thinking of what could be done to earn more money in the next stop of wherever their journey would take them. This train of thought came to a screeching halt when she noticed Afina was speaking again. This time, directly to her.

"Oh, p-princess," she sputtered, briefly hiding her face to clear her throat in order to speak properly again. "Thank you for your kind words, but nevermind that. Are you alright? Your system took quite the hit and you immediately bounced back after regaining consciousness. Surely you must be exhausted? Are you thirsty?" Nokri had absolutely nothing that would cure these things at this point in time, but felt that asking anyway made her sound good.
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Oh! No, I'm quite fine, thank you for asking. I presume my hand will need some tending when we find proper time," Afina said, her left hand cradled to her chest. "Such details such as those can wait, though. Especially as I believe our expected waypoint is... Callora, after all. If I'm not mistaken." Afina absentmindedly straightened the silver emblem that was pinned to her cloak. The night air was becoming cold; Fall was truly upon the traveling party. "Though I must say, I'm not one for Eraia, I think. I thought that the Cardinal was a respectable man, and I learned many of his techniques from my Eraian tutor. But... this is not a land I wish to come back to. Is this how Drecans see such a place?"
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri squinted at the princess's hand. Broken? That somehow slipped her previous search. When did it break? "Do we have any cloth? Or gauze, preferably. We should get that wrapped up as soon as possible. It might be awfully painful, I'm sorry. For now try not to move it too much." That last point was probably obvious. The princess would be in immense pain if she even flexed a single joint.

She stiffened for a moment at hearing Dreca. It would be hard to keep on denying being Drecan. Dog boy, Mr. Sleeps-a-lot, or Ditzy probably confided her true nationality to Afina even after Nokri denied the accusation in front of her knight. At this point it probably wasn't worth lying anymore. "Indeed, I was only told Eraia is a horrible place. It looked quaint enough, but the people are said to be ruthless backstabbers. The same could be said for any place, though. What of your homeland?" Her tone suggested she was not insulting the princess's homeland, but merely curious about it.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina clicked her tongue, shaking her head. "A shame, really. I've always loved my tutor, but it seems he is just an outlier. A truly upstanding Eraian." Afina's eyebrows raised at the mention of Laera. "Oh? Well Laera is pleasant, there's not much that troubles the small kingdom. Scholars come from all over to refine their knowledge in different fields. It makes Laera quite the inclusive place. Now... that you ask, that's Laera's biggest defining feature, actually. The pursuit of knowledge. Much of the culture revolves around such a commitment. But. Our kingdom came to be from the great Archon Laera, who settled the land in the idea that knowledge could prevent barbaric fighting." Afina stopped for a moment, realizing that Elfriede walked behind the two of them, within earshot. Her more naive nature was starting to get the better of her. "I would say that his outlook is positive, the moral people of Laera do not kill unless it is a last resort. We have some of the lowest frequencies of murder in the Callorian kingdoms"
Nokri (Marisa): Bingo. Afina started spewing like a fountain. The girl was quite fond of her homeland. Nokri nodded along, making the occasional "mmhmm" sounds. She assumed the princess paused to conjure up more facts of Laera, which sounded like an ideal fairy tale. "That is quite wonderful. Other nations could learn from those pacifistic ideals. Your highness is obviously very knowledgeable herself." Nokri thought back to the impressive light show at the monastery. "Are you travelling now for knowledge, then?"
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Yes! I am. That's the end goal of all Laerans, to be as knowledgeable as possible." _Afina felt satisfied as more underhanded insults came to mind, confident that Elfriede was at least casually eavesdropping on the conversation at this point. He deserved to feel hurt, after lying like he did. There was no reason for him to cover up who he was. _Especially with someone he was prepared to be intimate with!_ Afina thought angrily. "Though, most people think that Laerans are simply chasing skills that can be found in books. Such is not the case. My travels are also allowing me to hone my skills as a leader, a friend, a lover, anything really. I hope to gain experience in all facets of life while on this journey."
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri gave her a sideways glance and smirked. "A lover, eh? Sounds like you've had a very fun adventure up until now." She jokingly wiggled her eyebrows. It was a weird sensation and she soon stopped. "It's wonderful that someone of your prestige is willing to undergo all this for the sake of experience. Pray tell, has there been anything difficult for you to learn?" Nokri stopped herself, realizing how insulting that sounded, and followed up with, "I'm sure with your wisdom everything has been a cinch. Everything is probably an open book for you!"
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina laughed. Nokri's playful comments were well appreciated in such serious times. "Hardly. Do you know how many times I have nearly died on this voyage? There are far more close encounters than I would like to admit." Afina leaned in closer, exaggerating her motion by pretending to cover her mouth. "And the choice in suitors out here, absolutely dreadful. You would not believe the atrocities if I told you." She giggled again, elated from the subtlest of insults she was able to direct at the Eraian behind them. _Well, in the hopes that he's listening. He better be,_ she thought. "Oh, I wouldn't give myself too much credit," Afina replied, beaming. "In Laera, we believe our ability to learn comes from our parents. My father is king; therefore I have a predisposition to being a good leader and public speaker. So I suppose it only makes sense that combat has been difficult for me. Light magic, no. But only recently have I started using... a..." Afina hesitated, realizing the blue embellished sword was still strapped to her side. Despite Elfriede's faults, he had still been the same patient individual that had stood by her side, demonstrating every sword-fighting technique that she now knew. Such details hadn't changed in the course of events from last night. "Well, Light magic has never been particularly offensive, you see. So. I found it necessary in my travels to arm myself with a sword, and with help, the knowledge of how to use it. Perhaps fire or another anima magic can assist me with such offensive endeavors in the future. How well are you in combat, Nokri?"
Nokri (Marisa): The princess's laugh and banter was an unexpected surprise. Nokri couldn't help but genuinely giggle herself, unused to such a lighthearted atmosphere. "Oh my. I can only imagine!" A laugh in Dreca was rare and could earn you some lashings in the military. Her smile widened ever so slightly at the mention of 'king.' *Would Afina some day rule the throne?* she wondered. Nokri wanted to ask about the line of succession and whether Afina had any siblings. If someone else was slotted to rule before her, Nokri very much wanted to meet them.

The atmosphere grew tenser, casting aside the playful witticisms. "I know the basics, and enough for self defense." That was essentially the extent of her military training. Nokri left out any mention of traps, toxic gas, and arson. "I can cause some damage with a dagger, but medicines, potions, and drafts are my specialty."
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Interesting," Afina nodded. "I would very much like to train with you later then, Nokri. I find there's much we could learn from each other. Do you have any interest in light magic? Or perhaps I could teach you about international relations and diplomacy? At home, I have a regular tutor. But in our travels... I find myself lacking in such a department." Afina scratched her head nervously with her free hand. She lowered her voice. "Between you and me, I am quite puzzled as to who my next teacher may be. I'm interested in some skills that aren't exactly common. Alas, hopefully we shall find a skilled teacher whilst voyaging."
Nokri (Marisa): "I've tried my hand at light magic, but it's quite difficult for me. I'm simply not as smart as your highness," she said with a sad smile, taking a deep breath. "It would be my honor to show you what I know! If you have any interest in healing, it may come in handy for the future. Healing and potion-making is really the one thing I can do with pride." With her belief in religion being nonexistent, light magic was unlikely to come to Nokri soon. It was more likely that she should sprout wings and fly. But of course in front of the princess, who was surely religious, Nokri was a prim and proper follower of... *the* church. Whatever church that may be. "Some may call my healing techniques a bit unorthodox, however. In the past it was necessary to heal quickly and with few supplies. Time was of the essence so... improvisation was key." Nokri dwindled off, hesitant to keep talking. "Uncommon skills?" She continued suddenly. "What sort? I find that light magic is already rather uncommon."
Afina (Georgia🍀): "I..." Afina started. "You may be surprised to hear this. But I'm beginning to feel like light magic really just is not for me anymore. The way the Eraians use it; it's frightening but ineffective. I need something stronger, that truly takes skill to command. I know it's not necessarily illegal but, I believe a slight taboo exists all the same." Afina thought of the dark magic tomes, hidden away in her pack. She lowered her voice to a barely audible whisper. "I want to learn dark magic."
Nokri (Marisa): With a feigned gasp, Nokri looked at the princess. "Really? Perhaps you're also too skilled, and light magic no longer poses a challenge to you? You might get bored in that case." Then things got interesting. Nokri cocked her head to the side, closer to the princess. The confession was exciting, and Nokri took a moment to think if she should dare speak. "For what purpose?" she asked quietly. Dark was the opposite of light. This would prove to be quite the challenge if the princess was serious. "In all honesty..." Nokri nervously continued, "I have given it a try. For research purposes, it was necessary in my previous line of work. Desperate measures, but it showed results. Have you been success with dark magic before?" Nokri inconspicuously glanced at their companions to ensure none were paying attention. Hopefully their attentions were diverted elsewhere.
Afina (Georgia🍀): "I've never tried it," Afina whispered back, eyes wide with curiosity and fascination. "So I have yet to know whether or not I am able to conjure according to the dark magics. I just..." Afina stared at the ground, brows furrowed. _I shall not let the events of tonight happen again_. "I need to be stronger, is all."
Nokri (Marisa): Worried the princess was getting frustrated, Nokri responded "with your capabilities I'm sure you can do it. I have little magic potential and am able to use the magic to some extent. I would not be surprised if you can master it quickly should you desire it." It would be bad to put the princess in a foul mood, and that would agitate her hand injury. In a regular voice, she asked "how long until we reach our destination? It will be a while, right? If that is the case, perhaps we can do some research along the way. Of course, the sooner we get there the better. It will help to have a roof over our heads again."
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina nodded. "Thank you, Nokri, your service to the Tyndall family in teaching me will be much appreciated. Perhaps there is a family crest in it for you, with all these services," she smiled, glancing towards the young woman beside her. "I'm sure we are not far," Afina said, squinted to see Desii and Enera coming to a rest at the top of the hill. "I suppose now we must confer with our companions. We shall talk more on this topic later. Thank you again."
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri stopped dead in her tracks at the mention of a family crest. Her eyes glazed over and she nearly started drooling, but played it off as tripping over a stick in the road. With a slight blush, she replied "the pleasure is all mine, thank you for your time princess."
Nokri (Marisa): [ASIDE: END?]
