Aldus (Jess): [End Aside]
Aldus (Jess): ```
Characters: Aldus (Personal Aside) 
```
Aldus (Jess): Aldus walks into the copse of trees a little ways and and lifts himself onto a low hanging branch of a sturdy, old oak. Propping his back against its trunk He removes a leather bound notebook from his side bag and unties its bindings. He isn't far from the group, through the other trees he can see Eliran, Nokri and Desii so he can continue to keep and eye -and ear- on them. He pulls quill and ink from his bag then, props the book in his lap, holds the ink bottle between his knees, and begins to write in neat Naissankarian:


>>>>>>>
I do indeed believe I have quite the tolerance for people, at times I’ll admit I have far too much tolerance. It seems to be that even when people would see me battered and broken and thirsting for water I would still defend them, even against my better judgement. Today I was foolish, impulsive. I risked my life for someone who has given no regard to mine in all the time I have known her. And why? Because of some instinctual need to protect that I have only felt for few others up until this day. Is it because I am so far from my home? From the people I care about? My mother, and my friends, Master Van Horning and even Layda, though I am sure she would surely scoff to see me even forming the letters to her name in this notebook. Did my instincts use this one girl - this woman, as no more than a surrogate for a pack bond? She has done nothing to elicit this sort of a response from me. Nothing! Her treatment of me makes me feel like the lowest of the low, like few others have in the past, like my father has. 

But unlike my father, she falters in her apparent distaste for me. When he crossed that line, that line where I was no longer his son, he never came back. he never once gave me another hug or shed another tear for me. When I left, he all but said 'good riddance’ at my back when I turned away.
Aldus (Jess): The other day she outrightly accused me of being what might as well be considered the scum of this world. Lies of course, she is quite versed in them. Her comparison reminded me much of my aforementioned father, yet her treatment of me only makes me me want to compare *her* to him, not myself.  

But then not even one full day later I find myself bruised and bloodied -and wasting good poison arrows mind you- to save her from people who may just be even worse than people like my father. And it was stupid, so stupid but when I managed to save her from being hung on the spot, she hugged me. She *hugged* me. She cried at the sight of me and said my name so desperately that the only underlying meaning must have been a thank you. I thought maybe this was a turning point, and maybe it still is but right now she does not seem thankful. She seems to be the same cold and selfish person she has been since I've met her. But when she looked at me, when I saved her, there was something there in her eyes I could swear it. Something warm and not icy like this outward appearance she lets out. I wish she’d let me in, let us all in, especially after today. 

Perhaps I am wrong, perhaps she *is* cold and heartless ~~and perhaps I should have let her hang from that rope.~~ I find myself severely conflicted, I wish to discuss this with someone, but I have only just meet the mage, and Eliran may think I am mad for even considering such things. I wish to become closer with them, they are good people and not frustrating like the small blonde woman which I have already wasted too many words on. 
<<<<<<<
Aldus (Jess): He snaps his journal shut and stretches his neck muscles which have become tight from sitting in this strange position. He rebinds his notebook and puts at as well as his writing supplies away. Then he leaps down from the branch, pulling his unpigmented hair to one side of his head to run his hands through it in stress. Looking again at the sky he suddenly remembers his pre-battle thoughts “Well, at least we are alive.”
