Afina (Georgia🍀): ```
Location: Fleeing Trisp Towards the Woods
Characters: Eliran, Afina 
```
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina and Eliran walked somewhere in the middle of the group; Afina was one of the most at jeopardy if the Cardinal managed to find her. Not only would one girl be in danger, but the international relations of entire kingdoms also hung in the balance. Eliran walked beside her, albeit, at a more labored pace. Afina snuck a glance behind her; Nokri seemed to be trailing just behind her, with Elfriede bringing up the end of the trail, least someone start to fall behind, his strength from years in the military would be able to assist them. It seemed like the knight was about to assist the bard before they had absconded, but under the duress of time, Afina had elected to help instead. She frowned, looking over at Eliran. _Yes, and the oaf had rejected my cape as a disguise._ Afina huddled in closer towards her childhood friend. "We need to talk about some things," she whispered under hushed breath.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran had begrudgingly taken Afinas aid as he hobbled along on their way out the city. The man would normally have insisted on walking himself but  the imminent threat seemed to be quite humbling. Feeling Afina lean closer and whisper in his ears he raised an eyebrow best he could, "what?" He whispered back. Not forgetting Afinas shoddy state the man was still full of concern
Afina (Georgia🍀): If Afina was being honest, there was _much_ to discuss with Eliran. Now that Elfriede had proven untrustworthy, and serendipity had led her to Eliran, the princess had decided to switch to discussing private matters with the Eblian instead. Not to mention... "Something happened in the bishop's office," she whispered. "And not just with the bishop." Her eyes glanced back at knight before returning back to Eliran. "It's becoming increasingly clear to me that some people aren't what-- who they say they are."
Eliran (Halim): At the mention of the bishop and implied deceit Elirans eyes narrowed, he recalled that she had been taking lessons before, "what happened with the bishop" he asked, a hint of a growl could be heard in his voice. If the church had tried to harm Afina to... well suffice to say a rescue mission wouldnt be the reason Eliran returns next time.
Afina (Georgia🍀): "The bishop was just like the Cardinal!" She said in a hushed yell. Clearing her throat, Afina lowered her voice once more. "The bishop was convinced that I myself was as divine as their alleged Lylalel. He was demented. And warped." Afina's free hand grazed over her injured left. Her spellcasting hand. "He drugged me, and then broke my hand. It was Elfriede's thinking that saved me from abduction. In all honesty." _And here I had asserted that I could handle combat myself whilst we were at Ransford's station_, she thought, her gaze distant and longing.
Eliran (Halim): "Disgusting..." Eliran shook his head, "They like to stand up on a parapet and act holier than thou, but in the end they're all perverted maniacs." He spat to the side, "I should have followed Elfriede when we knew you were late..."
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina could feel her stomach drop, and she hesitated, mouth open but unable to force words out. _Elfriede realized that I was late, that's how he managed to save me_, she realized. _He was worried about me_. A warm, fuzzy feeling stirred in Afina's chest and she wanted to hug herself and smile. Recovering her train of thought, however, she blinked away the feeling. "Elfriede is... um..." Afina shifted uncomfortably, sparing only a moment to glance back at the Eraian. He walked purposefully, at attention, hand resting on the pommel of his sword like he always did. Scanning the forest, his eyes met Afina's and she abruptly turned to face forward. Her eyes burned with the threat of tears. "He's not who he says he is either."
Eliran (Halim): Smacked with a swish of hair as Afina quickly looked away from whatever was behind them, Eliran could hear the hurt in her voice. "What do you mean?" He asked carefully, wanting to be there for the princess, though Eliran already knew that he would be chewing out the knight for lying to her later.
Afina (Georgia🍀): The princess was starting to feel nauseous again. Whether it was from the residual effects of the drugs, or her mounting anxiety, Afina was unsure. Her free hand wrapped around her torso, holding her stomach. She couldn't say it. Saying it meant that she was convinced of what happened. That there was no denying what Elfriede was. "Do you remember... that time that my family was returning from a festival and our carriage was ambushed? By the laguz bandits?"
Eliran (Halim): Eliran blinked in surprised, he had first heard about the attack from his parents, but it had taken Afina herself a long time to be open details due to the trauma it caused. The fact she was bringing it up now was completely out of left field, "...yeah?" What did it have to do with Elfriede though?
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina pulled up the hood on her cloak, knowing that she could only fight back tears for so long. The Laeran sighed, looking upwards and blinking as she tried to contain her emotions. "Do you recall exactly what it was that attacked my family and I?"
Eliran (Halim): "Of course it was-" _laguz_ Eliran realized. He peered over his shoulder at the Knight. The man looked relatively normal, albeit a bit haggard but they all were. "you don't mean he's...?" Eliran let the question hang in the air. _It would explain why he was so tense in the bathhouse.._ He thought to himself, but still to keep that fascade up his whole life through the Eraian military? It was a tough pill to swallow.
Afina (Georgia🍀): "He _is_," Afina nodded, eyes wide. "No ears, of course. But he's been lying to all of us this whole time." A sudden thought struck Afina. _That must be why... that one night he didn't want to..._ Had Afina not been trying to be discreet, she would have buried her head in shame. She settled for pulling her hood closer around her face. "If he's lying with such a basic fact about himself, then who knows what else he's lying about," she said, a haughty edge in her voice.
Eliran (Halim): Elirans eyes widened at that statement, _no wonders she lookes like hell... to have the person she was gonna bone suddenly transform in front of her eyes and kill somebody else..._ Eliran gave her a comforting squeeze with his arm that was swung over her shoulder. "its ok... for now we'll be fine... we can deal with this after..." He looked at Afina, then glanced back at Elfriede, "things will work out." They would need to have a discussion.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina relaxed just enough as Eliran lightly squeezed her shoulders. "Yes we... we will remedy this," she mumbled, her cheek brushing against the merchant's shoulder. "It seems that the group is heading for Callora. At least we will be able to find safety there. Perhaps the reports of turbulence in Eraia will reach my father. And I shall return home." Afina closed her eyes briefly. She had promised Elfriede that she would help search for Yuria. But such a promise felt like a lifetime ago. Before the circumstances had changed, and the hope of returning home seemed more imminent than ever.
