Eliran (Halim): ```Characters: Aldus, Eliran, Nokri, Desi, Elfriede, Afina
Location: Trist Market Place```
While hearing Afina's hurried support put Eliran slightly at ease, his eyes narrowed at Elfriedes referral to Nokri as a 'Drecan,'. Before Eliran could respond he heard Nokri deny it. He looked Elfriede in the eye, still between the Knight and Nokri. 
"Nokri is no Drecan, she's a proud citizen of Theanovene _sir_" His eyes looked hard, "And she'd be in better shape if it weren't for some racist zealots kidnapping her just over the border. On the _Calloran_ side." He sighed, as if tired, "Like some people they just went and assumed based off of appearance, and almost killed her." Eliran looked again at Elfriede, "Aren't people who make baseless accusations like that the worse?" He said with an extremely polite sounding tone. 
"I assure you sir, Nokri here has been my traveling companion and has nothing to do with your nations _war. _ We're here to find some herbs, deliver some mail, and look into how the trades have faired." Eliran said with sincerity.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Elfriede annoyed gaze turned to yet another person who approached. *Why has this suddenly become a mob of people...*, he thought as he noticed some townfolk staring. He looked down slighty to the new woman and his gaze visably softened a bit. She spoke to him politely in a Colloran accent, "*G-good afternoon sir Knight."* She then lightly curtsied and brought an unsteady hand out to Elfriede. 
Elfriede paused for an uncomfortable few moments considering her and her overwhelming politeness.... and her obvious childlike ignorance of the current tradtions. Although he was impressed that she knew *this* much.

Faun bent down slightly and cuped his hands around hers over and under. "Please my Lady... Only the Knights much older then I still honor that tradition. I did not mean to make you uncomfortable to great me, but I'm impressed by your knowledge of our old traditions." For a brief moment Desi and Elfriede seemed comically disconnected from the current conversation. He bowed lightly and stood back up facing the three in question.

```*Eliran says his piece*```

Elfriedes eyes narrow a bit and he felt his teeth begin to grit a small amount, his pacifistic tone really chaffing Faun's pride. *Is this man mocking me?* Eliran broke his concentration by offering a hand, "*I've heard great things from Afina about you.*" The Knight-Leiutenant really did not want to let the whole situation go... but finally gave in with an annoyed sigh. He took Eliran's hand and shook it. *Odd she hasn't mentioned you...*
Eliran (Halim): Eliran knew when somebody was getting annoyed with him. He had a way with words that often left him in a socially more appropriate view, and forced his counterparts in conversation into social traps, like with the handshake he just offered. One look at Elfriede and Eliran knew that while the matter had been settled for now, he would probably have to placate the knight later to avoid more confrontation, _Maybe we could bond over a drink or something_ he mused to himself. Eraians soldiers weren't known for the alcoholic tendency, but Eliran had found that in the past they were uptight folk that really needed a little liquor to get much needed relaxation. He gave the man a firm handshake and looked to Afina, "So... do you need to return to your 1 on 1 night out.. or would you guys like to join us for dinner?" he asked.
Afina (Georgia🍀): It was only then that Afina realized that she had scarcely been breathing. She forced a smile at the small group collected in the marketplace. “Ah, yes, well-- we weren’t on a dinner alone really it was just us simply exploring the marketplace.” Afina gingerly took her bag back from Elfriede, small nods and smile that seemed to signal both “thanks” and “sorry” to the knight. “Either way. Dinner sounds delightful. There is much we might be able to learn from each other’s voyages, so I am anxious to hear of what you have encountered,” she declared, cupping her hands together. A tense vibe still hung in the air, but the princess was quick to try to displace it. 

Eyeing Eliran’s companions, the princess took it upon herself to offer her most polite introduction. _Especially when it seems that something had set Elfriede off,_ she thought, glancing warily at the knight before turning to address the small blonde woman and the white-haired laguz in Eliran’s party. “Might I introduce myself before we go to eat together. I’m quite glad to see that Eliran is keeping company, as his usual self is wont to do. I am Princess Afina Tyndall of Laera, in the kingdom Callora. Though Eliran’s family does not hail from Laera as I do, he is like a compatriot and blood to myself.” She bowed her head in a quick nod. “I hope he has not caused too much trouble,” she said with a knowing expression. Afina’s eyes hesitated on the tall white-haired laguz for a moment, remembering Atalantia, before quickly darting away to look at the ground.
Nokri (Marisa): Everyone seemed very awkward and uncomfortable, much to Nokri's amusement. She didn't care about her ragged clothes anymore now that uptight knight boy was put in his place. Eliran's behavior was also pleasantly surprising, and she nodded along to every word of his partially-bogus story. She considered giving him a pat on the back later. Her, a legal Theanovene citizen. Hehe. And him, the... heir of... the Cantaret trading company?

*Woah woah woah woah. Careful with your tall tales, associating yourself so boldly with such a well-known company... That's something people can trace through public records.* Nokri's thinking slowed to a halt. Then, it started racing. Technically, nothing he had said was an outright lie. What was Eliran's last name, anyway? Had it always been that? Nokri couldn't remember for the life of her. She stared at the ground while lost in thought, eyes the size of dinner plates. *Is that why he knows so many people? Not because he sleeps around all the time?* Nokri moved her stare to Eliran, looking at him as though it was for the first time. *What the [censored].* She snapped her neck towards Aldus. Did he know about this?

Now was not the time for a crisis. She took a deep breath and smiled. Everything was totally natural. Everything was fine. *Why didn't he tell me. I could've been selling my potions and making a pretty penny with connections like that.* Fine. It's all fine. Back to the conversation at hand.
Nokri (Marisa): At the moment Nokri wasn't very hungry, especially after the weird hand display that Desii and sword slicin' mcgee put on and the sudden announcement from Mr. "I'm actually rich" boy, but she wouldn't pass up a chance to chow down if given the opportunity. Doubly so if the food was free. *Especially* if Mr. so-called Cantaret might be willing to elaborate a little on his background. Plus the least Mr. Knight could do for them would be pay for their dinner. "Indeed, with some good food perhaps we can put this all behind us. Right, Aldus?"

The blonde woman was in agreement, and a little flustered? She was pretty hasty to deny that she and the knight were going to eat dinner alone together. The color drained from Nokri's face as she introduced herself. *Pppppppprincess??? Nooooooooooooooooooohohohoho way.* The girl did look the part though, and had been acting pretty princess-y in the 60 seconds since she arrived. Was this all some messed up fever dream, and Nokri was still rotting in a cave somewhere? Did this girl and Eliran devise some sneaky prank to mess with them? The clock was ticking, and it would be strange to stay silent. Nokri deduced that even if this girl wasn't a princess, her social status was far above Nokri's and just humoring her might win some favor.

She bowed back, "I apologize, I did not realize we were in the presence of royalty, your majesty. This has been no trouble at all, I'm sure your knight was only acting in his best interests." She didn't lift her head, instead staying in a bow while mentally trying to wrap her mind around what in the world was happening.
Nokri (Marisa): "M-my name is Nokri Lyleon, it is an utmost pleasure to make your acquaintance," she stammered. It had been a long time since using formal etiquette. Most polite encounters were done in a shop-based setting. *Shoot, shoot. I messed up. I lost my cool. Way to slip up in front of the princess, dipstick.*
Aldus (Jess): He is more than surprised the Eliran’s hurried defense of Nokri, further cementing the claim that he didn't think Aldus was crazy for wanting to protect her. It’s more apparent to him now that Nokri was the true target here. Himself only being guilty by association. Although he’s still not sure what this knight thinks she is guilty of exactly. Aldus hadn’t realised the war had gotten so bad that people were starting witch hunts in the streets for apparent Drecans. Perhaps Nokri *was* guilty of something, perhaps she had gotten caught stealing something, or her shady potions dealing finally caught up with her. He was thinking too far into this…

Eliran has quite the way with words, the way he turns the situation to politeness quickly. He gives himself quite the introduction too, much more fanciful than the one given to Aldus weeks ago, Aldus has never heard of the Cantaret Household and Trading Company, but it sounds impressive, A title worthy of standing up to a Knight Lieutenant of Eraia. He glances down to Nokri the surprise at the given title evident on his face *Did you know about this?!* he tries to say wordlessly, finding the answer in the similar look she is giving him. 

Desii seems to be aware of some custom he is not, although her Guide to Eraian Pleasantries may be a little outdated by the way Knight Lieutenant Faun responds, he idly hopes this custom only applies to women. Her gesture does seem to defuse the knight a bit though.
Aldus (Jess): Faun sighs, obviously annoyed at the bard, but does not press the issue further. Eliran follows the Knights social defeet with "So... do you need to return to your 1 on 1 night out.. or would you guys like to join us for dinner?" This statement confuses Aldus for two reasons; The first is it seems quite out of place to suggest a meal with someone who nearly caused an altercation just moments ago, perhaps this is the custom here? The other reason being that he’s pretty positive of of these two humans has recently spent the night, or perhaps day, with a Naissankari. Are they already onto their next conquest? Are knights or Eraia even permitted to be so? Could the woman perhaps be the one? But she doesn't seem the sort, she seems regal, put together. Although Aldus has no doubt she could have any she desired to be her bed warmer. Or maybe Eliran has just been speedy this time around. 

The new blonde woman seems to be an old friend of Elirans, or perhaps a past lover? The stings of possibilities are quickly getting tangled in Aldus’s mind. Even more so when She introduces herself as Princess Afina Tyndall of Laera. Aldus is beginning to feel quite uncomfortable with all this fancy titles and positions. He doesn't even have a title, even if he had the title his father intended for him, it would command the same respect here as it does at home. Nokri is also obviously impressed by all these titles as well, evident in the way he voice drips with politeness and faked kindness.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus clears his throat, having not spoken as of yet due to awe at the situation. And chuckles nervously. “Is this what the people of this area do when they have a dispute? Have a meal together? This is an interesting concept, such a situation would not be settled the same where I am from, nevertheless I would be happy to try to get passed whatever just happened and move on. I am Aldus Larian of Wynne” he says trying to make his unimpressive title stand up to the likes of knights and princesses. He bows fluidly to the princess before meeting her crystal blues with his deep emeralds “I am afraid that I do not know the proper custom for greeting a Calorian Princess, I hope that will suffice.”
Eliran (Halim): Eliran watched Aldus' awkward introduction with a sympathetic eye. Looking to nokri  he noticed she wore a similar expression of shock at the titles going around. He hadn't told his companions his full identity for this reason. Because titles, while useful,  tended to create barriers and expectations that he didn't like while traveling. 
At Aldus' nervous comment he responded with a small laugh, "A meal together isn't the normal solution for a dispute no," he then gestured to Afina, "however tonight I get to see a friend I haven't met in a year, so in my mind that means a meal is in order." 
he looked at the group with grin, "plus, I know a great place here, one of the few that actually hosts performances as well!" He said with a hint of childish glee.  "And music is the best way to solve all problems."
