Afina (Georgia🍀): [end aside]
Nokri (Marisa): ```Location: The Streets of Trisp
Characters: Afina, Nokri
Aside, S T A R T !```
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri had been wandering around the streets close to the hotel, getting a feel for the town. Her pockets were stuffed with common ingredients she was hoping to pawn off, but it was doubtful anyone would do business with her. While clean, her clothes were still torn up and she looked rather wild. Taking a rest from her walk, she stood in the shade eyeing the townspeople as they went about their business.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina shook her head as she walked out of the monastery. The Cardinal's behavior would suggest that he was hiding something. He purposely diverted the conversation! But his credibility made Afina want to believe him. Why would he hide another Callorian? _He would certainly hide a kidnapping, Afina you idiot,_ she told herself. Her new travel bounced against her side, a heavy light magic book and a few necessities contained inside it. Afina hurried strutted down the roads of the Trisp marketplace, in search of Desii and... what was his NAME!?
Nokri (Marisa): Nothing too interesting was happening, and Nokri was beginning to attract whispers for loitering. Just as she determined to set off, a familiar face entered the crowd. *Where have I seen her before?* she wondered. The girl looked very busy, striding with purpose towards... somewhere.  After a moment's hesitation, Nokri realized. *It's the royal chick! Mr. Trader's BFF! What is she doing?*
Nokri took a few steps forward. Would the princess appreciate being stopped while she was obviously busy? She's probably so important that she doesn't remember Nokri at all. *Maybe I could help her?* Even if the princess didn't want help, Nokri was dying to know what she was up to. It had to be something grand.

The course of action she decided upon was to swiftly catch up to the princess and wave. If it went well, great! Maybe they could start a conversation! If she received a weird look, Nokri would pretend to be waving to somebody *behind* the princess. It was a foolproof idea. Utterly genius.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina froze as a figure approached from the corner of her eye. _Doesn't a merchant have the good sense to see I look bus--_ Afina thought, turning to admonish the foolish shop vendor. Afina hesitated, and slowed her stride as she recognized the small woman approaching her. _Ah, Nokri. That's Eliran's friend... that Elfriede threatened,_ Afina thought, the secondhand embarrassment making her heart sink. She hoped that dinner had smoothed everything over. Though perhaps if the Drecan was approaching her, then all was well. "Nokri! Hello, what brings you out here to the marketplace?"
Nokri (Marisa): It worked! *It worked!* AND she remembered her name!! "Your royal highness, good day!" she greeted courteously. "I merely wanted to express my humble thanks for yesterday's meal. It was truly delicious. I hope I'm not interrupting you from anything too important, you seem busy." Her voice was full of sincerity. "Right now I was just enjoying some fresh air and seeing the sights of this new town. It's been a long time since I enjoyed somewhere as quaint as Trisp. May I ask, what brings you to the market?"
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina glanced about the market, suddenly every suspicious of every Eraian in the nearest vicinity. "Actually, I was on my way to the park. Would you like to accompany me?" Afina inquired, asking with the familiar soft smile of a courteous princess. _An awful amount of politeness has required today,_ she thought. _Hopefully things with Elfriede will smooth over tonight, even if we don't have any romantic involvements, I could do with some wise input and counsel._ A subtle pink blush blossomed across Afina's cheeks, but she was none the wiser.
Nokri (Marisa): W-w-w-w-would I? Like to accompany her to the park? Now Nokri was the one blushing like a maiden in love. "I would be honored," she managed to say, moving next to Afina so they could continue walking side by side. "Were you just taking a leisurely stroll?"
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Ah, I'm afraid not. I came to Eraia on business, and it seems that business is what this trip shall be about. You see, I came to study light magic. As that is the magic I'm most proficient in." Afina hesitates. "I mean to say, I would study the other magics given the time and access to resources, but light magic is my first and favorite." Afina rolled her eyes playfully. "Laerans are very particular about that type of thing." The two continued down the road, turning onto a side street with much less traffic. "So it seems I've become embroiled in my duty for Callora, as a princess. Desii spoke of a Callorian, Enera, here in Eraia. I have reason to believe shes in the monastery, separated from her parents that miss her. Because your companions informed me of this, though, I'm sure this is information that you are also privy to. Yes?" Afina asked, blue eyes shadowed by flecks of gray as she looked at Nokri. She was serious, without being somber. A type of lighthearted focus that few could carry.
Nokri (Marisa): She nodded along to the story on light magic. This princess must be very religious then. Good to know so Nokri didn't accidentally step on any toes in the future. "How wonderful! I've dabbled in magic myself, but find light magic quite difficult to get the hang of. You must have spent countless hours practicing."
Nokri's expression then faltered, her cordial smile fading into a puzzled neutral expression. The name Enera didn't ring a bell. Is that why they chose to come to this city? Why wasn't she informed?
"Oh yes, of course," she responded to this new information. "How kindhearted of you to be involved with these affairs. Your people must highly cherish you."
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina blinked in surprise, a small smile forming across her face. "Why... yes! You know, back home, I'm called the Light of Laera, and everyone is very eager to see their princess take the thro--." Afina paused, remembering the letter from her father that she had received at Elfriede's house. "Well, they are quite anxious for their princess to return home safely. Adamina's Day is a holiday coming up soon actually, it's a day where we reflect on those, especially family, who passed on their knowledge to us." _Though I doubt I'll be spending mine thanking Master Witella_, she thought. "Do excuse me, where are my manners, what magic do you practice, Nokri?" Afina could feel herself relaxing. The Drecan was easy to talk to, and honest. How could such an enthusiastically friendly person come from such a hostile nation?
Nokri (Marisa): "That sounds so lovely! I would love to witness such a holiday being celebrated, I bet it's a most joyous occasion! Are there festivals, too?" It sounded similar to a Drecan holiday based around filial piety, though without the forced reciting of their national anthem and having to sit still on your knees for hours listening to the history of Dreca. Her legs went numb just recalling it.
"My specialty is healing magic, though I need the right tools. I was a doctor and many times my patients were on the brink of death, so it was important to learn quickly and efficiently to save as many as possible." She left out any mention of dark magic, as an avid worshiper probably wouldn't take too lightly to hearing about sacrifices and gore. "I've been getting rusty though as my companions rely on another to heal them, so if you happen to know anyone who is injured I would appreciate any opportunity to help."
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina smiled. "Yes! We have festivals of knowledge and such, called the light festivals. And we have Laera National holidays, celebrating our founder, Archon. He is, of course, the ancestor that my name 'Afina' comes from." Afina cocked her head as Nokri offered healing assistance, genuinely impressed. Afina had been meaning to learn more healing magic, but had never really gotten the time to do so. How had Elfriede threaten someone so kind? Afina made a mental note to reprimand him later. _Adding to the list of things to consult Elfriede about_, she thought. _Right, Elfriede._ Seeing the park approaching, Afina took this opportunity while she had it. Stopping short, Afina quickly bowed her head politely, before raising it to meet Nokri's eyes. "I deeply apologize for the actions of my companion, by the way. He's a little predisposed to mistrusting Drecans on account of his heritage. He is quite the friendly and helpful companion with time, however, so I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive him."
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri nodded in fascination, committing everything Afina told her to memory. It was all very valuable and fascinating information, especially as Nokri barely knew such a country existed in the first place. "Fascinating," and "wow!" were peppered into the conversation several times.
"It is perfectly fine, I don't let such things bother me," she said of the knight incident. "It happens quite often, actually, and I've gotten into a lot of hot water in the past over such misunderstandings. I'm sure he was only acting in his and your best interests. Consider it water under the bridge." How could she continue holding a grudge against the princess's knight? "You two seem like very close companions. You must trust him deeply."
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Elfriede? Of course, while a queen serves in Laera, she often has a tutor, a counsel, and the support of her loved ones," Afina looked up at the sky as she spoke. "Miraculously, he's been able to perform all three functions, and more. I'm proud to have him by my side, in combat and in peace." Afina's heart fluttered in her chest as she thought about her travels with the knight. "Eraians and Callorians don't typically associate, of course. But... I guess one could say I'm hopeful." Afina turned back towards Nokri. "I don't suppose Eliran has captured your fancy in a similar way, has he?" Afina laughed.
Nokri (Marisa): "How wonderful, to be so close." Nokri flashed an adoring smile. *Maybe one day the princess will think of me the same way.* What a silly, overly hopeful thought. 
She let out a rare, genuine laugh at the mention of Eliran. "Ah, Mr. Playboy? Not in the slightest, I know I don't stand a chance what with his adept ladykilling skills," she joked. 
As they neared the park, Nokri rounded off their chatter, like putting a cherry on top of a sundae. "Thank you for allowing me to accompany you, this was a delightful conversation! I really enjoyed speaking with you."
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina smiled. "The same to you! I've had quite the tense day, and I'm glad to have found some pleasant company with you. I look forward to speaking again soon." Afina moved to kiss Nokri's forehead, but remembering her social graces, pulled the young woman into a hug instead. Afina patted her back awkwardly. _Good avoidance, Afina,_ she thought.
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri's entire face turned red at the sudden hug. How many years had it been since someone *hugged* her? This princess was totally different from the other nobles, who would just throw money at their problems to live a leisurely life. Was hugging a common custom in Afina's country? Nokri merely responded with "likewise," and bowed humbly, acting as though this was totally normal and not in any way awkward whatsoever.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina nodded contently, before turning to face the park. She could see Desii and the laguz man from here. _Darn! I should have asked Nokri what her friends name is,_ Afina thought. Frowning, she began to walk towards the two on the bench. This would be a very interesting conversation.
Afina (Georgia🍀): [end aside]
