Afina (Georgia🍀): ```
Characters: Afina Tyndall and Eliran Canteret
Location: Afina's Guest Room in the Trisp Monastery
```
Eliran (Halim): Eliran opened the door after a light courtesy knock. "The light of whom?" He asked with an eyebrow raised "I only see a wee little princess in here." He teased with a grin.
Afina (Georgia🍀): The sparks from Afina's light spell promptly fizzled out as she saw who entered. "Hmph, and I only see a merchant boy who doesn't know how to write," Afina said with a wry smile.
Eliran (Halim): _Shit she remembered_ Eliran thought, "you know the only thing I've ever written is music" He offered hesitantly with a slightly humorous sound. _she's never gonna let this go_
Afina (Georgia🍀): "One would think after being near inseparable in our youth that you would at least write _once_," Afina insisted, folding her arms. She suddenly realized how childish that sounded, like she was throwing a tantrum, and promptly unfolded them. "Even when I moved to Theanovene, you weren't even there. There's an awful lot of books to keep a Laeran occupied, but nothing quite like an old friend." She pursed her lips.
Eliran (Halim): "I'm sorry ok, its just been a crazy year and I haven't had any time" Eliran stepped into the room proper and lightly closed the door, "and I didn't even spend much time in Theanovene.... Wait you were in Theanovene???" He asked, realizing what she had said.
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Yes," Afina huffed, closing her light magic book and setting on the table next to her brooch. "Father sent me there after a problem with the handmaid. It was shameful, I don't particularly want to discuss it." She frowned. "The point being. Eliran. It's been far too long, I was quite lonely. You know better than anyone how few friends I had in Callora."
Eliran (Halim): Eliran plopped next to her and ruffled her hair a bit, "I know and I'm sorry." he said, "though next time if you want me to visit you could tell me you're in town? My dad lives there and he keeps track of where all of our caravans go."
Afina (Georgia🍀): "I didn't know where to write! And with Itory... and I was stuck there... and..." Afina trips over her words, looking at Eliran with wide, glossy eyes. "All I did was study, I cannot tell you how many times I wished to be a child again and run through the creek with my best friend Eliran."
Eliran (Halim): Eliran thought back to the creek days  ,"I don't think you want to run through the creek like we did back then... considering how we did it..." He mused slightly, stroking his chin as if in deep thought. "It would definitely give weight to those old betrothal rumors" he chuckled.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina's cheeks flared up a bright red. "You know that I don't mean _that_ part of it!" she yelled, shoving him playfully with a smile. "Though you give a good point. Those were quite the rumors. The Laeran paper ran such reports for quite some time. I assume after a while they realized they were wrong." She folds her arms, lifting her chin. "Technically, there's still time for you, however," she said slyly.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran chuckled, "Sure thing, imagine that. Me, a king. The wars that countries would start with us just because of my sass." he shook his head, "No I  think that relationship can stay in the old Laeran papers."
Afina (Georgia🍀): "For the good of Laera, I shan't marry you then," she grinned. "Unless, of course, neither of us are married by 40. In which case, I'll marry you out of _pity_," she laughed, a loud and honest laugh that she hadn't allowed herself to have in a lot while. "Irregardless, Eliran. I'm quite glad you're back. I _did_ miss you, you know," she said quietly, scooting closer to the man from her childhood. She wrapped her arms around him and squeezed tightly, nuzzling into his shoulder.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran returned the hug, holding Afina in his arms tightly, "I missed you too," He gave her a light kiss on the forehead, "And I'm sorry about not writing. Its been a _long_ year." He added while comfortingly rubbing her shoulder. "Though, lets be honest, If anybody should be worried about marriage by 40 its you. When was last time you got close to somebody huh?"
Afina (Georgia🍀): "I'll have you know that there are scores of men after me! Loads. Not even all Laeran. I was close to someone, just the other night, you know!" she gloated proudly. Sure, Eliran was going to assume she was _with_ someone, in which case she would have to correct him. But she was proud to have bonded with at least one person, whilst Eliran had been spending much of his life bonding with _many_ people.
Eliran (Halim): "Oh really, did you two hold hands?" He asked teasingly as he poked her side.
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Yes! Yes we did Sir Pants-Down-On-Day-One," she chided playfully. "Why do you need to know anyways? I'm sure you've been quite busy in your travels yourself."
Eliran (Halim): "I'll have you know, my pants may be down, but my heart is closed" He said with mock dignity. "A friendly romp with somebody is nothing to be ashamed of." He look at her through the corner of his eyes, "And why wouldn't I want to know what my best friends relationship status is. After a year at your age you could have gotten married for all I know."
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Well, you'll be pleased to know that you haven't missed anything major, then. There's someone I'm interested in, and I have reason to suspect he is as well, but I'm not entirely sure anything could come of it. There's... barriers. In the way," Afina pulled her knees to her chest and hugged them, thankful that her nightgown was long enough to prevent any uncomfortable sights from being seen.
Eliran (Halim): "Oh..?" Eliran looked at her, no longer teasing her, "Who is it? A rival household? That son of the duke guy who hates your dad?"
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina bit her lip, eyes glancing towards the wall that she knew her room shared with Elfriede's next door. "You know... that knight... Eraian..." the princess said slowly, not entirely wanting to commit to admitting such things aloud. She mustered up enough courage. "My escort."
Eliran (Halim): "Another Knight?" Eliran said with an eyebrow raised, then added slow and carefully, ".... well thats good. Just... be careful ok?" He looked at her seriously, "A lot can happen when you travel, especially when you get into dangerous situations.." he paused shortly, a sad look briefly appeared in  his eyes, "You can get close without really knowing somebody."
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina watched as Eliran's eyes darkened; Clearly such an experience had really hurt him before. It wasn't often that the Eblian was serious, though he was more than capable of being so. It wasn't often that Afina had seen her friend so affected; When they were children, Eliran had always been the confident and strong one (which she had often attributed it to him have two years on her). "Ah well, even if nothing comes of it, I still have your friendship." Afina ruffled his hair. "Especially after I buy you proper stationary and ink!"
Eliran (Halim): With his hair properly messed up Eliran couldn't help but laugh, "Hey stop it," he said swatting her hand away, "Since when were you the hair ruffler here??" He added countering by ruffling the Princesses hair. He relaxed, putting his back against the wall behind her beds headboard. "Its good to see you again Afrin."
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina blew the strands of blonde hair away from her face. "Good to see you as well, Eliran. Perhaps this time we won't part so quickly. Are you sure you'll be alright in that inn with your friends? I would offer you a place here, but sadly that would take much more conniving than I believe I'm skilled in."
