Aldus (Jess): ``
Characters: Aldus, Elfriede, and Nokri
Location: Trisp Marketplace 
``
Aldus (Jess): Aldus is immediately taken aback by this newcomers hostile attitude. He backs up half a step defensively ,  and starts to reach for his weapon before the auburn haired man drops rapier back in its sheath.  He lowers his defense in return and studies the man inquisitively.  "While I'm sure help would be appreciated, you'll surely understand our.... hesitance, yes? You went from wanting to attack you wanting to help in a matter of moment. Is there a particular reason why you would reacted that way? How can we trust your offer of help is exactly that and nothing more? Given your first impression I'm sure you understand my line of reasoning" He smiles polity at the man.
Nokri (Marisa): Was this guy actually going to draw a sword on them in the middle of the street? *Yeah, think again bucko.* Nokri glanced at Aldus. To an outsider, this would appear to be a glance of concern or worry. But anyone who knew Nokri's true nature could understand the *real* meaning of thislook. *Get a load of this guy, am I right? Who does he think he is?* It was as close to rolling her eyes as she could get without being offensive.

Instead, she did a little curtsy, wincing after bending her leg at an unusual angle. She made a mental note to patch that up later. "Good day, sir. I apologize for his rude manner of speech," she started, gesturing to Aldus, "but he is correct. We haven't had the most... pleasant of days recently so do understand that we're hesitant to follow a stranger."
Aldus (Jess): Aldus blinks at Nokri's polite response *Oh today just keeps getting more interesting* he thinks while he waits for the man responce
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: "I apologise for my initial rudeness." He says while glancing around looking for a certain princess. "But you'll have to take me at my word, as ... A Knight of Eraia." 

He spoke hesitantly as he realized that his ranking likely meant nothing to these outsiders. 

"P-please just come with me,I promise you won't come to any harm in the blinding daylight and busy streets of the marketing."
Aldus (Jess): Aldus is confused. Why ever would this man to help so badly? He was obviously a knight like he claimed... civic duty perhaps? "very well then I suppose. My name is Aldus Larian, and I'm not a local, if that wasn't obvious." there is no malice in his naive tone as he says this.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Elfriede bows slightly, "Pleasure to meet you Sir Larian."
Faun then eyes the girl expectantly. "Is this acceptable to her ladyship?"

Elfriede mentally sighed in relief, *Good.. this doesn't have to get ugly..* He paused a moment in thought looking at the two, still unsure what to make of them. *Such an odd pairing..*
Nokri (Marisa): "If Aldus is willing to trust you..." Nokri nodded, ok with going along if they just stayed in the public eye. Aldus would probably blindly trust a scarecrow if Nokri threw a decent shirt over it and pretended it could talk, but if this so-called knight wanted to immediately kill them he would have already gotten it over with. She wasn't going to say her name unless prompted again, though. Nokri preferred to get more information about the situation. "You said we should go to the temple? Is it open to the public masses?"
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: "Not... exactly. The church of Lylalel part is of course, but the healing services usually "cost" a small pittance of tithe. I'll cover this for you of course, I do not expect that someone in your current condition has much in the way of resources... Unless." Elfriede looks back up to Aldus. "Unless you hired this man for protection?"

"And we can talk a bit while we're there, maybe I can help you find... Whatever it is, whilst you're here."
Nokri (Marisa): "I appreciate your concern good sir, but I am okay. I don't require any healing services, with the right supplies and a little bit of time I can heal myself." *And I'm not paying for some shams to come mumble a few words over me in the name of god.*

Nokri smiled, but held back her laughter. If she had the money she'd pay for way more than some dog. She'd be riding around in a gold palanquin. "No, Aldus and I are merely traveling together. He aided me a great deal as of late."
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: His tone dropping a bit, Elfriede's visage went from apologetic to more serious. "I don't want this to be an unnessary scene Drecan. If you are truly of innocent origins, you'll come with me." 

It was a rather amusing scene, Faun standing there holding the princess's belongings.
Aldus (Jess): "huh?" Aldus is confused by the man's words. *Why would it matter if she's Drecian*despite this he feels hesitant once again. But he has no thought if getting in trouble today.
