Bill: How difficult would it be for me to vector in illustrator.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's pretty easy once you learn how to use the tools
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Its way easier than any other vector program I've used
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lol there are other vector programs?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~im kidding~~
Bill: Oh okay if I'm doing  vectors it'll be of anime... Doing a vector of a photo is weird.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Natthelich is such a good artist, unfortunately most of her stuff is nsfw
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): whoa
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She's also oddly embarrassed when she draws men?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She's like man I really wanna draw men but I always get so embarrassed
Elfriede Faun (Tom): She drew an alstopho that I'll drop in nsfw, her men are really good too
Bill: https://photofocus.com/photography/wacom-introduces-intuos-pro-small/ <@!351785752197201920> you were saying about a new tablet?
Aldus Larian (Jess): He already bought a table
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Thatd the exact model I got cept larger
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And I'm guessing one step back since this is prerelease right?
Aldus Larian (Jess): wait our is larger or this oe is larger?
Bill: I think this a new model specifically to be the smaller version of the one you got.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The one I got is the medium size one
Elfriede Faun (Tom): They already have a small of the one I got
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Which I considered cuz it real cheap but
Elfriede Faun (Tom): We'll use it a ton, gotta go big
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's actually smaller than the one I have already
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But I feel like my current is way big
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And inaccurate and the software succ
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo ok
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So sorry aldus I need to practice failing proportions
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's a good start tho!
Aldus Larian (Jess): What's behind the post it? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Post it? No that's just his naked body,that's what it looks like
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea?
Glonk: Dem hands tho
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I realized bringing in under the rib cage made him.more correct
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Actual photo of Aldus's dick
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I briefly forgot Rob cages exist
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo yea!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): *Gets home and grabs my light pencil*
I wanna redo!
*Ten minutes later *
Oh that's better
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's real light but I like the details and face so much better
Aldus Larian (Jess): I love him
Glonk: Where the "nope" sticker?
Aldus Larian (Jess): No more nope.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's there can't you see
Elfriede Faun (Tom): This is why I learned to draw
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm sorry yall
Aldus Larian (Jess): Amazing
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <@228287793099440128>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Are these Bett hands?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Seems like a good night to get wine drink and attempt to draw seven in that God awful t-shirt from earlier
Bill: That sounds amazing sign me up
Bill: I’m just here a food coma cause I cheated with popcorn chips and cake.
Bill: Oh the resident artist in our rwby team rp is talking about doing dab emotes of us.
Bill: ~~Mawisa I wanna show them Sona sooooon~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Haha I sketched seven but he has no hair and it looks like deacon from fallout 4  ~~and they are actually really simular lmao~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): And oo I cheated on my diet too yo!
