Nokri (Marisa): i think i drew a lot of angelic characters when i was in middle or high school
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Woah she cute
Nokri (Marisa): ~~I guess I shouldn’t create a horrible tragic backstory for her then~~
It will be happy
Nokri (Marisa): She’s frowning because she can’t choose between blueberry or chocolate muffins
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's an actual dilemma
Bill: I read the new chapter of your fic Jess, personally way more interested in Unknown and Mr Stalker than Jisun but overall great.
Bill: Didn’t realize you hadn’t been posting your Seven Saeran fics, explains why I hadn’t been getting emails about them.
Bill: I was pretty sure I followed your account in addition to the story.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well that's ok that's the main focus anyway but he didn't talk about it right away since he wasn't sure if he wanted to tell seven yet
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye I only posted then on Tumblr so far
Bill: Oh that was a cool bit. Unknown saying to tell Seven.
Bill: I was like O-fucking-wo?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Cuz he's doubting himself knowing what's real right now <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA whoo! *Insert that's growth meme*
Bill: I honestly love the unknown Saeran dynamic building so...
Bill: ~~inb4 Saeran getting frisky with Jisun and Ray shows up~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoo! I have no idea where that's going <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Jisun and Unknown were both completely unplanned so *laughs nervously$
Bill: It’s working for you.
Bill: Seven MC fluff would have been fun but. Rika comin back for only loyal supporter to restart the cult or some shit?
Bill: Also legit.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea fluff was never the main idea
Aldus Larian (Jess): Do you think it was bad they talked about Jisun?
Bill: Nah. Not at all.
Bill: Seven and MC being overprotective seems really in character to me.
Bill: What I think might happen, as a reader, is they take it too far and Saeran blows up at them, which leaves him alone for Mr Stalker to get to him.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh ok. YEA people said they seem realistic. Characterization is a big priority for me so that's good.
Aldus Larian (Jess): This early game stuff is hard cuz it's the part I have less of an idea about so I'm making that up as I go.
Aldus Larian (Jess): But as this cnages the later stuff changes too
Bill: Mm, gotta keep plans flexible.
Bill: I mean, you have MC down and that’s arguably harder than Seven/Unknown because she’s a blank slate.
Bill: Particular moment being when she laments that Seven wasn’t kidding about going “full recon”. That sounds like MC, accepting and understanding but also like “yeah no this is reality”
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think Seven's MS has mildly perceptible personality. She jokes around, knows when things are serious, knows how to stick to her guns
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Just finished chapters 3 and 4. V good. I really like the way you show Saeran and Unknown's duality
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The text message thing was clever
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Let the red-head know* 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAY <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): thanks guys!
Aldus Larian (Jess): FUCK i had another idea
Aldus Larian (Jess): i get why writers say they dont control the characters now
Bill: Welcome.
Nokri (Marisa): To chili’s
Bill: *it's on my way home*
Nokri (Marisa): Congrats on your new chili’s job
Bill: no u.
Nokri (Marisa): I didn’t get a job at chili’s
Bill: Neither did I so that doesn't make a difference now does it.
Nokri (Marisa): But you were welcoming jess to chili’s
Bill: I was not, you were.
Nokri (Marisa): you literally said "welcome to chili's how can i help you"
Bill: it's too early for this so anyway.
Nokri (Marisa): and brought out menus and crayons and all that jazz
Nokri (Marisa): we have it on tape don't deny it search your feelings you know it to be true
Nokri (Marisa): it's almost inktober
Nokri (Marisa): time to start stockpiling drawings so i can be like "yes i did this today in inktober" <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): what a good idea
Bill: Lol art.
Bill: The writing thing has proven fun, but I'm still no artist.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i should draw when i get home its been a week since ive drawn so i prob lost any progress i make
Nokri (Marisa): i got some new brushes i wanna try out but idk what to try
Nokri (Marisa): jess we can suffer together it feels like my stomach is being run over by a truck
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh if you subscribe to their emails, they send you the list a week early which would be this Sunday
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://inktober.com/rules
Aldus Larian (Jess): wouldnt that be a month early?
Bill: ^
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): They post the list Sept 1
Bill: I was going to say I could have swore it was October.
Aldus Larian (Jess): OO ok gotcha
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk if imma try this year
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but yes, it's meant for October
Nokri (Marisa): once it becomes january it's basically halloween already
Aldus Larian (Jess): i rushed everything last year and produced really bad arts
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless i just stick to simple arts that i actually draw in ink instead of trying to skecth and then trace in ink
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I got 11 days in last year but missed day 10
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Only did 3 digital arts. They rest were either just dumb doodles or sketched and traced with a sharpie
Aldus Larian (Jess): a whole month is hard
Aldus Larian (Jess): a drawing sometimes takes me 3 days
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~or more~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): i guess if i could get a head start maybe id be able too but idk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can usually get a decent sketch out in maybe an hour? But then converting to digital and coloring and shading takes like, 4 hours
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was able to do the digital arts after work but it was just exhausting
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Maybe since I'll be in the apartment by then and I'll have more space to spread out it'll be easier to do?
Nokri (Marisa): a sketch can take me like 30 minutes if it's something i know ~~girls facing slightly to the side~~ but coloring takes eternity
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i sketch pertty fast its everything after that that takes time
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Nice! I'll totally do it this time
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I feel a bit more......better about my art lately at least
El🆓de Faun (Tom): And I have *some* motivation
Nokri (Marisa): dont draw a mermaid
don't draw a mermaid
i drew a mermad
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): is it bedtime yet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow that's so good
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Aldus Larian (Jess): AHH THATS SO GOOD
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yes u!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): IM LOVE
Nokri (Marisa): no u
fun fact that's a law now mermaid hands just dissipate into nothingness they don't exist thanks for coming to my ted tad
Nokri (Marisa): ted tad
ok
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEAH GOOD WOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): Archive of Our Own won a Hugo Award so that makes me and Biru award winning authors now right?
Nokri (Marisa): Yes!!
Bill: You posted a fic. :3
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE its one of the ones from saeran week. i wrote it in the car on the way to otakon!
Bill: Feel like I lost Blake's "voice" having not written for a month or so.
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): When in doubt return to the source! Or to a another fic you think had good characterization
Bill: Hmm. I had been avoiding Jessica Jones so I didn’t copy the story too much... but might be a good idea at this point. 

Dunno if I know any fics with snarky Blake. Have to think about that.
Bill: I have arcs somewhat outlined so that might keep from lifting too much Jessica Jones.
