Bill: I tried to write more of the Claude Lysithea from yesterday. Now it's just two Claude being overprotective in a me esk way and Lysithea getting annoyed by it... also in a me esk way.
Bill: Which feels power coupley but I honestly have no idea if this worth salvaging more.
Bill: Yeah alright I should see if I can find someone to read stuff and beta. Maybe floo.
Bill: Maybe I can get floo to beta, I dunno if he's into fire emblem but he's got no problem being critical...
Aldus Larian (Jess): are you worried about projecting to much? or being ooc? or you just dont like it?
Bill: (Premise is Lysithea has nightmare about spoilers and wake up all spooked and shit, for context.) Second section might be a little projecty, cause I leaned into my habits for being overprotective and needing people to respect problems, not fix them... Because the first second I was kinda flying blind cause I can't really imagine how to comfort someone in that scenario.
Bill: So both parts have their problems.
Bill: Or i'm overthinking it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm thats more comfort than protection id say? I have plans for similar stuff (i e fics ive wrote in my head 45 times but never actually typed out). obviously it still has that "feeling of safety" theme but its not like actual protection in the literal sense.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you obviously cant fix a nightmare so basically soothing words, touch if the character is cool with that maybe they just talk about it and stuff like that?
Bill: Yeah, I guess it's fine then... Definitely comfort in the start. The continuation was Claude being overprotective (for his own sake, he knows she able to handle herself but he'd beat himself up if he wasn't there for her) Lysithea being pissed about it (cause she's got a shitton of pride and needs people to know she's capable on her own) but coming to an understand since she'd do the same in the role reversal?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i can beta if u want, but i dont know the characters so might be hard also whos floo?
Bill: Floo's one of my teammates from my RWBY RP. ~~which died again.~~ He was always the most active along with me.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo ok
Bill: I feel like I'm kinda ooc by default cause limited scope of the characters but... it's mostly relationship fluff and that you got prime knowledge on so if you're offering I'd appreciate it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): sure!
Bill: Can your phone open that? It's just a text file but
Bill: I'm assuming you'd open on a phone and that said phone can't open docx.
Aldus Larian (Jess): im at work so ill open it on my computer
Aldus Larian (Jess): so is fine
Aldus Larian (Jess): suggestion to up fluff factor instead of saying "he whispers words of assurance" go ahead ad put the actual words that he said
Aldus Larian (Jess): also i noticed you use "Ly" as a nick name but only once. since her full name is long id imagine someone that intimate would call her by that more often, or another pet name
Aldus Larian (Jess): besides that it was good though! i dont know the characters so i cant ell if its OOC or not. some of the things they say sound like you but no one would know that except us
Bill: Thank for reading. It's... pretty me in there, but I was ~~drawing~~ writing at straws to get the idea out.
Bill: I can't actually think of a worth enough nickname.  A large part of her character is a design to be taken seriously so I feel like not shorting her name is actually something she'd like about him.
Bill: Also I as a person am not good at words of assurance. 😅 I'm more of a comforting hug type ~~which cannot be conveyed over text to anyone so I just seem generally bad at comforting 🙃~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): my only point was that nicknames imply intimacy. 
for the words maybe a series of comforting "shushes" "its ok" "you're safe now" "they cant hurt you anymore" "im here"
Bill: mmmkay.
Bill: I've been leaning like, pet name with the nickname thing? The intimacy part I like I just can't think of anything to suit. 🙂
Aldus Larian (Jess): also if clause is like a carefree funny kinda dude (shich im not sure im just kind of assuming from like memes and looks) then he's probably find something short and sweet to call her  since her name doesn't exactly roll off the tongue when repeated so many times
Bill: He is, but it's also a persona. He's quite intelligent and the laid back attitude is over the top of a calculating, driven individual.
Aldus Larian (Jess): so he wouldnt like nicknames?
Bill: Oh, he'd use em. But since at his core he's considerable more observant and attentive, I figure he'd pick up that Lysithea would like her full name when they're alone together. Cause Lysithea a *wee* bit sensitive (pre timeskip anyway) about being treated as a child and I'd think she'd take some nicknames as people doing that to her.
Bill: The two's support chain is about Claude teasing her, her getting mad, and Claude reassuring/proving to her that he in fact relies on her more than other members of the deer because he recognizes how highly competent and skilled she is. He just likes to fuck with her.
Bill: He gets a little less teasing in the post time skip and I guess I've kinda run with that to the point where when he's alone with her he can kinda relax, drop the persona and just be.
Bill: Which is lol definitely projecting and possibly ooc!
Aldus Larian (Jess): is his funny thing definitely a complete farce tho? like seven ha the same kind of thing but hes not super serious even after the whole "my funny side is a front" thing comes down.
unless its more baout her characterization in not liking nick names just in my experience couples rarely call each other by there full first names, or first names at all
Aldus Larian (Jess): and obviously this is all just suggestion im just trying get an idea of what would be realistic for them
Bill: Ye it's not entirely a farce. The choice to not use nicknames is more on her probably not liking them tho.
Bill: Less Claude.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok thats different then
Bill: I probably need more witty Claude across the three fics but since they've kinda been romancey I haven't found opportunity?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive only read the two but i didn't get any funny dude vibes yet so ya that might be a good idea? he seemed v. serious
Bill: mm... I need a one shot where they aren't all doe ( <:pew:543202259085950996> ) eyed then.
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres no reason you cant do both at the same time though
Aldus Larian (Jess): if claude is somewhat of a jokester than id imagine it would be something she like about him to some extent?
Bill: ya. Probably not in the 'your so funny' way though, something more like... (we're getting well into headcanon territory here fyi)  she'd be put at ease by his ease and comfort being like that in the face of danger or confusion. Rather than approaching it seriously she'd admire the way he makes it looks easy. She'd also like... enjoy knowing what he's really thinking, understanding him to the point of knowing what's behind the mask?
Aldus Larian (Jess): makes sense
Aldus Larian (Jess): i meant like you can be funny with the doe eyes stuff too tho!
Bill: Yeah absolutely!
Bill: The first one was him saving her life, the second they fought, and this one they... also fight, but not avoiding the funny!
Bill: So next one they should ~~not fight~~ do something where it's less like, one on one talks and more everyday.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye!
Bill: ~~almost all of these ideas are comfort/hurt fics!~~
Bill: XD
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Claude sounds so perfect, what does Lyssi bring to the table here 🤔
Bill: Claude's the one mucking up in this one, I think.
Bill: Takes two to tango, but the idea is he gets all protective over Lysithea when all she wants is for him to let her come to him herself.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah she messed up too though. they arnt communicating
Bill: ye!
Aldus Larian (Jess): she's blocking him out in a way
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'd def read it if i knew the characters a bit but alas I barely knew ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i dont know them either
Bill: ~~Claude is me being snarky and Lysithea is me being serious and their a couple~~ #baddescriptions
Aldus Larian (Jess): but is that true to *their* character
now of course this is fanfic and ultimately its for *you* but its something to thank about
Bill: Yeah no worries, I'm not actively trying to project.
Bill: Lysithea's stubborn, headstrong, highly competent, prideful, driven. She's serious cause || she's going to die at a young age, at least before the epilogue with Claude where he lit "shows up with a cure" || and was forced to grow up too fast.

Claude's got dreams he wants to achieve and is willing to do whatever is needed for them, making him also driven. He's intelligent, thinks ahead, is curious, confident, witty, and knows how to play people. All of this is obscured by his laid back attitude that makes him seem not serious about things.
Bill: Which IMO makes them very much a power couple, both fully capable of doing anything alone but instead choosing to go into the future together.
Aldus Larian (Jess): what would the like about each other though just curious
Bill: I've been entirely spitballing so that one's harder... ~~feel like it should be easier~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): just stuff to think about
Bill: Claude (source the supports) is one of few people who gives Lysithea credit for intellect and skill without including 'for a kid' or commentary about her crests (she has two, most people have one, they make you better at magic). He actually looks at her for her accomplishments, and relies on her because of them in battles. So Lysithea going to like how he sees her beyond the surface level to start. 

Claude... while he's relying on her in skirmishes and so one, trying to figure out secrets of the church and win a war, would find a kindred spirit in the way she's fighting for peace (for her parents || since she won't outlive them ||). She's just as driven as he is, and as their goals entwine and he actually learns about her reasons || her dying young was a big secret till late game ||, he'd come to care for her?
Bill: Unless you mean like 'oh yeah it's great when he does that one thing'.
Bill: which heck I dunno I figured it'd write itself since I clearly stan 'em.
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats like big picture stuff, but it fels kind of professional relationshipy?
Bill: I... see what you mean, but I also can't imagine anything else. I just might not be able to right now... 😅
Bill: https://media.giphy.com/media/TcZ4NFtMkYQFy/giphy.gif
Bill: I might shelve this draft and use one of the ideas where I can characterize Claude better. Thank for reading. I appreciate. ☺
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/saturday-night-live-jim-carrey-parody-12mgpZe6brh2nu
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea no prob. Maybe it would help to see how other writters characterize them also?
Nokri (Marisa): do they have any connecting thread in their support convos? there's usually always something there
Bill: mutual respect.
Bill: err, particularly relying on each other as tacticians.
Bill: I dunno if other people haven't even written them yet lol
El🆓de Faun (Tom): is there the possibility of an issue that might arise where one is jealous of the other for one way or the other
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'm not saying write about that just more food for thought I guess
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I wish I knew more to help with ideas
Bill: I have half a dozen. I'm just mulling over what was said about what do they 'like' about each other.
Bill: Thank tho.
Bill: I won't even say buy a switch.
Bill: Or rather, mulling over that I can't answer that question cause it just doesn't compute with my experiences. 😅
Bill: Not that it matters, it's fluff, but.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah I mean part of the reason your probably having trouble with that at all isn't your fault, it's that (at least in my experience) fire emblem relationships are surface level
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Like Lon qu and panne was like, he's quiet and she's brash and he opens up to her
El🆓de Faun (Tom): THATS ALL FOLKS
Bill: True. Some even more so in 3H.
Bill: I'll get over it.
Bill: And write down the jealous idea, though it may be more of a competitive thing.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Even chrom and Robin was like
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I see you naked and your nice
El🆓de Faun (Tom): BOOM BABY TIME
Nokri (Marisa): "you've seen me naked, i've seen you naked, we're basically married already might as well make it official"
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Maybe you could relate Claude and Lyssi to another character from something else that they remind you off and use that for inspiration
El🆓de Faun (Tom): For thier interaction
Bill: I'm not having tooo much trouble doing the interactions tho?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh idk just coming up with ideas yo
Bill: ah, cool, tank. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: I dunno exactly how much shipping drabble I should pump out for a fire emblem ship, or if I'd want to do anything more than one shots tho.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'd probably roll for one shots for fire emblem personally
Bill: Yeah, fire emblem is weird like that cause of the infinite shipping options.
Aldus Larian (Jess): One shots are so much easier too 😭
Bill: Whatever I'm drabbling for them is contiguous though, so it's at least connected.
Aldus Larian (Jess): long fic its like "ok i have to make sure this is consistant with everything else, i have think about potential foreshadowing, the consequences of this etc.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but its still mini stories instead of one long story
Bill: Which is more fun
Aldus Larian (Jess): its not necessarily more fun for me its just easier i dont mind putting in the work for my long fic at all and i know it will be more rewarding later. I enjoy the challenge of it though
