Aldus Larian (Jess): *cries*
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yayyy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hello? Yes, id like to order one knowledge of how to draw the female form
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@351785752197201920> i need your butt drawing skills
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jess may I give some suggestions?
Aldus Larian (Jess): plz
Nokri (Marisa): if only women existed irl
Aldus Larian (Jess): right?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The thing I noticed is you have the neck up too far abs doesn't connect properly to the back of the head. The angle of the shoulders also looks a little off and could be more parallel to her hips. And third, the calf should be underneath the thigh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~I hope you don't mind me sketching over your drawing to show you what I mean~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no not at all
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA i knew something was wrong in head area and with the rotation. leggy problem due to sketch but yea u right
Aldus Larian (Jess): i cant work on it now till lunch but thanks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yw!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do you do any box sketching when you make people?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oo also the butt wouldn't be visible
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): idk if that's the right term
El氣電e Faun (Tom): The thigh and butt would be one
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea ~~im just bad~~
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Since the leg is forwards
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh right <@!351785752197201920>
Aldus Larian (Jess): i use like circles ad then boxes for the chest
El氣電e Faun (Tom): You not bad silly
Aldus Larian (Jess): circles for joints i mean
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): okie yeah
Aldus Larian (Jess): thanks for the help tho!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thought the "butt" line was supposed to be he short so it makes sence
Aldus Larian (Jess): I guess i wasnt too far off but yea that looks less awkward
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think it was mostly the neck thing
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE i work on later. i wanna work on now but i dont think my boss would be happy to see my drawing during work and esspecially not that XD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you mean you don't want to draw not safe for work art at work?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 沽
Aldus Larian (Jess): ezcuse there are no privates here
Aldus Larian (Jess): or *female presenting nipples* ~~yet~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): not that her nip would even show at that angle but
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that boy is not wearing a shirt
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and they make out
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's like, borderline
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats ok!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~sakimi would find a way to make nip show at that angle~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): fun ways to get fired
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG yea
Aldus Larian (Jess): i saw a hilarious post about stuff like that the other day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh my fun way to get fired would be to 3D print a dildo that's just out in the open for everyone to see
Aldus Larian (Jess): 沽ｭ
Aldus Larian (Jess): People liking my trash gives me life
Aldus Larian (Jess): I am feeling so valid ~~in this Chili's tonight~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Someone just DM'ed me to tell me how much they liked this trash WHAT I seriously didn't think it was that good? Like I was like "welp I have no more time to edit this here u go internet!"
Nokri (Marisa): PUBLISH BOOK
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~Is dis better~~
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yes!  I think so!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I don't wanna over criticize anything but sevens glasses prob should be more forwards
El氣電e Faun (Tom): But I think she looks great!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I'd maybe back the top of the neck up a smidge
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I was having trouble with the nose glasses forhead area
El氣電e Faun (Tom): You prob would see the lenses at all
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like as in make her neck skinnier or make her jawline come down?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Based on his head prifule
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ohhh I know what you mean. U prob right
El氣電e Faun (Tom): For her
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Not make her neck skinnier per say
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Just angle it a bit straighter
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo ok
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Like move the top of the line left a bit to show her jaw more
Aldus Larian (Jess): Gotcha
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Me to me: *Haru fangirl that would pay big money for this*
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:mood:543191222127296522>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oof big mood
