Bill: I had been thinking about parallels between Jessica Jones cast and RWBY... Had Weiss for Trisp, and Yang for Luke...
Bill: Couldn't think of anyone for Hogarth.
Bill: *But Ozpin*
Bill: > writing fic
> need a material used in bomb making
> open chrome
> start to type 'materials'
> remember every single meme about googling 'how to make a bomb' and the FBI finding you
Nokri (Marisa): Wow y’all making me want to write too
Nokri (Marisa): What series are you writing a fic for
Nokri (Marisa): O wait duh
Nokri (Marisa): You explained it <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Jess is my inspiration.
Bill: ~~our jess, not jessica jones~~
Bill: But also.
Bill: what would you write about Mawisa? Since you like canon things would you write a novelization of a story?
Nokri (Marisa): I have a few story ideas I’ve wanted to write, either as a comic or just text. <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
One in particular I really wanna do but I feel like I shouldn’t start out with such a big project
Nokri (Marisa): If interested I could try to summarize it
Bill: Oh MOOD
Bill: You can summarize if you want!
Nokri (Marisa): Oki hold on sowwy I’m about to wash Sylvia’s favorite toy and also sbbb veto results are coming out in 3 minutes (but that shouldn’t be anything big since hoh won pov)
Talk about your thing in the meantime, brainstorm <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I mean I've been writing, and I gotta get ready to go out soon.
Nokri (Marisa): Where u goin
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh ye thats big writing meme. That's how I ended up spending 2 hrs researching Korean funerals and also naming conventions
Aldus Larian (Jess): Research holes are fun
Bill: In school I was always the type to write my essay once and turn it in without proofreads.
Bill: So like, part of me is happy with three pages written just now and wants to go and post it somewhere. Of course it's also only a third of the outline I made.
Bill: The other part wants me to wait but is like "If I wait, and reread, I'll hate it and it'll never get out".
Nokri (Marisa): post progress here :3c
Bill: 😯 But should finish outline first.
Nokri (Marisa): finish yer outline :3c
Bill: Gotta go tho.
Nokri (Marisa): gone fishing
Bill: for booze. :3
Nokri (Marisa): what was that? i couldn't hear you. your autocorrect must've messed something up. lost in translation.
