Bill: Woo I’m bad digitally now!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): thats honestly not bad
El🆓de Faun (Tom): as an art preference id make the eyes less sugoi but you got the basic stuff pretty well
Bill: Eeeeeh
Bill: I have no ability to draw hair
Bill: I like clip studio with my surface pen, so at the least it’s fun to doodle on.m
Bill: So I’ll see about doing more stuff
Nokri (Marisa): you drew hair!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): yeah that hair is fine
Aldus Larian (Jess): She fight
Bill: It’s not a fight pose 😂😅
Nokri (Marisa): she play osu
Bill: It’s the one emote the girls have in three houses where they tilt to the side and put their hands up near their mouth, all cutesy awkward
Aldus Larian (Jess): Opps I sowwy I though she fight
Bill: i try more
Bill: it super flat.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> it good?
Bill: <:ishetho:573830887485997097>
Aldus Larian (Jess): For someone who is self proclaimed "bad at art" ya
Aldus Larian (Jess): Compare with yourself!
Bill: its the same 😂
Bill: i haven't improved in years
Aldus Larian (Jess): Really? Looks decent to me
Bill: always had a really flat look, cause I dunno how bodies work
Aldus Larian (Jess): Me neither fam
Bill: you've had marked improvement!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I only ever make improvements when I practice alot in a row
Aldus Larian (Jess): I've gone 1.5 weeks without drawing so I prob already lost skill whomp
Bill: Anyway, yes, did thing
Bill: I betcha
Bill: My biggest problem is thinking there's a right way to do anything drawing, cause of all the artbooks I've read
Bill: I've never like, explored, cause I was always trying to do the 'right' thing
Nokri (Marisa): it look decent!
Nokri (Marisa): just draw, and keep drawing. even if you think a picture is "done" go back and fix anything you think needs to be fixed. My senpai got really mad at me for erasing stuff outright, but my art teachers encouraged going back and reworking things.
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): ye!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i always feel like im being so generic when i reply to comments. all my replies are like:
AHHH thank you so much for your nice comment! *sobs* im really glad you are enjoying it! 

but its true
Bill: It's fine, so long as you respond lol
Bill: tangentially cause I saw Lysithea again, I *really* need to learn how to make things less flat
Bill: Answer to that might be in realistic drawing rather than anime though <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Aldus Larian (Jess): me
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol im trying to draw but all i have is the worlds shittiest eraser
Bill: *hard mode*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i miss my tablet 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Same <:rip:369476083248267274>
