Nokri (Marisa): photoshop was being slow so i opened clip studio and it crashed lol rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): Time for a restart?
Nokri (Marisa): restart on life
Nokri (Marisa): how am i supposed to make self indulgent invader zim fanart if it crashed
Nokri (Marisa): GIR is actually impossible to draw
El🆓de Faun (Tom): you mean amazing zim art that totally belongs on tumblr
Nokri (Marisa): no i'm banned from tumblr remember i'm a pedophile
El🆓de Faun (Tom): oh crap you got me there
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im not sure how i feel about this chapter, its better after i re-read it but i feel like im overthinking every little thing. Oh well, its prob ok?
Bill: You want a pre read?
Aldus Larian (Jess): if you dont mind: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zxZdP53r97_gDjTD6YARgQIzIx1JxFWa3ewwQ7-W5ak/edit?usp=sharing
Bill: what are friends for!
Aldus Larian (Jess): its kind of slow-ish? but i dont want to get rid of anything lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol i spelt chapter wrong
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): cha-Peter
Aldus Larian (Jess): My new OC Cha-Peter
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats Mi-Cha's brother
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Mi-Cha-Peter
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Bill: lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): what else are fancy laptops for
Bill: Still reading, but the first discussion between Seven and Saeran I thought Seven was coming into in serious mode, but then he starts making light of the scenario. Got a little confused about how he was responding to Saeran's wanting to talk.
Aldus Larian (Jess): with the think about MC being nice or?
Bill: While Seven gets filled in on what happened.
Aldus Larian (Jess): >“Do you ever get the feeling you are being watched?” Saeran inquires. 

“Yea. Mi-Cha likes to sneak up behind me when I'm working and watch me, she thinks I don't know but I always feel it.” Saeyoung says somewhat light-heartedly. 

“I mean being watched by someone maybe a little less nice than your wife?” Saeran says pointedly.

Saeyoung looks at him pointedly. “Everyone is less nice than my MC.” 

Saeran snorts. “Ok, true.”
Aldus Larian (Jess): this part?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i dont understand markdown ahhh~~
Bill: That's part of it. From the start of the chapter until MC comes in.
Bill: I think you need double or triple `>` to quote the rest of the message.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao i give up
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm i think hes being half serious until saeran tells him he switched
Aldus Larian (Jess): like how in his route saerans literally about to go the fuck of and vandy refers to MC as saeran's sister-in-law and sevens like "LOL NICE"
Bill: So I see what you mean by slow but not wanting to remove anything. Everything is good, it's just feels like the tone is trying to take a dip into a serious place but it doesn't get far enough, so it ends up being one extra long light hearted scene. 

Kinda like... I feel like there a pretty serious looming threat but Seven kinda laughs around Saeran's worries, then Seven freaks out over MC being missing more than Saeran being stalked instead. Does that make sense?
Bill: It's *very* Seven to be nonchalant about serious topics, it's a coping mechanism, but I feel like you've described him as putting Saeran first in things and out of respect for Saeran he'd try to crack less jokes?
Bill: I also think it might help to put a few more line breaks in.
Aldus Larian (Jess): where?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i usually only do that when a location or time skip happens
Aldus Larian (Jess): in the last chapter Seven was super serious though because Saeran wasn't right there with him, just as serious as he is when MC is missing.
Bill: Oh I kinda see how he's reacting then. He need them nearby, that makes sense.
Bill: Here seems like a good break.
Bill: i guess it was just that one.
Aldus Larian (Jess): og tru
Bill: Also I'm kinda lost on the 'high priority alert' thing. It's related to Zen?
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah its someone else. 
I know what im trying to get at but i dont know how to explain it

Its like something was mentioned in relation to the twins online but then taken down immediately? or somthing
Bill: Yeaaaaah okay. A little more talk about what's going on there might add a break to the fluffy conversations that take place around it. I got what you meant about the alerts for their names, but what was THIS alert? Throw a detail or two in there cause it sorta feels like it adds nothing to the story atm, like filler. (I'm sure it's not though)
Bill: It felt more about describing how Seven has filters for his brother and wife that are ridiculously overprotective and cute rather than the actual alert?
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): that makes sense im just not sure how to explain it cuz i dont know how that kind of thing would work i guess?
Bill: Maybe give like, one detail Seven uncovers about the alert, like the location back home they need to go to, or he gets an encrypted file he needs a more powerful computer to break.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea thats a good idea
Bill: That should help give some substance to the chapter too. Like, flirting and banter is cute and characterizing, but it doesn't actually advance the plot (unless the plot is the romance but not the case here). Having one or two thing that moves you forward in the storyline balances it out.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the alert and micha being stalked were my 2 things that were moving the plot so yea i chould prob explain better
Bill: Yeeee, Mi-cha being stalked kinda fell flat too. Like I get he was there and that's significant, but I didn't quite feel the threat yet.
Bill: (for the record, cause we know I have a track record of sounding mean, I love me flirting and banter in stories and I read many fics entirely for that, I just think it's the source of the pacing being slow here, it's not bad in anyway)
Aldus Larian (Jess): No your're right
Aldus Larian (Jess): I knew the threaten didnt feel as serious as it should I just... dont know how to up it i guess
Bill: stalking guy?
Aldus Larian (Jess): and the alert
Aldus Larian (Jess): ill work on it some more. maybe i should split it into 2 chapters?
Bill: Having them figure somethin out should help with the alert. You could additionally give some content as to what the alert was, like `"Hmm... the file keeps moving from server to server, but it has the words prime minster in it from my text scans, in addition to our name... And you know that can't be good."`.
Bill: You could split it on the night and the morning.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats what im thinking
Bill: As for the guy, what if Mi-cha bumps into him? Or like he gets the elevator for her cause her hands are full? It brings him within her space and that's like a 'doki' moment.
Aldus Larian (Jess): about the day night split
Bill: Especially if Seven overhears the guys voice on the phone.
Bill: ~~or if Unknown is like 'DUDE THAT'S THE GUY' in Saeran's head~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): but saerans not there at that point
Bill: Oh true.
Aldus Larian (Jess): he's too busy cloud watching
Aldus Larian (Jess): I also has this idea of unkown being the one that wakes up instead of saeran but i wasnt sure
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~rip seven~~
Bill: Unknown: *chokes Seven*
Mi-cha: *gets out popcorn*
Seven: "uh, babe"
Mi-cha: "We do your crossplay kink all the time, it's my turn"
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:rise:582318089228648456>
Aldus Larian (Jess): is them all sleeping in the same bed too weird?
Aldus Larian (Jess): *throws out entire chapter*
Bill: DoNt Do ThAt
Bill: I didn't think it was weird at all.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok yea
Aldus Larian (Jess): theyre not like cuddling or anything they just tired
Bill: You saying Seven *wouldn't* try and cuddle with Saeran?
Aldus Larian (Jess): he did!
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: It's very Seven to not give a shit about that, and Mi-cha seems to love Saeran like a blood brother at this point. Saeran might be weirded out by it, but he seemed like he didn't have the energy to complain and he'd secretly like it anyway, the tsundere.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye sevens the one in the middle anyway
Aldus Larian (Jess): was the rest of it ok?
Bill: Oh yeah.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: M O O D
Bill: Oh, not a critque, but also suprised as a reader to see the vacation setting end. I kinda thought that was part of the story.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i feel like running everything from a hotel room would get stale but idk
Aldus Larian (Jess): i guess it could have been ~~its not to late for me to change it fuck~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean it *will* end but i suppose it doesnt have to end now...
Bill: Like I said, it's *not* a critque. Relax. Characters are going where they need to to tell the story.
Aldus Larian (Jess): MC sunbathing and siping a coktail while the twins fight for their lives lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah but now im kinda playing with it cuz it might actually work better for what i have planned? maybe not tho i might consider it tho
Bill: Whatever feel right to you!
Bill: I just wanted to be clear that wasn't me making suggestions, simply an impression as a reader of the fic.
Bill: ~~You know, like a non assertive person~~
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'm on page 6 and this is all good stuff so far 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): i had another little banter in my head for when MC gets back from the coffee place that goes like this :
Saeyoung: "were you followed?"
MC: "No I -"
Saeran: "She won't know if was. Trust me." 

but i decided they picked on each other enough for one chapter
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's great
Bill: no I love that put it in.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Where he says "of being who *they* are"
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Whos they?
Aldus Larian (Jess): him and saeran
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao ok maybe i put in
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I like how cute and real you make your writing and how you add details others wouldn't think of
Aldus Larian (Jess): like how people gotta pee in the morning
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I was ready for her to take his glasses off and go make some coffee for--- OMG THATS ECACTLY WHAT YOU WROTE
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA THEY NEED THE CAFFEINE
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEA
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 8 SUGAR
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456>
Aldus Larian (Jess): someone stop him
El🆓de Faun (Tom): If Marisa had coffee that's what I said uld expect
Nokri (Marisa): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Bill: Listen to Tom ye!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I loved that chapter I wouldnt change anything, other than with the pacing I expected some sort of cliff hanger at the end to introduces a problemor adds to the current. As it stands they are efficiently solving the problem, which is great! But it'll hurt the longevity of your story and make it harder to tell in the long run. You don't need to erase anything but I would maybe add something at the end?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *"lulled by the rhythmic staccato of typing"* is such a good line
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oo yeah I agree
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea cliffy boi prob good
Aldus Larian (Jess): THANK
Bill: Ye! 

*Sorry I only talked about 'negatives', I enjoyed too*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i will takes the imputs and reconsider something, maybe split chapter in half and add some
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that was such a good chapter!
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭  thank
Aldus Larian (Jess): for ref i have them vacationing here, and i figure they live in Seoul or at least near it because i figure that Jumin prob lives in Gangham?
Aldus Larian (Jess): wait maybe that wasn't where it was, well is somewhere on that coast cuz otherwise saeran couldnt have been watching the sunset in chapter 2 lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA its a bit lower then that but i did try to roughly base where they are at on  real location
Aldus Larian (Jess): now to wait for those contextual advertisements for vacationing korea
Bill: Who actually has access to a 3d printer?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Hunter
Bill: Oooh, but Hunter's not terribly reliable.
Bill: I just found out that Heroforge (a website that let you build custom D&D minis that would be 3d printed and sent to you (saw the original kickstarter)) now sells you the model file for... 8 bucks.
Bill: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I looked into those. Filament 3D printers probably wouldn't be able to print it terribly well with all the fine details
Bill: what now?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.heroforge.com/DigitalDownload/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): look at the different examples
Bill: ooooh, so they use a different kind than filament.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah with a typical 3D printer, it goes layer by layer and you get that uneven textured look
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is why everyone complains about sanding their 3D printed props
Bill: Well, rip.
Bill: One of the players in Dad's group has made two ~~he died in the second session~~, and I think he didn't get them ordered from heroforge.
Bill: Maybe it's the local miniatures place that has a printer.
Bill: That or he does.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): meaning he has two custom minis?
Bill: Ya.
Bill: Which he got in like, a week.
Bill: So I'm thinking he has access to a printer.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you should ask him
Bill: Ye next week.
Bill: Not going to buy the model yet then though.
Bill: I haven't played in a game that made me really motivated to print a character before so I never printed one, and I dunno if this game is it but a drow wearing sunglasses is just fun to use.
Bill: wow my account has two of the characters from when I played with minmaxers in college.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok ok. how about I have seven run some type of search program overnight to find where the source ™ is coming from, that pings in the morning with a result as the cliff hanger?
Bill: 👍
Aldus Larian (Jess): ill try beef up the explanations a little bit for the other stuff aswell
Aldus Larian (Jess): and add more saeran being a savage to mc
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no i ended up with more fluff
Pawlitics: “Whoops!” Trips and explodes into a pile of fluff
Bill: Oh good, pages autocorrects Riegan now.
Bill: I rewatched the Lysithea Claude supports, and I actually really had something with Claude worrying over her. The basis for him respecting her coming up is she doesn't think he does when he tells her to get sleep and stuff.

Claude comes off all lighthearted and stuff, but he's actually really observant of his people. ☺
