Bill: First.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Kk
Bill: Since half the server is getting into art, think we can finally fill a channel on the topic.
Bill: I wonder if paint tool SAI has a mac version.
Bill: I always preferred sai to illustrator.
Bill: Not that I gave illustrator too much of a chance, but it's got SOOOO many features I get lost easily.
N🆗ri (Marisa): do we wanna use a 30 day drawing challenge prompt
Bill: oof.
N🆗ri (Marisa): that sounds like a yes
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Can try it at least
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I need to practice shadows, proportions, lighting, camera angels and muscles. Oh and facial features placement
Bill: Lol I need to practice half of those for photography.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm actually okay at hands oddly enough
Aldus Larian (Jess): if we could just do like a "work on art everyday" pack id be up for it but i dont want to do a new piece erryday
Bill: *pact?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea srry
Bill: nbd I understand chu.
Aldus Larian (Jess): trying to type fast cuz coworker
Bill: Is it a blood pact.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah same
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's what I've been trying to do at least
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Something every day
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But man my mind is melting
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont always feel inspired by prompts either so
Bill: oh mood.
Aldus Larian (Jess): that cuz u gotta not do it for 6 hours
Aldus Larian (Jess): 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): you're burning out
Bill: You know what he'll never burn out on though.
Bill: Tekken.
Aldus Larian (Jess): it would beet to be able to to share WIPs though. ~~even though im extremely bad at sharing my art cuz of shame ™
N🆗ri (Marisa): SHARE SHARE SHARE
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean cant rn they are at home
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YE, SO WE CAN PRAISE YOU
Bill: SHARE
Bill: ~~Tom can only praise you on chat~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): OO OO I LIKE THIS ONE GUIS
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): then perish
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'll take this on a shirt
Elfriede Faun (Tom): To to print my own shirts
Elfriede Faun (Tom): This would prob look dope with any character tbh
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Just slap sevens glasses on there and make the hair pointy and boom
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Dope shirt
Aldus Larian (Jess): is it any character in partivular?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nope
Aldus Larian (Jess): neat
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Totally Linda looks like this one dudes character that I follow
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean it could be any number of characters really
Bill: 
Bill: Persona has those for special attack cut ins.]
Bill: 
N🆗ri (Marisa): there is a shirt in existence with that design but i can't remember what character it has 🤔
Bill: could do a custom Tshirt print somewhere.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: *hot*
N🆗ri (Marisa): turn on the fan
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wait can I post MM Fanart here or does it have to go in the designated trash bin?
Bill: All fan art except Aurii can go here.
Bill: Keep Aurii to the Aurii channel for easy of access.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You guys have technically already seen it cuz it was part of my inktober stuff but i think it looks better now
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im still working on it maybe inbanother 6 months itll be done
Bill: Oh that good.
Glonk: Nice!
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Nice work Jess! 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): Thanks guis 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I didn't realize my sketch lines were still up opps
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Wooo nice
Aldus Larian (Jess): You've already seen it <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): STILL
Nokri (Marisa): ITS AMAZING I DONT REMEMBER THAT FROM INKTOBER
When you gonna sell prints of it
Aldus Larian (Jess): I give you print for fee
Nokri (Marisa): Ok I will find free to give u
