Aldus Larian (Jess): *browsing fanfic*
"this one sounds good"
*half a second later*
"Oh wait I wrote this" 
"fuck"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): pfffft
Bill: Clip studio paint is 50 off.
Bill: Not sure what it is (other than drawing software) but everyone’s talking about it.
Nokri (Marisa): I think most people here have it already?
Bill: No idea.
Nokri (Marisa): Jess and Tom and I do, is good program
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm assuming y'all just have the pro version?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have whatever same with my wacom tablet for free lol
Nokri (Marisa): I have the cheaper version, the more expensive one is best for serial comic artists and people who do intense backgrounds and scenes
Nokri (Marisa): Or animators
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): okie
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): was wondering if the EX version would be worth it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but $25 for Pro definitely is
Nokri (Marisa): They often have really good Black Friday sales too, I think it was cheaper last year on Black Friday. But it’s definitely worth it and it’s great that you don’t need a subscription
Bill: See, not *everyone* has it. :3
Bill: I kinda want it, but I have to be realistic and know I'm not going to use it, cause I've never been able to pick up drawing.
Bill: o, but vectoring tools.
Bill: Got it, what the heckie.
Bill: mostly because this feature sounds really helpful.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo i didnt know about that
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless thats the more expensive one
Bill: Other features had labels for pro/ex, so I think this is in all of the versions?
Aldus Larian (Jess): you got the more expensive one?
Bill: No, pro.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oooo ok
Bill: I barely have any reason to have bought it at all, I certainly don't need advanced comic features 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk man u tend to go all out on stuff
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo ye I love the 3D models, you can download more too. They’re free and fully posable. Super helpful, jess you should have that feature!! Unless it’s pc only
Bill: I have rent to pay now...
Nokri (Marisa): You can also download brushes and stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh ye ai only have the pc version i dont think there is app version
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have medibang paint for my tablet
Bill: I wish I could drawwwwww I wanna make fire emblem memeeeeesssssss
Bill: Maybe I'll bust out all those artbooks.
Bill: I've bought enough of them.
Nokri (Marisa): Draw! Draw!
Bill: I think I'm going to ether play more or finish the fic I have mostly done when I'm done working.
Bill: How long can I manage to avoid using a pronoun to describe Byleth without it sounding weird?
Bill: Who knows!
Bill: (I wanna keep it open ended as long as possible in my one shot canon land)
Nokri (Marisa): You can just use they though?
Nokri (Marisa): Plot twist: byleth is a homothallic alien that exists outside of the known human gender spectrum
Bill: Huh. There's no point to this fic like, what so ever.
Bill: What if I stop posting to FF cause meeeeeh
