Nokri (Marisa): talking with people who have different worldviews can be so tough
when they're like "and then this guy i know, he's gay so you know how that is, he owns a cool car"
???? no i don't and when i ask for an explanation they just say a ton of stereotypes and give up
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao WHAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): Don't you know? When you come out as gay they give you a cool car
Nokri (Marisa): and people who relate everything to religion. it's fine to do that if they believe in it but i can only smile and nod awkwardly when they say things like "oh the food came out delicious because it was god's desire, you must've prayed a lot"
Nokri (Marisa): the people i work with say stuff like that for EVERYTHING. "oh she's black, so you know what that's like." ????????????????
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn I never even thought to pray over my food
Nokri (Marisa): omg i went over someone's house once and it was incredibly awkward because i didn't know about saying grace before a meal
Aldus Larian (Jess): "god pwease let those quiche come out well"
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oof. I hate that
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Having faith is fine and good but once they start discrediting your hard work by saying " oh God did this for you"
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh my family never did that unless we were r my grandma's for a holiday so it was always like "oh should I wait or not?"
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH!!!! my therapist relates a lot of stuff to god and i try to be patient with her but the bible quotes she prints out and laminates for me aren't quite my cup of tea

my doctor is like that, i think i've mentioned it before but before going to japan the first time he told me "you're going to japan? be careful, all the women there have to bow to men in the street and do everything they say."
Nokri (Marisa): [tries to follow along with a grace i don't know how to say while hiding the meatball in my mouth]
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sometimes my family makes me say grace and I stumble through it like a mess
Nokri (Marisa): is it long? can you make it really complex
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no I'm just like "thanks God you a real bro"
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~not really but it's not much longer than that~~
Kaio Vermino (Lee): LOL
Nokri (Marisa): some of my older traditional/conservative relatives do it on thanksgiving and christmas but that's real short, like a sentence or two
i remember in jewish camp though omg
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA that's what we do lol
Nokri (Marisa): HAMOZI LECHEM MIN HAARETZ
WE GIVE THANKS TO GOD FOR BREAD
OUR VOICES RISE IN SONG TOGETHER
AS OUR DAILY PRAYER IS SAID

[rapid hebrew chanting mixed with a solid minute of complex middle school hand clapping and table smacking]

amen
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): i wish i could find the video it was freaky to do
Nokri (Marisa): i think religious camps are weird no matter what religion you belong to
Nokri (Marisa): they've all got that cult feel
Aldus Larian (Jess): I only did like VBS
Aldus Larian (Jess): I went with Tim to a couple CCD meeting and felt v. Out of place thou
Nokri (Marisa): what's vbs? :0
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh. Vacation Bible School
Nokri (Marisa): oooOOOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's like day camp but at church
Aldus Larian (Jess): It was mostly crafts and stuff tbh I helped my grandma teach it a couple years actually
Aldus Larian (Jess): Which was weird cuz like I'd help her but then after class if clean up the room while listening to metal on my iPod
Nokri (Marisa): i only went to jewish camp for like a week but i know i got sick of walking a mile in the pouring rain at 2am so i jokingly hitchhiked and actually managed to stop a car and i thought i was gonna die but it was uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i forget the word.
basically someone who's like, a teacher's aid/senpai/older sister/camp counselor rolled into one? they have the same authority as teachers but they're cooler and relate more to the kids and spend more time with them
Nokri (Marisa): CHRISTIAN ROCK WOO
Nokri (Marisa): christian heavy metal
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ah yes.
Nokri (Marisa): Why discord no load good
Help
Bill: It’s crap for me too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I used to help out with VBS too. I was usually paired with the seminarian that was staying at our parish that summer. They were usually pretty cool dudes. The one was a big Harry Potter fan
Aldus Larian (Jess): My face was perfect last week not a pimple insight. This week it's a mess 😭
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What a shitastic way to start my day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So Thursday I had some interns over and we hung out by the pool
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Some old guy came around and was like “you can’t play music” and we were like “oh sorry there’s no rule against it so we didn’t know” and turned it off
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And then apparently the Monday before, there were four people that broke into the pool area to set up a party and were doing really shitty things
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So the homeowners association emailed everyone in the community saying that the pool area is being overrun by young people doing inappropriate things
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And it makes me so mad because my group is getting lumped in with people doing crappy stuff like ruining the floor and drinking out of decorative vases and shit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): AND my grandma saw the email and now assumes that both groups were me
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WAT
El🆓de Faun (Tom): No grandma
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It was actually just you, by yourself
El🆓de Faun (Tom): You did everything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yup I was the 4 people
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH NO! 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Gramma nooooo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like ok the group of 9 people with the music, totally me, but in my defense there was no posted rule against music
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But the four people abuse pool furniture was definitely no NASA intern
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea and you didn't hurt anything or anyone
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ya and we turned it off when asked
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And they referred to it as a party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like no man it wasn’t a party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _ill show you a party bucko_
Aldus Larian (Jess): If it was a bunch of old people they wouldn't bhave called it a party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Literally we were teaching two interns to swim cause they’re from landlocked states
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YEA
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think there was some ageism here
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea for sure
Aldus Larian (Jess): Is it 55+ community?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The email also indicated who reported it so _hmmmmm_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): No it’s an RV resort community so by the nature of it, mostly old people
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But definitely not explicitly 55+
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea and it's in Florida so
Aldus Larian (Jess): Florida has lots of retired people
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeee
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s some bull right there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): We’re freakin NASA interns not drug addicts
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well you didn't do anything wrong! I just wish your grandma would believe you that's hard to have family cause you of stuff
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah 😞
Aldus Larian (Jess): Even if you accidentally broke something you'd be honest about it 😭
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah!!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also the email confirms the person who reported us was who I thought it was
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The woman who lives next door that was creepily staring at us out the window
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like bruh the noise wasn’t loud enough for a noise complaint, and it was 4 pm on a Thursday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Quiet hours aren’t til 11 my guy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _i checked the rules_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Damn salty old people
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ugh 🙄  talk about some judgey ass old people
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I wish the woman had come talk to us herself
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think she lives alone
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Maybe her husband passed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I wanna be understanding and yet...
Aldus Larian (Jess): This is he next door neighbor, does you Gramma know her?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nah she’s next door to the pool
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Probably 9 houses down from me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My grandma doesn’t know her
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh ok gotcha
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But she reported the interns and whoever the 4 actual rule breakers were so it’s like damn woman chill
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well I'm sorry that happened 😔 just keep being the honest person you are and prove her wrong 🙏
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Thank!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah that's bull
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 4pm on a Thursday? That's way past the old peoples' bed time. No wonder they complained
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats like, after dinner
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Old people don't actually sleep
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Fact
El🆓de Faun (Tom): They nap
Aldus Larian (Jess): no the "rest their eyes"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): real talk, when I was younger I used to hate naps and if I stayed over at my grandparents for the day, we'd always have to take a nap after lunch and I hated it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao yea
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OOF
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I still hate naps
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): now I'm like, *plz let me nap after lunch*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i tried to nap yesterday but my body was like LOL NOPE
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Also I was noisy
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~maybe a lil~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I need today to be over
Bill: Yup
Aldus Larian (Jess): i need today and half of tomorrow to be over
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I keep trying to make a dent in any of the work I *NEED* to get done today and I keep getting people coming in to ask me questions about shit and other requests
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have dont almost no wrok all week D:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I probably shouldn't have taken tomorrow off, but oh well
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'll just enjoy my weekend and come back on Monday to double the amount of work I have when I left
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): once I move I'm looking for a new job. I gotta get the fuck out of here
Bill: Curious, would you stay if you were being paid fairly for the amount your doing?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): LMAO god no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): a raise isn't enough incentive to make me stay
Bill: 👍
Bill: I didn't mean raise level of increase. I'm saying you get a significant increase in pay. Like, lets say 10-20% percent or something.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's about what I'm looking for in a new job anyway. but not enough to make me want to stay here
Nokri (Marisa): ~~sign me up for an extra $2 an hour~~
but Erik is in a bad workplace
Bill: Just checking, cause if you thought you'd be willing to stay you could, *especially* after you have an offer elsewhere, go to your boss and say "I want X to stay".
Bill: However if you don't want to stay at all, that's a moot point
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I don't want to stay
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd take a pay cut if it meant a better workplace environment
Bill: I hear you... I said it's a moot point, and why I asked at all...
Nokri (Marisa): Bosses probably wouldn’t offer a pay raise at all, labor is cheap
Bill: wrong.
Bill: I know for a fact, if you have time and experience with a company, you have value beyond a random new hire. Training time is a detriment.
Nokri (Marisa): Wrong
Nokri (Marisa): 99% of companies don’t care, they can hire new people
Nokri (Marisa): Training is learning on the job after a day of explanation
Aldus Larian (Jess): it all depends on the employer and the job
Bill: ^ Jess is correct.
Bill: Mcdonalds can train someone new in a day. My job would take over a month of non billable employee hours.
Nokri (Marisa): I think Biru is in a very peculiar position. Most jobs don’t work like that
Bill: Not as peculiar as you think.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I know my boss would probably try to offer me more money to get me to stay
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it really depends on the job
Bill: ^
Nokri (Marisa): i was the best employee at my GABA office with the best ratings and booking rate and they literally sent me to another office because they were overstaffed <:woah:543194447345876998>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I got a 2 dollar raise a few years ago becuase someone told my boss that if they didnt pay me more i was going to quit
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't mean to detract from talking about erik's job sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was offered a raise at subway to stay also
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think its really situational.
Bill: You've had different experiences Marisa, which are also valid but don't make other people's wrong. Try and understand other people's experiences as well. 🙂
Nokri (Marisa): wow i'm totally replaceable in all of my jobs 😭
Nokri (Marisa): i understand them, i just didn't think they were so common
Bill: Are you sure they didn't send you to that office because they were confident in your ability to help that office grow in the way you did the first office?
Nokri (Marisa): i've gotten the most work in most of the jobs i've had and they still didn't mind letting me go at all
yeah we were all independent contractors I didn't help anyone but myself
Nokri (Marisa): and my boss probably for raising the reviews
Bill: Were the reviews location based?
Nokri (Marisa): and like, if there's no work to be done they hand you a broom or a vacuum and say get cleaning. the dance studio, the clothes company, the school, they all have you do physical labor if you don't have other tasks to get done. even if the floor is clean
Nokri (Marisa): ya
Bill: So putting someone who has a great track record in a new location would increase the reviews of that location. It's entirely possible that they moved you because they thought you could improve business in that area <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): switching me to another location would have hurt the office because my students would no longer have their regular instructor and they'd have to find another teacher, which messes with their learning schedule because they have to get used to a new instructor
Nokri (Marisa): no they were just overstaffed and the other place was understaffed
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats japan though right?
Nokri (Marisa): the other office was 2 hours away while i specifically chose a place 10 minutes away to work at
Nokri (Marisa): there were also like 20 offices within 30 minutes of my house. if they wanted me to improve another location they could've sent me to any of those
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Japan work culture is a bit different than ours I know at least, not insanely different but
Bill: it's very different afaik
Nokri (Marisa): my jobs in the US don't care about me either and can replace me at any time
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~also, stating "wrong" isn't exactly the best way to make people see different sides of things~~
Nokri (Marisa): biru, try and understand other people's experiences as well <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: *I am, I'm only spitballing potential ways you might have misinterpreted the japanese company's actions due to your low self-esteem, because everything you've said about your work there shows you are valuable to them*
Nokri (Marisa): i was valuable but expendable/replaceable <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: `JLPT N2 average pass rate: ~40%` https://jlptsensei.com/jlpt-info/jlpt-pass-rate-statistics/
Nokri (Marisa): most of my coworkers didn't speak japanese, we were highly discouraged from using it during lessons
Bill: The level of knowledge you have of english and japanese is a minority.
Nokri (Marisa): i only used ita small handful of times
oh, there's a ton of people who speak japanese and english better than i do
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe the fact that they knew you'd be leaving a the end of they year played a part as well?
Bill: ^ good point ya
Nokri (Marisa): nah they didn't know that at the time
Aldus Larian (Jess): the only times ive been given money to stay was when id worked somewhere more than 3 yrs also
Nokri (Marisa): ooo i've only had a few jobs over 3 years
Nokri (Marisa): sorry again erik i feel bad for changing the topic
Nokri (Marisa): i think i used french more than japanese in lessons now that i think about it. people love french
Bill: Anyway. I'm not saying I'm right by any means, but I wanted to explore other scenarios, because you have a bias towards things involving yourself that I/we don't, and can see you as valuable as you are.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): nah we've moved past my initial topic. no worries
Nokri (Marisa): nah i'm trash
Aldus Larian (Jess): we *all* have biases towards things involving ourselves
Bill: yup!
Bill: Which is why you should talk to people who understand you and let their opinions help you adjust!
Aldus Larian (Jess): it just so happens that Bill and Marisa are on the two polarizing ends of financially stability and"comfort"and therefore have very different views and experiences
Bill: ~~using exclaimation points feels like yelling not excitement to me I'm not yelling~~
Nokri (Marisa): naw that's excitement!
Aldus Larian (Jess): just remember to take your own advise there, you often don't understand things because of the opposite reasons as Marisa.
Nokri (Marisa): maybe i need a better resume
Aldus Larian (Jess): you need a car huh
Bill: I'll help you with that! The resume, I wish I could help with the car but
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i have a car lol~~
Nokri (Marisa): technicalities eyyyyy
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean a car that you have sole access too and that runs reliably
Bill: I've helped like half a dozen people, and every person whose ever reviewed my resume was like 'wow this is great, no complaints' (I know it's weird thing, but if it'll help you get a better job worth awkward brag)
Bill: (awkward brag cause it's like... I need to explain why I in particular can help with resumes, it's a kinda weird thing to say 'I'm good at this')
Aldus Larian (Jess): I hope someday Marisa, you can find an employer who values you enough to be willing to pay you enough for your expertise. It's extreme frustrating not the be recognized or valued for all the hard work you've put in.
Nokri (Marisa): naw ya i've seen you do resume stuff before
i don't really know what to include so i'm going to combine my old resume with my current one
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~goes to the bathroom before getting to work on stuff I actually need to get done~*
*~comes back to a cart filled with cables that someone assumes I'm going to inspect~*
HAHAHAHA I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THAT
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 🙃
Bill: *He says, launching the cart down the hallway at top speed, down a set of stairs, into his boss*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): except there are no stairs and my boss isn't here... again
Nokri (Marisa): ghost boss
Bill: ruined
Bill: build stairs so you can launch carts down them in frustration
Nokri (Marisa): i tailor my resume to each job i apply to, so i remove things based on what i'm applying for, but here's a combined version which is why it spills onto the next page <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: 
Bill: That's Erik, not. At you
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): that was the best/ worst timing ever
Nokri (Marisa): crumples on the floor sobbing
Bill: *It is I hate it*
Nokri (Marisa): i'm gonna go take my medicine and ponder why i'm a failure and maybe cry a little brb
Aldus Larian (Jess): you are not a failure!
Bill: Girl you are so freaking accomplished.
Bill: My GPA was shit compared to yours.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~you're a victim of capitalism~~
Nokri (Marisa): am loser <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> my gpa could’ve been better if I actually did homework and whatnot
Aldus Larian (Jess): NOOOOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): SO SMART
SO TALENTED
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://tenor.com/view/lady-gaga-gif-5910765
Nokri (Marisa): THAT’S YOU!! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ITS YOU!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): AND JESS!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): BOTH!
Bill: DONKEY
Nokri (Marisa): No u
My majors were basically jokes people say they’re worthless eyyy
Aldus Larian (Jess): me too
Aldus Larian (Jess): But its not
Nokri (Marisa): WAIT FOR THE MAJOR THING IH NO
Nokri (Marisa): Art and graphic design is so useful
Aldus Larian (Jess): not at an associates level <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): everyone wants a bachelors
Bill: ~~And if you have a bachelors they'll want a master's because Degree requirements are bullshit~~
Nokri (Marisa): Is a degree though!!!
And it makes gems like this so much more valuable
Bill: 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn i should go be a mover
Aldus Larian (Jess): "pre mover"
Nokri (Marisa): They move the boxes before you even pack them
Aldus Larian (Jess): NICE i can do that
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~how is a masters in education useless to anyone wtf~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~who do i need to fight~~
Nokri (Marisa): ~~Uncle Sam~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Square up old man
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): my resume is missing musical instruments, cooking recipes, and high school extracurricular where can I put those
Bill: There are definitely adjustments I'd make to your resume, but I actually do need to get some work done rn 😭
Nokri (Marisa): sorry!!! Do work!!!!!
Bill: I sorry I can't help right now 😭
Nokri (Marisa): No me I’m sorry
Bill: ***DONKEY***
Bill: ~~everytime someone starts a no u, no u chain I'm interrupting with Donkey~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): y tho
Nokri (Marisa): so rAnDom xD
Nokri (Marisa): I know my work history is all over the place and that’s bad. That’s why they wouldn’t let me take German in high school, but I couldn’t help it due to switching countries the last 3 years
Bill: Yup, so you just have to present it differently. My first thought is don't list everything, only list the longer and key things and state the reason you left the job is due to moving out of country.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah I take a lot of stuff out depending on what I’m applying to, like too fast and the internship
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Group lead: "Hey were you going to be able to do the inspections on these cables"
Me: "Nope!" 🙃 
Group lead: "Well, did you let Sergio know about that?"
Me: "Nope!" 🙃
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *No one tells me anything*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *I don't know what goes on on the floor*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): AND PEOPLE NEED TO LOOK AT THE GODDAMN DRAWINGS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I try to make the assembly procedures as simple as possible but these people are goddamn idiots so I need to make things *explicitly clear* apparently and then when I do that it gets too confusing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and then they're even more confused
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can't win
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I hate this
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And I've had three people come in to ask me the same question about something I put on the AP
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ASK THE PEOPLE YOU WORK WITH
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Stop coming to me 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm ready to just walk out
Bill: You're just so pretty they wanna talk to you <:pew:543202259085950996> 

But it's only... like 6 hours till con. Then there is no more work. Only booze.
Bill: and hot tubs.
Nokri (Marisa): Fake a major illness that will result in death to get them to stop bothering you
I told a classmate to do that when he couldn’t end an affair with his boss and he actually went through with it
Nokri (Marisa): Fun to think how only a year ago he was telling his married boss that he was going to die to get out of an unhealthy and illicit relationship, and now he’s married to the woman he was cheating on. Life is fascinating.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm in our conference room because I have to host a meeting with some people and I fucking hate this keyboard and mouse my boss got
Aldus Larian (Jess): WTF IS THAAAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): im keeping my hair up today hoping that having my hair off my face with prevent any more breakouts from happening
Nokri (Marisa): sick keyboard 
is it ok
it is so I’ll
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I finished the things I actually needed to get done today
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm exhausted
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've had people come to my office for things at least 20 times today
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My brain is scattered, my desk is a mess
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm ready for CCE
Aldus Larian (Jess): im feeling like today is the calm before the storm. i never get away without them having me do stuff last minute so i wont be surprised if they ask me to do an ass load of stuff in the 4 hours I'm here tomorrow
Bill: That's why I took all of tomorrow out, I was terrified they'd have some big issue they want me to fix at 9am and I wouldn't be able to leave
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Please don't destroy my car...
Nokri (Marisa): That killed an army many years ago
Nokri (Marisa): Several armies according to google
