Afina Tyndall (Georgia): chocowaffo posted on insta and i got irritated all over again lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oh, you mean Nora?
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Next time Jess pays a Nora pic, someone should be like OMG YOU'RE LIKE IRL NORA!
Bill: Let’s not before choco tries to murder Jess.
Bill: Also unfollow her.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > Walks into work
> Co-worker immediately comes up to me "Hey buddy, I need you to do a bunch of shit for me today" (verbatim)
> "Ok, *let me get settle first*"
> Congrats buddy. You made my shit list for today
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mood
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Office mate hasn't achieved the level of "don't give a fuck" that I have he's all stressed out cuz my boss isn't here and he has questions and it's stressin me out cuz he's all huffy and frustrated
Bill: He young?
Aldus Larian (Jess): 23
Aldus Larian (Jess): he just hasnt been here long enough
Bill: first job stress maybe?
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah hed had another office sales job
Bill: like, non retail job?
Bill: ooooh.
N🆗ri (Marisa): 23 is a bit late for a first job
o ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): everything here is simultaneously really important and not a priority and its hard to get used to
Aldus Larian (Jess): My boss is MIA 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): His wife doesn't even know where he is
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): But the garage door was open when she left and his trunk was open so that's concerning (?)
Aldus Larian (Jess): Maybe he died
Bill: ~~maybe he's dead~~
Bill: Oh okay I'm not the only one who thought that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): hes fallen/passed out before
Aldus Larian (Jess): there havin a hush hush family talk in the kitchen rn
Bill: 👀
N🆗ri (Marisa): 👀
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh boiii
Aldus Larian (Jess): it says something about their marriage that she saw the open door and trunk and just thought "oh well"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LOL
Aldus Larian (Jess): she said "maybe he got kidnapped"
Aldus Larian (Jess): like holy shit XD
N🆗ri (Marisa): Highly desirable bossman
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn hes here
Bill: damn.
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe i earn brownie point for asking where he was and causing his family to panic
Bill: "none of your damn business, damn nosy women constantly having to gossip and chitter chatter back in my day they stayed in the kitchen"
Bill: https://sdl-stickershop.line.naver.jp/stickershop/v1/sticker/13010904/android/sticker.png;compress=true
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah he said thanks for worrying actually
Bill: oh wow.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Speaking of Anna and Pasquale I feel so bad thinkin bout how she was like “yeah he’s not forever boi”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cause he dealt with a lot of craziness at Katsu
Bill: She said that?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah when he left the room
Bill: Like, legitimately or like “haha cause me and Mag gay”.
Bill: Cause I had a lot of respect for him, he’s a good guy.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Legitiy
Bill: Highlight that comes to mind is dancing with her even when he clearly wasn’t into it. He took interest cause it made her happy.
Bill: Wow.
Bill: I’m no longer worried about Anna for Katsu.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean it wasn’t in a jerky way
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They had very different future goals
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She’s willing to go anywhere for work and he won’t leave Long Island at any cost
Bill: Ah. That’s a bit better.
Bill: He’s a good guy. I don’t know the depths of the relationship so I can’t say it actually should be long term, but at the least I know he’s a good man.
Bill: And I’d hope Anna sees that.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "he's not forever boi" as in she knows they're not gonna be together forever?
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😦
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah I mean I think they’re just havin fun and enjoying each other’s company
Aldus Larian (Jess): shes made a few offhand comments about him in that same fashion
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I get it, I wouldn’t sacrifice nasa for Noah
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i mean, tbh im on the same page with anna though. it's good to know where youre at, and she expressed similar feelings at ice skating when pas was there
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i think they are on the same page
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd still feel shitty if I knew my girlfriend was saying things like that.... but that's just me
Aldus Larian (Jess): as long as they are on the same page i guess its ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): but if he doesnt know then id feel bad
Bill: =/
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im jaded, ya'll probably have the correct feelings on the matter
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Same sentiment
Bill: If he doesn’t know I’m not happy about it, if he does I don’t understand it.
Bill: Well. I guess. Suppose it’s better than them being alone.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): sometimes you just wanna enjoy someone else even if you both know youre not suited to be together the rest of your lives
Bill: But they also are committing to something they both assume is doomed to fail so that’s... wasted time?
Aldus Larian (Jess): people date casually it perfectly fine just as long as they both know the deal ™
Bill: Haha yes. Enjoying someone else who cares about you is something alright.
Bill: God feelings/love is bullshit. People do stupid things all the time. Hopefully just more stupid good than stupid bad.
Aldus Larian (Jess): just cause people dont stay together doesnt mean its "wasted time" or a "failure"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^
Aldus Larian (Jess): especially if both people are agreed on the "not forever" thing  i think
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i mean..... tbh.. just because of being jaded from life. I tend to look at all relationships as  "not forever" until its discussed that its serious
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but i, personally, am upfront about it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i cant speak for anna
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): hot take: enjoying spending time with a person doesn't necessarily mean you have to be dating 🤷
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea ^
Aldus Larian (Jess): def not
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless im dating all of you. shit.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and if it's just that plus maybe to occasional sexy time, isn't that just FWB?
Bill: no we're married.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i guess? i mean obviously there's feelings involved for them which is why im guessing they are exclusive
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~except with Mag~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Id prob have a different view if i was still dating. its hard for me to imagine my perspective on starting new relationships.
Bill: I just... fall too hard for what they're doing I guess.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm sure if I were in their situation it would be harder for me to think about it than how I am now. Like, right now, logically, if I don''t see an end in sight, it makes sense to just not be together. But when you're actually involved and have those feelings, the feelings can make you think otherwise
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Leanna you ain’t jaded I agree with you lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): For me the end goal is getting married and if I don't see that happening, I'd rather not waste either of our time
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Which is why getting back into dating is hard for me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because there have been plenty of girls who have been interested in me, but for one reason or another I just couldn't see us working out so I'd rather not pursue it
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea me too (big surprise) but i know alot of people arent interested in marriage or ready for it or consider it a "goal" at all
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): valid
Bill: mm.... Less about marriage but more about the commitment behind it though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): basically my whole perspective on everything it just "you do you, as long as all parties involved are agreed, and no ones getting fooled"
Bill: Yeah. I'm not going to hold it against Anna *if* Pasq is on board.
Bill: if not, she's stringing him along and that I'll judge.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ^
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think he knows
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea, i used to have marriage as my goal, and would look at relationships as a means to get to that goal. But, my ideals have since changed drastically. I don't think i value marriage as much as a lot of other people do and would be fine never getting married. 

But, I really like to get to know people on a personal level that only comes from relationships. 
When i'm in a relationship i'm committed to them, not cheating or any garbage. But, i also am upfront when i begin a relationship about how I'm there to have a good time and if it lasts forever then great, but if it doesnt for whatever reasons then thats fine. 

It seems like Anna is similar. But, obviously I cant really say if shes been open with pasq or not. I just hope she has been.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They had this look when they were talking about Long Island
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the way she talks when hes around though makes me believe he knows
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and that hes just happy to have the time with her
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah that sounds right
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats totally valid
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They’ve been dating two years it must’ve come up
Bill: Love is totally different for everyone yeah. Which to parrot Jess, to each their own.
Bill: You can't tell someone they're loving wrong. ~~rip Casey~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): oooooff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): **o o f**
Aldus Larian (Jess): love and let love, peace and no war ☮
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): /Raises hand but ethan tho?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): War is ok then?
Bill: ha. Well, there's no rules in love and war.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ethan will prob self destruct eventually
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): theres SOME rules
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~like dont abuse your partner~~
Bill: ~~but is that love~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~to people who arent aware theyre doing it , yes. still isnt right though. theres some rules~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): leanna bring the big truths
Bill: ah fair, my assumption is they knew they were doing it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): most abusers dont know
Aldus Larian (Jess): most abusers dont? from what ive gathered
Bill: I couldn't tell you. I just know the Anna and Pasq thing doesn't line up with my definition of love (to me it's... wanting to be with them in every experience and moment, wanting their happiness as much as your own, knowing that thick and thin you'll always be better with them) which is why it's jarring to hear about. They're definitions are just different. I just hope it doesn't hurt anyone involved.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): People have different priorities
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Relationships are of probably third or fourth importance to me
Bill: tis what I said.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): L
Bill: L
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): L
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I didn’t mean to send L y’all suck
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Press L to pay respects
Bill: *Oh really I thought it was a new meme*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): L
Bill: L
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): As I waS SAYING like it’s really interesting seeing how people’s priorities shake out
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _the diversity of man_
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea^ its pretty cool to see ngl xD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): GOTTA USE THIS FOR MY AURII CHARACTER
Bill: Be way more fun if I felt like a part of it though oof.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But you have priorities too bill
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lmao my college sent me an email about their accelerated nursing program in case I was looking for a career change xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): wooooow
Elfriede Faun (Tom): L stands for Loss
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Anyways good conversation my doods
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Was a good read
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Always a good time discussing DEEP topics
Bill: "good"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m always interested to hear what y’all think
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I’m glad we don’t murder each other over different views
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^
Bill: https://giphy.com/gifs/internet-skull-burn-3oriNW5HC9iiBfnhM4
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so, my friend brendon decided to invite himself to firefly fest and is like assuming he can stay at my house and i told him no??? because he didnt even ask me and now he's upset??
Im exhausted.
Bill: oof.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): he didnt even express interest in the festival, he just saw me hit i was going on the fb event
Bill: Katsu Brendon?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and was like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "oh same"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea him
Aldus Larian (Jess): 🤔
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im too tired to deal with it right now xD but like wtf???
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Bruhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg i cant wait for this ear infection to be gone
Aldus Larian (Jess): my ear is itching in places i didnt know existed
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ahhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): I hate when someone has to explain something 4 times to me even though I knew exactly what they meant the first time 🙄
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Was it an old man?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea how did u know
N🆗ri (Marisa): Did they ever find your boss
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea he came in
Aldus Larian (Jess): Apparently he almost left for work and then decided he didn't feel good and went to bed and then his son drive to his house to make sure he was ok and then he decided to go to work
Aldus Larian (Jess): aHHHHhhHhh I can't wait to get antibiotics <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus Larian (Jess): This week is kicking my ass 

I have/had 5 flyers to design and revise at work while also trying to make revisions to 6 workbooks at work while keeping up with various other requests. Plus new office mate makes everything feel awkward since I'm not used to him yet

I have a throat/ear infection, my tummy doesn't like these sugar free cough drops Ive been eating so that's coo. And I have my period
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh my god HUGE F
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im so sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): It ok. Thanks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Feel better
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You can make it!
Aldus Larian (Jess): 💪 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Actual image of me rn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 💪😭🍷
Aldus Larian (Jess): Antibiotics aquired. Also chocolate and a latte
Aldus Larian (Jess): I removed my mom as my emergency contact on my medical papers. Does that mean I'm am adult niw
N🆗ri (Marisa): who they gonna call?? ghostbusters????
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tom=ghostbusters
Aldus Larian (Jess): *he's a phantom*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _tommy phantom_
