Nokri (Marisa): Got health insurance info somewhat?
The health insurance agent then gave me all the local places I can go to. They’re all geriatric care only <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Lol what.
Bill: But WOOOOOO
Nokri (Marisa): I just have to wait until I’m 55 <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: You should be able to go anyway.
Nokri (Marisa): No they all only take people over 55 <:pew:543202259085950996> it’s all geriatric care centers
Aldus Larian (Jess): What insurance?
Nokri (Marisa): health insurance
i've been offline all day in a crippling self-hating stupor and possibly slightly hallucinating? <:thinku:543194478614413318> BoJo somehow managed to get a very blurry picture of one of our insurance cards, possibly for her foot, so we're trying to use that but it's hard to make out the numbers.
also all the places the lady on the phone gave us won't accept me so there's that too <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): What insurance company?
Nokri (Marisa): uhhhhh hold on lemme remember. i googled it and it had bad reviews lol
Nokri (Marisa): meridian
Nokri (Marisa): google says it's only in michigan and illinois 🤷
Bill: I wonder if you can sharpen the image.
Aldus Larian (Jess): There gotta be somewhere you can go maybe far away thou?
Nokri (Marisa): sharpening wouldn't work, it's not just out of focus but motion blur as well because the idiot who took the picture didn't care about it

maybe. i'll have to call back.
the girl also wasn't very helpful. she started giving me the same phone number 5 times claiming it was for 5 different places.
Bill: Oof. Getting info is an art over the phone.
Bill: You aren’t the primary on the insurance right? It’s in *that guys* name?
Nokri (Marisa): "here's so-and-so center. they deal in stuff. it's 856-555-5555."
"cool thanks"
"and here's this-and-that center. 856-555-5555."
"uhh. that's the same number."
"that's what is listed on their website."
"are you sure? ...ok?"
"now the center for stuff. their phone number is 856-555-5555."
"<:hmm:543194383885926403>"
Nokri (Marisa): yee
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Bill: Is there enough information on the card to identify yourself with them?
Bill: Or do they check your social?
Nokri (Marisa): they might be able to send us a replacement card, they said on the phone
they did that in december but sent it to him instead apparently and he never gave it to us. but they might be able to send it to *us* this time.

they accepted my social
Nokri (Marisa): that takes care of bojo's foot
Bill: If you can identify yourself that’s great. You can get information over the phone then.
Bill: They probably sent it to the address on file.
Nokri (Marisa): i did get information on the phone <:pew:543202259085950996>
it's all geriatrics <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Which will be his.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Is the insurance he has only for people 55+
Nokri (Marisa): omg what if it is
Nokri (Marisa): lol
Bill: Is that a thing?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Probably
Bill: Hmm.
Nokri (Marisa): bojo said it's not that kind of insurance but the lady probably didn't know what she was talking about because they outsource it
bojo called them but gave me the phone because she couldn't understand the lady's accent
Bill: You can always go full Karen and ask for a supervisor.
Nokri (Marisa): nooo
Nokri (Marisa): i tell myself anything that goes wrong is my own fault, poiltely thank them, hang up, and then go sob in a corner about how useless i am 👍
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nuuuuu 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mawisa 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wow look at how good those words aligned
Nokri (Marisa): poetry in motion
Bill: Imma call with you. =T
Bill: I’ll Karen up.
Nokri (Marisa): noooo that bothers you and wastes your time
Bill: *it bothers me you think I’d consider that a waste.*
Bill: I would be ecstatic to help you. I’m not sure I can pull of the shinanigans my mom can but if I could get you anything more than you have I’d love to.
Nokri (Marisa): naw see that's my issue. 0 confidence, 0 contribution to society, unskilled and disgusting and everything i do is bothersome and wasteful and i'm the scum of the earth, hated by all. that's why i need a doctor.

i'm unwilling to let anyone help me because i can't waste their time nor allow them to lower themselves down to my rock bottom level
Nokri (Marisa): and no matter what anyone says i can't see myself differently
Aldus Larian (Jess): You do need a doctor. But let biru help try to get you one! I know you can't see it any other way but we really do love you and biru is very good at getting things done and it will help your mom too!
Bill: Yeah. You contribute so much to us!
Bill: I missed you all day today.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I value you so much mawisa 😭
Bill: We love you.
Bill: L
Bill: O
Bill: C
Nokri (Marisa): am so useless i can't even dig my ditch properly <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): owo
Bill: E
Nokri (Marisa): 🇨
Bill: Why are you digging a ditch?
Nokri (Marisa): so i can fill it with water
Bill: Whatcha making?
Bill: Wait a minute this is a distraction.
Nokri (Marisa): it's gonna be cool
but needs a lot of space
Nokri (Marisa): owo
Nokri (Marisa): im about..... 1/5-1/4 of the way done the ditch
Bill: Marisa insurance is a personal thing so I can’t do anything without your consent. I won’t pressure you. But I’d happily do as much arguing as I need to if I can try and get you the help you need.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): naw we can call back. thank.
Nokri (Marisa): much appreciation
Nokri (Marisa): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> this is the dab of appreciation
Nokri (Marisa): my ditch isn't close to mt rigatoni don't worry
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woah big ditch
Nokri (Marisa): will be 75x95x9 when complete!
Bill: Conversation at dinner turned to some of my problems, I got told I should just “get over” my low self confidence.
Bill: Aaaand I don’t feel so bad about keeping my emotional problems more private from my parents, they just. Don’t get some things.
Bill: They’ve been happily married far too long to understand loneliness and are confident people (at least dad is introverted but it’s mom who does the talking).
Nokri (Marisa): yeah man just solve all your problems. easy. problem solved
Bill: And they’re the same kind of “fixers” I am and when you don’t understand the problem your “fixes” are completely off base.
Bill: I love them but ugh they’re frustrating with certain topics.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah understandable, a lotta parents are unfortunately out of touch with that stuff
Nokri (Marisa): no matter how hip with their fellow kids they may be
Bill: HaaaaaaaAAAAA
Bill: Yeah.
Bill: Much oof.
Bill: <:f_respect:575713016297947157>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Me: extremely tired from lack of sleep
Also me: eats some chocolate and has woken up 40 times since trying to sleep an hour ago in a daze
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Also sinuses are dying for some reason too and that's not helping
Nokri (Marisa): Keep eating chocolate it will assist
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Dark chocolate will mess ya up
Bill: Mm.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Dark chocolate good for you
Bill: I want some now tho.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Except when you are trying to sleep <:pew:543202259085950996>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And eat a lil over half a ghieadelli 70% boi
Bill: Oof
Bill: I just woke up from a train nap tho, so I want to opposite of sleep.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): finally pulled together stuff to get reimbursed for Milwaukee
Bill: Oh my head hurts. Stupid nap.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): getting $240 back <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): customer's complaining we used the wrong type of cable in one of their dumb assemblies
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because it's a custom cable that they never specified, nor gave us information on
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): this is what's on the BOM
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so we just went by the info in the description and found 26 AWG UTP cable rated for 100 ohms in both blue and orange jackets
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which end up being patch cables with 4 pairs of conductors
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's kind of confusing to explain so I'm sorry if you have no idea what I'm talking about
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i'm trying to follow but yea kinda have no idea, but just sounds like a shit show
Bill: *You say that and I take it as a challenge to understand*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): long story short, we used two different 4 pair cables (which each only used two of the 8 wires inside) and what we were supposed to use was basically just unjacketed twisted wire
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ohhhhhhh
Bill: > I want this
> Okay
> No I wanted that.
> Um?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): each of those cables has 8 wires (4 pair) and we only used the orange pair in the orange cable and the blue pair in the blue cable
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but their custom part *that they never listed or specified when having us quote* is basically just the two twisted pairs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): granted, I should have asked about that the first time we quoted it *because what I thought they wanted sounded really dumb*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but like, if you're going to get a quote for an assembly that you know has custom materials, you kind of need to let us know that
Bill: What do you mean, you don't offer mind reading as part of your services?
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoa i understood that! thanks work!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah... luckily I think if we ever get anything else that uses those cable we can just remove the jacket and take out the wires we need to use. It'll be inconvenient and tedious, but would rather use up what we have (which is a lot) than buy new stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but like, the first time we used that stuff was *last July* so I don't know why it's only becoming an issue 10 months later
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanna go home D:
Aldus Larian (Jess): my coworked keeps giving me US prison stats, and like i have to ask him to repeat them becuase im trying to listen to music
Bill: why.... is he doing that?
Aldus Larian (Jess): he has to research it for work
Aldus Larian (Jess): but like... i dont care :X
Nokri (Marisa): He’s gonna go to prison omg
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): SLEPT TWELVE HOURS WOO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): god I wish that were me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m compensating for all the loss the past week lol
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Same FAM oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): oof i have a major headache from whatever they are using in the kitchen renovation
Bill: ugh.
Bill: I think there's something in the air too, allergy wise.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): both of you, same
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i ,too, have a bad headache, and also allergies are fucking me up today
Bill: Yeah. Went for the excedrin at lunch.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah same, I think that was part of my sleeping issue
Bill: I’ve done like nothing today too.
Bill: Fuck today.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): same
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): my orders got delayed because the truck broke down
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so ive just been fucking around more than usual
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and just wanna go home
Bill: I have shit to do I’m just not doing it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oof
Bill: wow lol what. I think I called myself out in my list of V memes.
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Bill: Coffee will *totally* help me focus right.
Bill: can you is that so if I'm being sarcastic?
Bill: I just abbreviated `newipfn` as `nip`.
Aldus Larian (Jess): *nice*
Bill: *groan*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): guess you could call that...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ...a *nip slip*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Bill: Coffee didn’t help!
Bill: 😭
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hal may have been a poo poo head but damn the soap his mom got me for Christmas is great
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): dumb thing to get annoyed by, but I can't fucking stand when people write "cannon" instead of "canon"
Bill: justified.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): PEWPEW <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): omg its worse when they try to passive aggressively correct you
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): by like using it as many times as possible to try to make you realize youre doing it wrong, when canon is right
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): not cannon
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): sfdjklhsdal
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think that's one thing I don't spell wrong? Lmao I know which one is which even if I accidentally mess it up
Bill: You don't spell things wrong because you're ignorant, you spell things wrong cause you type too fast.
Bill: Totally different.
Bill: "cannon" is a weapon, Canon starts flame wars.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Also I'm pretty sure I'm somewhat dyslexic?
Bill: Which also isn't something you can be blamed for.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes like I said I *know* the difference
Aldus Larian (Jess): And when I talk to people idk online I try to be careful. You guys just get the worst of me 😂
Bill: I can count the number of times I didn’t understand you on one hand.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sounds fake but ok
Bill: ,...
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wow I really don't want to be at work anymore
Bill: WOW not only was that woman on the subway insistent on thanking some girl for standing next to on old man, and talking to strangers on the subway (which is not common), she was annoying as fuck cooing over a baby by basically clucking her tongue like the baby was a freaking chicken.
Bill: The rest of it is eccentric New Yorker, but the fucking Tongue clucking.
Nokri (Marisa): Mmmmm I ran out of serger thread <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Nokri (Marisa): I have a ton more I’m just annoyed it happened while I was using it <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): Everything is running out now haha rip
That means it’s time to start dinner prep
Nokri (Marisa): But the pleats look ok thankfully ;u; ever since chatting with the cool armor lady at Katsu I’m horrified my pleats are gonna jut out at odd angles?
