Tikur (Kurtis): I love getting yelled at for things I don't do 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): mood
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh good
Tikur (Kurtis): Yeah plus, it's my co-workers fault that they forgot something but my name was on it so it's my fault
Bill: Tonight's the first night for the new D&D group Dad found... Which should be exciting but I'm just so *down* today meeting a handful of new people and socializing for a few hours over character creation sounds like hell.
Bill: Nice all caps.
Aldus Larian (Jess): AHH
Bill: *It wasn't a mistake even*
Tikur (Kurtis): He's just excited
Bill: Oof that’ll be a mess of a problem. #leaves
Bill: Complaining about IBM wasn’t too bad for cheering up a bit.
Bill: Gotta enjoy d&d. Somehow.
Nokri (Marisa): maybe VERY URGENT QUESTION is an acronym
Tikur (Kurtis): Why do people have to just go hard and be angry and aggressive
Nokri (Marisa): WHAT? WHAT DID YOU SAY, HUH PUNK? YOU WANNA GO? YOU WANNA FIGHT, EH?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk man but I hate it
Nokri (Marisa): i'm so angry and aggressive i'm gonna throw the government into a woodchipper and then myself
Nokri (Marisa): i'm gonna throw the other angry and aggressive people in too
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: Is an important question.
Bill: Just. He sounds ridiculous asking like that.
Bill: He’s not going to get answers either, I’ve been pestering people about the account for the databases for a year. (They’re not accessible rn, breaking things hence urgency)
Bill: I got enough to deal with.
Nokri (Marisa): B-but it’s VERY URGENT
Bill: For him. I don’t have the answers he needs.
Bill: I passed it to who might ~~but won’t~~.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh I forgot to tell you guys before but today my coworker was like "my fav video game is fallout" 
And I was like *aw yis thank God something we can talk about*
Him: "yea i played the vegas one like 10 times"
Aldus Larian (Jess): And I was like like brah if it your fav game you should probably know the name at least but ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): And then he was like "I don't like 4 though, 76 is good"

And I was like *ok we're done here*
