Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sometimes I really hate resolution settings on newer computers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): trying my hand at some edits but my photoshop is old and not meant for my screen resolution or something? I can't see shit
Bill: Lolllll my surface had that issue all the time.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have to override the high DPI scaling to make it useable
Bill: Yup.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but then it fucks up my brushes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and now it's not working when I try to override
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): still tiny
Bill: I’d try some free photoshop alternative.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah it makes my stroke twice the cursor size
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): how am I already an old person who doesn't understand technology
Bill: Dude I work in computers, resolution scaling is fucking annoying.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's the same issue when I boot up solidworks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's great when I'm hooked up to a monitor, but when I'm in laptop mode it's a nightmare
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NF210WeR9C8&t=271s
Bill: I’m getting fucking crud.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
N🆗ri (Marisa): Who dis?
Aldus Larian (Jess): shes in BNE! lives in PA you may have met her?
N🆗ri (Marisa): <:woah:543194447345876998> *really?*
N🆗ri (Marisa): oops
Aldus Larian (Jess): YE shes thebatgodesscosplay on insta
N🆗ri (Marisa): is she good friends with chocowaffle because what if i accept her friend request and then she tells choco and choco hates me 👀
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nuh she doesn’t know Chico
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ok autocorrect
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i dont think so
Aldus Larian (Jess): CHICO
Bill: She don’t know choco. Also fuck choco.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:BOI:549661126141411351>
N🆗ri (Marisa): o she the raven cosplayer?
N🆗ri (Marisa): i yelled at her to squish closer to the wall oh no oh no 🙀 sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea she cosplay raven and i dont thinks hes take it personally
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye she nice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She got me a lavender scent thing for my birthday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It ok to accept her friend request
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah hetaher nice
Bill: I’m sick and sad! And I really need to try and do some work cause it could be the breakthrough we need...
Bill: But I finished umbrella academy and the fraud guy got arrested in Pittsburgh cause they tracked the car.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): umbrella academy was pretty good o3o
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm trying to run a CD_ROM on my computer and it's really struggling
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): disc is probably too smudged and scratched to read
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my computer is making weird noises
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): RIP
Bill: shower didn't help.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Try bath next
Bill: lol I don't fit in bathtubs.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Flood bathroom
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They have JNPR too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 👀👀👀
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 👀 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): Fuck
Bill: Ooooohhhhh mmmymymGOODOODDDD
Bill: this episode of Lucifer has a FURRY CONVENTION
Bill: STRAIGHT UP
Bill: THEY SAID FURRRRRSONAA
N🆗ri (Marisa): An episode just for you
Bill: No u.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Noah’s trying to get me to eat more veggies
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This is how it’s going
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmaooo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): EAT VEGGIES YALL
Elfriede Faun (Tom): THEY GOOD
Elfriede Faun (Tom): AND HELP YOU TO NOT DIE
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): What if we crave death. Hmm?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): **y'all start eating your bad food faster**
N🆗ri (Marisa): These golf pencils SUCK I’m so sad 
Golf pencils aren’t supposed to suck they’re a beacon of hope
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I had that COVERED but my phone took too long to send it xD
