Aldus Larian (Jess): Ain't gonna lie I feel like a waste of space right now. I did do yard work today but after I finished all I did was sit on the couch, watch TV and eat enough carbs to feed a small nation. My periods completely knocking me.out and I've almost fell asleep multiple times today
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but at least you did yard work! that's an accomplishment! you deserved to be lazy the rest of the day! and you get a pass because periods suck.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea good thing I at least did that 😂
Bill: Don’t have to be productive every day of the week.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): we cut so many plant yo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): there so many more plant
El🆓de Faun (Tom): ill trade for a sand garden
Aldus Larian (Jess): So many plants 😭
Nokri (Marisa): plantasscre
Nokri (Marisa): that sounded better mentally
El🆓de Faun (Tom): it made sense!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sand garden will need a sand guardian to play sound garden
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes plz
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/tmomndvCsh7d6
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yaaas
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I am the scare
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): NASA is intimidate
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m so nervous I almost forgot to pack pajama pants o boy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I forget to pack pajama pants all the time xD
Nokri (Marisa): any pants are pajama pants if you believe
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): case in point, your party the other weekend
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): had to run out to a walmart on the way down to buy some gym shorts to sleep in lol
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't realize people had brought pajamas i just slept in my dress like a hobo :3c
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I usually just wear gym shorts with whatever shirt I was wearing that day
Nokri (Marisa): working out while you sleep, genius
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And I'm back to my old glasses... I put my new ones on this morning and they just hurt my nose. Probably going to order new ones again
Bill: You could take them to moms office but the opticians kinda a lazy prick so...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): What would they do?
Bill: No idea. I’m not the eye care professional lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Lol
Bill: Also I remember seeing you talking about it but yesterday was really busy so I don’t remember the issue exactly.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's the way the frames are designed, so I doubt much could be done
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): See how the bridge is designed? That is digging into my nose
Bill: Upside: my apartment is 5-8 minutes to the train and little traffic 
Downside: iiiii plugged my charger into a switched outlet so I’ve got half charge on my phone.
Bill: Iiii don’t cause discord is refusing to load the image.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof
Bill: Fuck I made a point of coming into NYC today since my boss gave me off on Friday to move... he’s not even going to be in the office.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): damn if I hadn't fucked around with filing my frames down, I could have returned them for 50% credit :/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ordered new ones
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): hopefully these will be more comfortable
Aldus Larian (Jess): They should be. My last 2 have been like that and they're comfy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just reviewed the other ones and gave it 1 star. They're really neat looking frames otherwise, but they fucking hurt yo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I still hate that these exist
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 3 hours down of a 16 hour drive oof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): safe travels!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): is it just you driving down?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Big oof, good luck
Bill: Not sure I want to post to Instagram cause oof old photos but.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that glow-up tho 👌
Bill: Long hair did me no favors.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): annoying girl came in to my office to tell me that her friends went to the Valley Forge casino and that there was a furry convention going on and she was disappointed that she missed it and then walked out of my office
Bill: She thinks you're a furry and is trying to impress you. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH like when i gave tom the ad for anime next to try to impress him in 11th grade
Nokri (Marisa): it worked
Bill: She has a point.
Bill: Do you feel furry yet Erik.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no
Nokri (Marisa): I wanted to just trim my bangs a little but I wound up doing like an inch because I wasn’t paying attention rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh noes!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I just got on lunch and thundering like crazy all of sudden?
Bill: Sunny in NYC. Must have just rolled in from the west.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I guess I'll just sit here till it actually starts to rain
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Rainy in Virginia
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And suddenly sunny
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Weird summer thunderstorms
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Here too
Aldus Larian (Jess): who got in just as it started to rain <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sunny blue skies here
