Dizzy: *<@!184437198865563648> headpats <@!351471675843411978>*
Dizzy: <@!351471675843411978> has been headpatted 1 times.
Bill: !headpat <@!351471675843411978>
Dizzy: *<@!184437198865563648> headpats <@!301927856240459777>*
Dizzy: <@!301927856240459777> has been headpatted 9 times.
Bill: !headpat <@!301927856240459777>
Dizzy: *<@!184437198865563648> headpats <@!351785752197201920>*
Dizzy: <@!351785752197201920> has been headpatted 1 times.
Bill: !headpat <@!351785752197201920>
Bill: This is not a good ~~decade~~ morning to wake up with “I want you to want me” stuck in my head. 

Good song though.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Boy, I just.... don't want to work today
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I wish I got an extra day for traveling
Bill: Plan that in next time.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea or at least half day
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like come in late
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah boss man said he only wanted me to miss a day of work
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh well. I'm not complaining too much other than I'm just more tired than usual
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): getting to travel was fun
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm proud of myself because flying by yourself is a very adulty thing to learn to do
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And less stressful than I imagined
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Looking at more apartments and I might have found an even better one
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *it includes heating, hot water, and cooking gas*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.apartments.com/country-club-reading-pa/6xxt2fv/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): holy shit just about everything is included in rent
Bill: I feel pretty crappy, even for a thursday morning... maybe I'm getting sick.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): woah
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats really cheap too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): looks nice
Aldus Larian (Jess): Pool? Pool!
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oof im sorry bill, i hope you start feeling better
Aldus Larian (Jess): Feel better bro
Bill: ,... I took off my noise cancelling headphones since between the noise cancelling and them pressing on my head might be making my head hurt. 

Of course today Vincent has a conference call I now get to listen to.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): feew bettew Biww ;-;
Bill: Physical sickness is fine, it's the emotional I hate <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): be like Jumin and just kill your emotions <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: *considered that*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~don't actually~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): fuck I really want to check out that other apartment now. I emailed about scheduling a tour
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but it's available *now* and I feel like it's gonna get snatched soon
Bill: My guess is you are best not rushing it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sometimes you have to with housing tho
Bill: why spend a few thousand (by the time you're done) getting settled somewhere only to find out there was a better place down the road?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my only qualm is that the highway it's off of is annoying to get on and off of and is prone to traffic and accidents and I'd have to deal with that *daily*
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean def check it out, have your list of needs and wants but if you like it jump on it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah I told my mom about my tour with the first apartment I have on Friday and she was like "Don't just rush into it and check other places out"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So that's what I'm doing. And I found this one
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea if you like a place, new apartments tend to open up the first of every month
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so no rush
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): even if they tell you "oh its gonna go fast"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): another one identical to it will open
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But still gonna look at other ones too. But this one is slightly bigger for about the same price and includes just about everything. So like, how often am I gonna find that
Bill: The fees and such are going to be an important part in the decision.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm just going by what apartments.com says in terms of availability. It'll usually say when units are becoming available
Bill: Go on lots of tours, just to get a feel for how different complexes handle utilities/fees.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The application fee on the first is $40 and the second is $25 🤷 ~~and I know there's probably other fees but those are the ones that stood out first~~
Bill: I'm more thinking about monthly fees for 'grounds maintanence' and such.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): gotcha
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): all things I shall ask about
Bill: Course I'm spitballing, I haven't done any home shopping myself. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I need to.
Bill: But.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the first apt is pet friendly, not sure about the second (in case I want to get a cat because fuck I sure do)
Bill: Jersey rent is freaking insane and I'm moving out on my income alone. Getting a condo/Townhome with a morgage is potentially cheaper though.
Bill: So I might do that.
Bill: and I can't move further west, cause my commute is already stupid...
Bill: https://sdl-stickershop.line.naver.jp/stickershop/v1/sticker/13010911/android/sticker.png;compress=true
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah it's a struggle
Bill: I like my company though, I just want it. Closer.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): when my ex was looking to move, she knew she wanted to get a house because it's pretty much about as cost effective if not cheaper than renting
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but you gotta *commit* to living there for a good while
Bill: mm.
Bill: Granted, moving so much throughout college has turned me off to moving. I want to settle when I do move.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and the buying process is stressful because of other people making offers and I'm sure the selling process is a nightmare
Bill: Not permanently, but at least for 5 years or something like moving in with a hypothetical girlfriend.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I want to be in a job in an area I'm comfortable settling in i.e. *out* of Berks County
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I'm ready to just be on my own
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my mom even said she feels like I'm competent enough to cook for myself on my own 😂
Bill: lol I am decidedly not.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do what I do and pick one day of the week to cook for your family
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): although idk how that works for you and your family with everyone's schedules because don't you guys eat relatively late?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): once youre on your own you kinda like... have to learn to cook. and you do xD
Bill: Yeah. We rarely eat before 7, more like 7:30.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's still not too bad
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do it on your day you work from home
Bill: it is when Dad takes an *hour* to eat.
Bill: We're *hopefully* pretty close to tearing out the kitchen actually.
Bill: Which will definitely make cooking interestinf.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof yeah
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we redid our kitchen at the end of 2017
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): basically had microwave meals for a month
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): or takeout
Bill: yup.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Shopping for apartments is messy, I think having an apartment through school next year will be a good trial run
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m still a smol tho so I have a couple years til I feel like I wanna move out
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Plus y’all will be able to show me the ropes by then <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Most grad students live off campus.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ye and if you have loans, still not a bad idea to keep living with your parents for a while
Bill: Ahaaaaaa now I remember why I bought my noise cancelling headphones in the first placeeeeeee
Bill: Vincent has a habit of fucking humming at his deeeeeesskkkkkk
Aldus Larian (Jess): better than banging his head agaisnt it
Bill: it's just the perfect pitch to make me want to tear my teeth out.
Aldus Larian (Jess): better than scaring the shit out of you <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Snows in our avengers group?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): [low groaning]
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *and Hunter...*
Bill: Yes I noticed the Hunter add.
Bill: ~~good thing the defenders is so inconsequential if I bailed no one would notice~~
Bill: I'm guessing he invited SNow.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): unfortunately yes
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): he did ask me if he could, and i told him only if she really commits to doing it ......
But i kinda felt on the spot cause like.... no one besides the couple of us has a problem with her in the group
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): so i was like..... ugh.... i guess.. assuming she wouldnt want to do anyone that was left
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ....but here we are
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thanos is fitting for her though >.>
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Did she actually commit to thanos tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like legit, not meme
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): who knows. but i told hunter if she causes problems i WILL kick her out
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _good_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oof SHES just so FAKE it hurts
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And idk how she’s even gonna do thanos
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s a job and a half
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _hey at least I get to go for the head <:pew:543202259085950996> _
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i will give her credit for the fact that shes really good at bodypaint
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but.... the rest
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): *shrugs*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i assume she'll sucker hunter into printing 90% of of it for free
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): cause hunter has a big crush on her still
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): NO STOP does he
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Lol
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyep
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Why couldn’t it have been Casey
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Noooooo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Are we gonna cap the group at some point? Because the group is getting lorge and that's stressing me out even though it's not really my problem lmao
Bill: that is true.
Bill: Depends on what the end~~game~~goal is.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im capping it at no xmen
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Just endgame participants
Bill: You could basically run a private marvel shoot at Katsu, keep it simple, and move on.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea endgame participants
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like we should “lock” the group so to speak a certain time out from Katsu
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t trust adding people who haven’t started the cosplay like a month before con lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): MCU because Quicksilver
Bill: Then keep any smaller groups to themselves IE, if we were to go to NYC like Anna suggested or or Otakon.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Quicksilver was in avengers ~~for a short time~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i mean quicksilver was an avenger
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): he just dead
Bill: Course I won't go anywhere near shooting the whole group.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Which was a good compromise if not cruising over into X-men territory
Bill: If you were in an MCU property, you're good.
Bill: Xmen is not MCU.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea that!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah idk if it’s offensive but doing the core 6 as a shoot would be the ideal to me... and even that is considered a big group
Bill: Not really.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): core 6 is what i had originally planned
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): >.>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): idk how this got this big
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 🙃
Bill: You guys talked about it?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): not that im complaining, it'll be fun
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but like im stressed out thinking about organizing it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _its like konkon all over again_
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it'll be fine though
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Eh we just tell people to show up at one point in time and if they don’t show up they a thot
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i'm good at wrangling people and gettign shit done in an effective way
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah not sure what the plan is going to be if we do a shoot... This group is too big for a private shoot
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but anna is specifically stressing me out, no offense to her, i love her
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The BNHA Jess and i were in was 11 people and that was a lot
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but shes like.... TOO excited, and trying to get too many people
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeeeeeeaaaaaaaaa
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and like somehow decided shes in charge????
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and im like..... n....no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~she tends to do that~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~you're not wrong~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I still think some people will flake too oof
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh yea, definitely
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She’s well intentioned but yeah she steamrolls
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): as long as not main 6 <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but whats important to me is the main 6
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the rest can flake if they want
Bill: Move shoot planning to cosventions.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh sorry
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Is it shoot planning if I’m still complaining LOL
Aldus Larian (Jess): imma mute that channel till u  guys are done just cuz work
Bill: Specifically trying to solve the problem over there, complain about how many people ya'll attract if you wish. :3
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t think Jaime will come through on iron man
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i dont either
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I still agree I wish Anna with her foam skillz had wanted to be iron man
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She would’ve made an awesome suit
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yeaaa.... like how did she end up doing a fabric arm for bucky? i thought foam was her THING
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and she wouldve been fantastic as tony
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): little bothered by that, but it's alright i want her to be happy with who shes doing
Aldus Larian (Jess): ayyy if these feelings of inferiority could yeet out of here, that would be great
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG this fucking kid is so fidgety
Aldus Larian (Jess): his chair and desk squeak and it quiet in here so i hear everything
N🆗ri (Marisa): replace his desk and chair with bean bags
N🆗ri (Marisa): replace him with bean bag
Bill: Ooooh, make a list of your strengths and weaknesses.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ha
Aldus Larian (Jess): not the best time to do that
Bill: I did that once and it made me feel good cause I came up with more strengths than weaknesses. I bet you will do.
Aldus Larian (Jess): not when my self image is so low tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz stuff i normally think im decent at, i dont right now
Bill: > takes picture of Jess
> lifts from table
> hangs 7 feet up on wall
Bill: It you!
Dizzy: *<@!184437198865563648> headpats <@!351471675843411978>*
Dizzy: <@!351471675843411978> has been headpatted 2 times.
Bill: !headpat <@!351471675843411978>
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: So I just hand a lunch conversation where Mohanish was telling me all about how IBM's haphazard management has him not learning new skills or even working in his field (a common problem in the office) and that's frustrating to him cause it'll impact his growth for his career.
Bill: And he was airing his grievances pretty openly, to the point where I was like 'I'm not your manager but...' before stating things.
Bill: And part of me is like... I should care more about that too?
Bill: But I'm kinda content?
Bill: Mom and Dad complain about that all the time, that I need to keep building my resume but... I don't have much passion to do more in tech. I like what I can do and am pretty good at it...
Aldus Larian (Jess): the only person that can define your level of success is yourself
Bill: Yeah, that's not what I mean... In the long run, more skills means more pay, more opportunities for jobs, stuff like that.
Bill: It is a valid concern.
Bill: I'm just like... unmotivated for that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): its ok to be ok with where you are though
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I mean, I'm kinda in that position. I'm not using anything I learned in college so like, I feel like my degree was a waste. And finding new jobs has been proving to be difficult because I don't have certain skills so <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): money, job opportunities, does it really matter if your ok with your situation
Bill: I mean. More money ain’t a bad thing.
Bill: I do love the perks of this job tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): what im saying is. your parents dont get to tell you when its time to move on.
Bill: Oh yeah no.
Bill: No worries there.
Bill: They have a valid point but I make my own decisions.
Bill: I ignore the part where they're like "why don't you do" and just listen to the opinion.
Bill: Pretty good at filtering out the intention from the suggestions.
Bill: ~~if you wondered where my skill with deciphering context clues and subtext comes from, it's from understanding my parents sometimes~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~every time your parents talk to me i just get mad cuz it feels like nothing is good enough for them~~
Bill: They're... intending to be encouraging, and guiding.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaaa but its not XD
Bill: It has gotten a little harder to tell as we've gotten older, you have to know the 'language' so to speak. So I can see why you say that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): no, i know their intention
Aldus Larian (Jess): but its still disrespectful
Bill: right... I'm acknowledging they don't come off well at times, please don't make me defend my parents...
Aldus Larian (Jess): sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): just not used to that sort of parenting i guess
Bill: Any parent I've met has been completely different, yeah.
Bill: It's not perfect, but they've been the best they could be for me so I don't like to fault them for expressing good intentions poorly.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I didn't say they should try to be perfect I was just saying hoe they make *me* feel. I didnt mean to offend you
Bill: I've been noticing it too... But I've been more short than usually recently (as ya'll have noticed) and I chalk it up more to me than them.
Bill: Yeah it okay Jessu. https://sdl-stickershop.line.naver.jp/stickershop/v1/sticker/12344670/android/sticker.png;compress=true
Bill: Speaking of, I just got a call... Apparently one of the contractors does shooting instruction at a quarry somewhere... When I get the info about it, anyone interested in that? I'd love to go with friends rather than the solo act.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok now that Hunter is in the Avengers chat, I'm really glad I muted... 😑
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): typical hunter talk
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yuuup
Bill: We sure know a lot of annoying people.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): always posting about some minor inconvenience that happened to him and complaining constantly about it
Bill: Who me.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah fam, me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no, Hunter
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *"I got a paper cut on my face"*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "~posts photo~*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i feel like on BNE he always just showed up, daid one things and then yeeted out
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~2 hours later~*
Bill: Yeah.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *"My face hurts!!!"*
Bill: He doesn’t care for BNE which is fine with me.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *because Snow isn't there* 👀
Bill: He didn’t even care when Casey was around
Bill: Zen shrug
N🆗ri (Marisa): his face looks ok i didn't see a big cut :0
not bashing him, i just can't find it and i looked like it was  a game of where's waldo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): snow frustrates me so mUCH
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): AHHH
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so fake so annoying
Bill: Mmmmhm.
Bill: Since he’s gamora his cosplaying with you tho Mawisa.
Bill: ~~if he ignores you in the group he’s dead to me~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hes not already? lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): hes already dead to you
Bill: Nope.
Bill: He’s annoying, but not dead to me.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 👀
Bill: Dead to me is like... Ethan. Maybe. I’d care even less.
Bill: Or people from college who I lost touch with as soon as I stopped suggesting hanging out *cause they never cared about hanging out with me to begin with they were just bored*
Bill: Like I was genuinely excited to see Hunter join the photography server.
N🆗ri (Marisa): he's messaged me about homestuck stuff? in the group, and once in a dm after kogara. i think that's all we've ever talked about
Bill: He’s into it, and I like talking shop at a low level with him.
N🆗ri (Marisa): rocket and gamora don't interact much <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: But then he fucking left so.
Bill: Was funny at least.
Bill: If he ignores Marisa tho. Dead.
Bill: Especially since she’s being so PURE and WHOLESOME to keep trying to be his friend after he was a JERK.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i see now i think he's more awkward than uppity
or maybe it's a mix of both?
N🆗ri (Marisa): who u talkin bout
Bill: Somewhat.
Bill: YOU BAKA.
N🆗ri (Marisa): what a cool name
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hes mostly awkward
YOU BAKA: yee, before it came across as very snobby but i'm seeing now it's mostly nerves
Bill: Plus he’s kinda all over the place with this pro photographer thing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): marisa what have u done
YOU BAKA: what have i done? :0
YOU BAKA: is it bad????
YOU BAKA: if it's the name thing i didn't do that
Bill: You broke rule number 1.
YOU BAKA: t'was forced
Bill: No being mean to Marisa.
YOU BAKA: but i'm less than garbage
Bill: NO YOU ARE NOT.
YOU BAKA: sounds fake but ok
Bill: You’re thinking it’s fake sounds fake.
YOU BAKA: i got kinda scolded the other day because i'm apparently too far gone to care about myself at all. i know that i am useless trash and there's very little chance of that viewpoint changing, and if i keep talking about it y'all are just gonna yell at me also
YOU BAKA: so i put a kibosh on it before the bit gets too long
YOU BAKA: i've been feeling (wow) more angry at myself this week rather than my usual disgust and if it rubs off in the chat i'm sorry
Bill: Who scolded you?
YOU BAKA: bojo
YOU BAKA: it was like a concerned scolding
Bill: Okay she can scold you.
Bill: I’m glad you say how you’re feeling. It’s so different from the problem children days where you only talked about weeb stuff.
YOU BAKA: she kind of had an epiphany like "i've been sending efforts/well wishes to other families with suicidal kids without realizing that my own kid is suicidal and that makes me a bad person" and her saying that makes me a bad person

BECAUSE Y'ALL NERDS DON'T WATCH ENOUGH ANIME
YOU BAKA: bring back weebtalk
YOU BAKA: uwu
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mawisa i wont yell at you for being depressed D: not my style. tough love isnt a thing i can do. But i love you very much and wish you had access to the help I think you deserve ❤
Aldus Larian (Jess): one day i will burn the american healthcare system in your name
YOU BAKA: thx i appreciate it and check this out
YOU BAKA: **down with the US healthcare system** <:rise:557579163511554050>
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats him!
YOU BAKA: we need to use the hotel gym at a con someday i have many ideas
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/42/76/16/4276167eabc952d74289fda9e3605a67.gif
Bill: And know I love you for who you are even if tough about showing it. ❤️
YOU BAKA: ~~mostly just wanna do the fight ippatsu juuden chan ed~~
YOU BAKA: my defenses are too thick nothing y'all say can get through them i'm like level 500 tower defense <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: That what Saeran said.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my mom told me to ask my dad for his 2 cents on looking at apartments and my dad said "depending on the monthly payments, you could buy a small house" and I'm just like <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: Lol my parents say the same.
Bill: That saidddddd my parents pay as much for the mortgage on my house as a nice 1 bedroom apartment in jersey.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my dad is anti-leasing anything
Bill: It’s a legitimate thing.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he always talks about how he "sat his father down" to explain to him that it would be cheaper for him to buy a house than rent an apartment when he and my mom were going to get married
Elfriede Faun (Tom): can we at least agree that we arent lying to you :3c
Bill: ?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Marisa
Nokri (Marisa): Who paid you to say that <:spongebobcaveman:562661849297059881>
Nokri (Marisa): My name <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): Inviting people for this party is the worst thing ever. BoJo is inviting so many people I don’t know.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): New friends
Nokri (Marisa): “This is so and sos daughters cousin”
Ok but why would she care at all, this is a nuisance to her news feed
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t quite want to meet a ton of new people at a party for myself <:thinku:543194478614413318> that’s incredibly awkward
Nokri (Marisa): She’s inviting the girl who bit me aaaaaahhhh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Bite her back
Nokri (Marisa): I will
Bill: Ooooh yeah that part of the suffering.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh yeah teue
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But it's graduation
Elfriede Faun (Tom): More people means more money
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Oh YEEEEE
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah! More presents!
Bill: We have a reason to give Marisa things and she can’t refuse!
Bill: The day is made!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So many Domino's gift cards <:pew:543202259085950996>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): At least give her good pizza <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Papa Johns it is then*
