Bill: Fuck. I just cancelled the moving company. We were looking into the company more and they’re info doesn’t match what they told me. 

The ACTUAL company they’re registered under is a huge scam.
Bill: Fuckity fuck.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof
Nokri (Marisa): did you give them any money or bank info?
Bill: No.
Aldus Larian (Jess): das gud then
Bill: So long as they get the message I left and don’t show up tomorrow morning.
Bill: Not that they can bill me.
Bill: Trying to find someone else cause dad and I can’t move all this.
Nokri (Marisa): you can rent a uhaul for like $30 plus another $1.50 per mile you drive
Nokri (Marisa): but since you're just one person moving into an apartment i'd assume it just takes one trip
Bill: Like I said, me and my dad cannot loft everything to the second floor apartment, from second floor in my house alone. It’s too much for just me and Dads not as spry as he thinks he is.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): nice catch
Bill: Bless Mom asking questions again. The place clearly uses a different name to hide their bad rep.
Bill: It’s *really* bad.
Bill: Might have luck with someone Mr Brain recommended last minute. Maybe. If not.
Bill: <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> internally
Bill: Braun.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmaooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): dude i thought you were referring to your brain
El🆓de Faun (Tom): *i am the left brain i am the left brain*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i cant breathe
Bill: Which ones the dick, that’s me.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): *im sorry okay*
*sniff*.... *no your nottttttt*
Aldus Larian (Jess): and now its in my head all over again
Bill: Anyway. I have a headache and half now.
Aldus Larian (Jess): like literally or figuratively?  or noth
Bill: Both.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Meds time!
Bill: Sleep time.
Bill: Guys too busy tomorrow to fit me in. So it’s me and dad and mom. Mom can’t do steps and books. Dad thinks if we rent a truck we can do everything but the couch, 200lb tv stand, and bed.
Bill: Wooo what a mess.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wooo yeah everything but big furniture probably, damn
Aldus Larian (Jess): 200lb tv stand?! <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn son
Bill: Ugh.
Bill: Don’t want Dad killing himself either.
Bill: Playing it by ear on how much we’ll do ourselves tomorrow.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just added something to my work to-do list after I finished it just so I could cross something off my list to make it look like I've done more
Aldus Larian (Jess): i do that all the time! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): "panic attacks and anxiety episodes linked to vitamin deficiencies in groundbreaking study"
pretty sure science has known that for a loooong while
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Bruhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg I'm so tired
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I still have a Mt. Dew for when I reach that point
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I've still been poking along with my wokr
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm sitting in my cat cuz I'm on lunch and I'm like ready to pass out 😂
Aldus Larian (Jess): Opps i meant car
Aldus Larian (Jess): The guy I do side work wants layouts this weekend but I really don't wanna do work this weekend so I'm probably going to try do that when I get back to the office
El🆓de Faun (Tom): You have cow bus?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): CAT OMG
Aldus Larian (Jess): welp that was easy
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woo!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): not expecting to get much done in the next half hour so I'mma just read Jess's fan fic because I realized I don't think I've read any of this one yet and I have 4 chapters to get caught up on!
Aldus Larian (Jess): mwahaha i scheduled my stuff for side project to send at 9:18 tonight so i look like i wasted my friday night getting stuff done for him
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Hehehehe
Nokri (Marisa): im tryna power through otakon pictures again but i keep having to get up 🤢
Nokri (Marisa): NOT BECAUSE OF THE PHOTO SUBJECTS im just dying lol
Nokri (Marisa): y'all fab
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😦 i sowwy u no feel good
Nokri (Marisa): no u
Nokri (Marisa): take this hi-yah
Nokri (Marisa): and this hi-yah
Aldus Larian (Jess): DAS US
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wooo!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): OwO
Nokri (Marisa): sorry i didn't get your tattoo in the shot ;u;
if u ever wear that again i'll get it next time
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Is ok!
Aldus Larian (Jess): 9 minsssss <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just got home
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You can do it!
