Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _silent screaming_
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Snow shut the **fuck** up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Lmaooooo
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Is she for real lmfao
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It's time to stop
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😑
Kaio Vermino (Lee): SNOW HAS STARTED ATTACKING THE WRITER OF LORE OLYMPUS ON TWITTER
Kaio Vermino (Lee): IS THIS REAL
Kaio Vermino (Lee): BEHDJJDKDKKDMDJDJD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): LMAOOOO
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Me, daily: fuck dude, I dodged a bullet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): DID SHE REALLY
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): boy, you sure did
Tikur (Kurtis): Wow what the fuck
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): WTF
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *it's fiction*
Aldus Larian (Jess): What is life? 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): a nightmare
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oof that hurts my soul
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Soul(s)
El🆓de Faun (Tom): All 9 of them
Tikur (Kurtis): This *is* the bad place
Bill: > person: hosts meeting at 8:30am on Monday
> Meeting starts:
> Everyone is late or awol
> Person: <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: Reschedules it as a lunch meeting tomorrow lady wtf.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I would murder someone if someone scheduled a lunch meeting
Bill: It's not unusual.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ... to be loved by anyone
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But yeah, my lunch is unpaid so if I had to be doing work while eating, I'd be pissed
Bill: I had to check that was the lyrics and not some kind of sad line. XD
Bill: Mine is too! Butttt we all kinda. Whatever on that.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof
Bill: We just eat quick and it's basically a coffee break, idk.
Bill: ~~our policies are got really lax down here in the US~~
Bill: The annoying part is it's tomorrow, when I'm in armonk, and in Armonk they only have the cafeteria open a set time frame. I'm good with shifting when I eat (so I never have an actual lunch meeting), but in Armonk if there's enough going on I could end up missing the cafeteria hours.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh lovely, customer wants status of their order that was due on Friday that we haven't started yet
Bill: Read a post summarizing this rt overworking thing... It’s very wrong but also quite common. Tis why I’ll never apply at Amazon or google, the “big name” tech firms and Japanese animation studios have been doing this for years.
Bill: Maybe RT will spark a change. Unlikely but.
Bill: I don’t feel good at all and a 30 minute nap didn’t help and I have stuff I need to finish today and
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sent another email to the apartment guy. New thread so maybe that'll get a response
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there are four 2 bedroom units available on their website and still no 1 bedrooms even though they have one listed on apartments.com
Bill: oof
Bill: DId you get a phone number?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have his number as a last resort. I just hate talking on the phone and he even said texting/emailing him would be the best way to reach him
Bill: people tend to respond faster over the phone tho.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok, got back to me. first week of August it's available
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *allegedly*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): this response was almost verbatim the last response I got from him...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just a new date
