Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ugh woke up 5 minutes late and there goes the shower
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It sucks that if I’m 5 mins late I automatically get set back 20 more minutes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah that sucks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my senior year, my roommate took hour long showers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but at night
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so if I wanted to go to bed I had to make sure I was able to brush my teeth and whatnot before he got in
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): based on the info my recruiter friend gave me, I think I found the actual job listing and the company
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they manufacture instruments for biomedical research
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): except the actual post lists requirements that I have no experience in... like PCB design... and a degree in electrical engineering
Bill: Recruiters talk directly to company HR. They may have different needs in reality than what they write on the form.
Bill: Generalizing a job is hard.
Bill: (Gord was looking to hire someone with 3-5 years experience but hired me instead, you can never know)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah I'm hoping my experience with manufacturing will at least be good enough for them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and she said the owner seems pretty chill personality-wise
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): From the job posting: *You won’t find any stuffy dress codes here, but you will find an incredible professional team working on a business they are passionate about.*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Exactly my type of job lol
Bill: ~~that's a super generic line though~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~yeah but if it means I can still wear jeans and sneakers, then it's a plus~~
Bill: oh ye.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my co-op was relatively casual, but had a bunch of dress code rules
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): dress code was basically business casual so like khakis/chinos with a polo or button down, but Fridays you could wear jeans
all shirts and pants had to be 100% cotton
had to wear steal toe shoes that also had a metatarsal guard
Bill: Did they. Check the tag for cotton percentage.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It had to do with safety because they were super anal about safety
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which like, good on them, but it was sometimes over-the-top
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it was plastic manufacturing so there machines that were 800+ degrees so I guess maybe to prevent the synthetic materials from melting off your body? Idk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It was towards the end of my time there I got my first pair of skinny jeans which were 2% spandex so I felt like a rebel wearing them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but like, to give an example of anal safety measures, any time we had a contractor come in to do any welding work, someone had to be there to monitor them and then after they were done, had to monitor the welded area for an additional hour or two in case anything spontaneously caught fire
Bill: *snrk*
Bill: To be fair, I often want to set fire to IBM.
Bill: Can't trust us contractors.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The other person I was doing it with once had to stay until like 5 (instead of 3:30) because his one project had weld work and they came in the later afternoon
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and he lived like an hour away
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so he was kind of pissed about that
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i would have been too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but funny story about that co-op: They hold a training seminar for their outside sales people and they usually send the co-op students to learn more about the products and the one night they have a dinner social with an open bar. And we were 21 so we were allowed to go, but since we were still so young looking, the people running it, *after the fact*, had to check with HR to double check that we were actually legal to drink
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because there's something a little sketchy looking about two college kids partying with a bunch of grown-ass adults in their 30s-50s
Bill: *what?* Nah.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I checked out Fake Nerd just for the hell of it and I don't really get the hype. They have 20 total products listed on their site, 10 of which are sold out
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea me neither
Aldus Larian (Jess): "can you dropbox me that file real quick?"
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea its commin *real quick*
Bill: :leny
Bill: I had one (1) meeting on a friday, that's enough effort for the day right.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i just saw someones kofi goal to fund their pyrrha cosplay
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it was....
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): $900
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): WHAT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): https://tenor.com/view/matg-calculate-confusing-figure-out-gif-6237717
N🆗ri (Marisa): Wig $30
Worbla $80
Fabric $50
Instagram promotions $650
Paint $10
Makeup $50
Patterns and misc $30

Someone who’s good at math help me budget this Pyrrha cosplay
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *who was it?* 👀
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): valkyrjacosplay
Bill: Yo she know how to do armor builds though.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what the fuck
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): the description is laughworthy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I hope it's some sort of mecha AU Pyrrha because holy shit why do you need $900 for that
N🆗ri (Marisa): the number of likes she gets on her posts don't match up with her follower count
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh maybe the corset she's having commissioned is gonna be hella expensive which I could see
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): she already raised $612
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): corsets wouldnt even be that much unless shes dropping like 600 dollars on a corset
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): which is .....
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): insane
Bill: I'm confused.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My Taiyang post that I promoted for 24 hours got more likes than most of her posts
N🆗ri (Marisa): o yeah if she's commissioning a corset there goes like $300
corsets at cons sell for like $90 each and they aren't even custom made so i can see that being pricy
but. how do i get people to donate $600 for a corset 👀
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like the most you should pay for a custom corset is like $300 and thats for a professionally made like...intricate cosplay
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so she def has a lot of bought and/or spam followers
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yike
Bill: Her captions are bullshit like a 'patreon girl', bought followers, she posts plenty of boudoir but nothing that's like 'ASS', and she's pretty damn talented with armor crafting.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh cute Kokoro tho ~~that I accidentally just liked whoops~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'll only commission a corset for $300 if they bone it with extinct whale bones
Bill: *I cannot comprehend*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 900 dollars for pyrrha
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 900
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): nine hundred
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I would say she's pretty cute and creepy guys are always willing to throw money at cute girls
Bill: Yup.
Bill: But even with that she getting alot of money.
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> lol remember glitter apocalypse.
Bill: She does the triple posting thing Sakura does. yuck.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im still dumfounded by 900 dollars
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i can not comprehend
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): me neither
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): my entire leather harley did not even cost  that much
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and i had to buy all the tools too
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea that insane
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I could buy the Lego Millennium Falcon ~plus other things~
Bill: *other things* <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): a ticket to legoland
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): could go on vacation with that
Bill: you could stay at the kalahari one night on a weekend.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats what i paid for a whole week in lake george for out honeymoon
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ppft
Bill: CCE does wonders for the pricing.
Bill: It's like 600 dollars to go on a weekend.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea its nuts
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 900??????
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I haven’t even spent 900 between remakes
Bill: ***NO SHIT*** *IT'S LIKE I TOLD YOU YESTERDAY IT'S NOT FIXED YET*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): bmoondog, the hero we didn't think we needed
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Saying what we're all thinking
Bill: I wouldn't say that.
N🆗ri (Marisa): the response is more infuriating than the comment
Bill: She's the best thing that'll ever happen to him. She needs to dump his ass.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~Jaehee voice~* That is true
Aldus Larian (Jess): But also why TF would someone say that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's a spam account. 0 posts, 0 followers, 0 follows
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Name is Gerald
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo damn trolls
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Probably someone who creeps on Casey
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): With a second account
N🆗ri (Marisa): so creepy
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): As you sent this Ethan called me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And I was like <:spongebobcaveman:562661849297059881>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And didnt answer
Aldus Larian (Jess): Good 😂
Bill: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof now I'm anticipating a call...
Bill: that's why.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao that God I didn't get closer to ethan I fucking hate getting called
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I ignore every single call
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): So like rip
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): If yall are ever in an emergency I recommend calling someone else lmao
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Because I will probably not pick up
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: If you ever feel like your missing out, just give doesn't believe in marriage guy at work your phone number. He'll be just as sexist and misogynistic as Ethan!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah ethan called me too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): To ask if casey could use my sewing machine
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like BRUH T E X T
Bill: ~~don't answer~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): See if any of you guys CALLED me if panic
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like of know something gwas WRONG
Bill: I had to stop and think if I had your phone number.
Bill: So yeah, definitely would be that serious.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~I dont have ethans number even saved in my phone so I didn't know it was him until he left a message~~
