Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And of course first person to respond with something....
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~Guess I gotta turn replies off again~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Don't want the group to get too big. What a fucking mood, Scott
N汨渓ri (Marisa): maybe big groups are better for non-cons and just. private shoots or such.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you're very not wrong
Bill: Move group avengers to a New York meetup (fittingly) and do core at Katsu.
N汨渓ri (Marisa): japan has a lot of big cosplay groups at events, but also the events there are *just* for cosplay. there are usually no panels or concerts or dances or anything, and people have to change at the event so they only pack one costume or two very light costumes. (maybe a concert at choukaigi but no other events i can think of.)

there was one bnha group at fuyuket though that was just kind of milling around. they were too disorganized to assemble in under 10 minutes when someone asked for a picture of them all
Bill: *SCREAMING*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): stupid indianapolis internship
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im so bored now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it doesnt help that all the girls in the program like to hang out with noah either 沽ｭ
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah... Understandable
El氣電e Faun (Tom): But he a trustworthy boi from the sound of it 泗
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye just makes me jealous
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): especially cause it was a 5 girl/6 boy split
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): then those two guys got kicked out
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and the three other boys are somehow even more anti social than him
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i trust him but cant help feelin a little jelly
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea that's understandable. Just try not to let it get the better of you
N汨渓ri (Marisa): hey! tobias! i know that guy! <:lenny:395307171539189760>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yea it just sucks cause im like... weirdly terrified of being ghosted
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): cause thats what hal started to do
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): before we saw that shit show go down
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah, it's an understandable fear
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea it's def hard to not be paranoid from past experiences
Bill: Definitely too tired to be driving to Armonk.
Bill: Here we are tho. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I miss carpooling too. I窶况e had too many solo runs recently.
Bill: Fuck I forgot my Ibm badge.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): There it is
El氣電e Faun (Tom): You were worried about forgetting it when you went to Armonk tho right
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Or at least that's a specfic situation you had said
Bill: Close, I窶冦 terrified of forgetting my laptop lol
Bill: Cause then I literally have nothing to do but turn around and drive home.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): YE THAT
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oof
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah don't do that
Bill: I usually repack my bag the night before just because of that fear lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Uggghhhh my work computer has been so slow and laggy lately
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like it freezes trying to wake up from screensaver mode
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The screensaver has already crashed a few times
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Problems opening up *Word* documents
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Lag switching tabs on browsers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's just been really annoying
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Ours lags Because our work network sucks
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I wonder if you have the same issue
N汨渓ri (Marisa): you should get fiber optic
N汨渓ri (Marisa): i hear jess's coworker has it and it's great
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea come on guys
El氣電e Faun (Tom): IKR
El氣電e Faun (Tom): What are we even doing
El氣電e Faun (Tom): We make fiber and don't even have fiber optic
Bill: 
Bill: <:facepalm:583111880990523394>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): welp at least she tried
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no net loss
Aldus Larian (Jess): what a weeb
Bill: This is why I need to stop having hope. It sucks when it always falls apart.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof...
Bill: I'mma just sink into work for a bit and try not to be bothered.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sorry my dude
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats kind of a weird thing to say though? like saying youll only date one race?
Bill: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: *It's not usual*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i guess
Bill: 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's actually kind of rude
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea that what im sayin like "damn ok"
Bill: I was making a john mulaney reference while talking about myself to Erik Jessu. The race thing is something unique.
Bill: Maybe in a bad way.
Bill: who knows.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo
Bill: There's a million reasons why it didn't click, I don't need to speculate on which.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://youtu.be/Y-X4rmwbtns <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i would point out that its not a john mulaney reference and just a song because thats how i got it but john did make it famous
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): anywho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its not like you actually sunk time in this girl so thats good at least
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Nah he made What's New Pussycat famous
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): with _one_ its not unusual among the 21 whats new pussycats
Bill: at the salt and pepper dinner.
Bill: I listened to the skit driving home from Marisa's.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The ratio of What's New Pussycat to It's Not Unusuals was 7:1 before they unplugged the jukebox
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Favorite skit ever of all time
Bill: Nope. 11 plays of whats new pussycat, the 7th play of the 12 total was it's not unusual.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh right my b
Bill: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I need to see him and chad daniels live.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *GOD DAMMIT*
Bill: Is it girl who talks to you at work all the time?
Bill: ~~did she fall down a well?~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Huh?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): they put in 21, but they unplugged the jukebox before it could play through all of them <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Alright, I'm going to go find some work to bury myself in for a bit.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFgNx5tI7S4 lmao theres a video for it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My computer is sooooooooo slooooooow
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it keeps locking up just trying to print a 3 page document
N汨渓ri (Marisa): f i b e r o p t i c
i 
b
e
r
o
p
t
i
c
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): trying to listen to Spotify and it has to *buffer*
N汨渓ri (Marisa): quick, someone post that gif of the entire bee movie
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol i think i made my coworker uncomforatble
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): good
Aldus Larian (Jess): I can out of the baathroom and he was like "Where the hell have you been"
and i said "taking a piss"
Aldus Larian (Jess): and i think he had a "ooh ladies cant say that"
N汨渓ri (Marisa): girls dont do that. they don't use the bathroom
Kaio Vermino (Lee): fshdgjkhaa GOOD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): should have said "changing my tampon"
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn right
N汨渓ri (Marisa): illegal dumping
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont wanna brag, but ive killed 2 house centipedes this week so im pretty B.A.
Bill: Jess is a hero.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): wow. a true feat of strength and honor
Kaio Vermino (Lee): all hail the mighty Jess
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It's true I saw 1
El氣電e Faun (Tom): They zoom
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Pretty bachelors of the arts is how I read that
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no i dont have onea those
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you're got a pretty Assiciate's though <:pew:543202259085950996>
