Aldus Larian (Jess): Everytime we do a mailing my coworker asks "does the stamp go in the top right corner?"
Aldus Larian (Jess): And I'm like <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like have you SEEN a piece of mail?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I remember 2nd grade when we learned to address a letter. Good times...
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like I know mail isn't used alot anymore but most people know where a stamp goes right?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Unless you're the Weasleys
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _no wonder theyre poor theyre spending so much feckin money on stamps_
Aldus Larian (Jess): gotta make sure
Bill: Huh.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): o huh
Bill: She’s from Florida. But I guess he got a girlfriend.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill: I mean, I don’t care either and debating unfriending when I see posts from him *cause he was mean to Mawisa*. But. Huh.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): speaking of mean to marisa, has hunter been any nicer to her?
Aldus Larian (Jess): "what was that? were you finally getting something done? Time to interrupt and throw you completely off!"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You'd think that if a customer wants cable assemblies quoted, they'd specify, you know, the actual cable and terminals to use...
Bill: Seven is so sad.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he sure is
Bill: *don't reschedule the meeting 5 minutes into the meeting*
Bill: UGH
Aldus Larian (Jess): Did you mean: my daily life?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): customer just called asking for an update on their order. checked the tracking. *it was delivered yesterday*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): probably just didn't make its way to who it needs to go to but still...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have 2.25 hours left of work but I'm just so burnt out
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): same
Aldus Larian (Jess): I had a meeting at 2 which just got rescheduled to 2:30  🙃
Bill: 2 to 3:30 <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I would have perfered that 2:30 is my lunch time and I wanna get out of this place for a half hour
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoo finally getting out of here for 30 mins
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Omg
Elfriede Faun (Tom): What have you been so busy on
Aldus Larian (Jess): Stuff that bill waits till my lunch time to need
Aldus Larian (Jess): So I do nothing all morning but then around 1-2 he's like "baaaah urgent!" "Meetings!'
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ofc
Elfriede Faun (Tom): You've just been quiet so i figured you super busy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well all morning I was doing curriculum actually
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah the boring shit
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Damn
Aldus Larian (Jess): Then from 12-2 I did nothing
Aldus Larian (Jess): Then at 2 he pushed meeting to 2:30 cuz no one around for phones
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yesterday I didn't take lunch at all cuz at at 1 he started freaking out about changes to a mailer that needed to be done immediately
Aldus Larian (Jess): I would have been done with the curriculum stuff yesterday but I kept getting pulled away and it's one of those tasks that's takes alot of concentration so it takes me awhile to get back in groove
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Ughhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): Some old dude on a bike almost just crashed cuz he had to check me out in my car
N🆗ri (Marisa): Hot
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Omg
Elfriede Faun (Tom): BOOK BROKEN HIP
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ommggg
Aldus Larian (Jess): Boss: "so think about that tonight"
Me: *lol*
