Bill: I did a comparison to a photo from around a year ago... can kinda see a change, and it’s the same posing cause selfies...
Aldus Larian (Jess): They're fixing that hole in the wall so I get to listen to banging all day
Bill: Should have brought your seven headphones.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I did
Aldus Larian (Jess): It won't matter though I can  still feel it
Bill: *oof*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea it's like kinda under me and this building is very not structuraly sound
Bill: rip. I brought a command strip to use for my phone dock in the office, since the sticky base is gone.
Bill: it didn't stick to the desk at all.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok 45 mins later and InDesign is finally open. Can I go home now
Bill: wazzat?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Program for laying out books and other multipage publications
N🆗ri (Marisa): My sister called and told me to be at her house tonight the same time I teach. <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Aldus Larian (Jess): welp guess she waitin
Aldus Larian (Jess): work ethic visted me for like an hour but now its gone
Bill: It better be on its way here.
Bill: Productivity:
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mood
Aldus Larian (Jess): im done
Bill: ~~Hi Done I'm Da~~what?
Aldus Larian (Jess): my old coworker brought in her baby and that completely knocked me out of productive mode
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oof just got the “call me” text from when
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ethan I mean
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yikes
Aldus Larian (Jess): new phone who dis
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): he was extremely grouchy yesterday when i messaged him about the concert >.>
Bill: I need to upgrade that Ethan auto response cause that's the statement it should trip on.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): didnt even wanna talk to me, which is rare.
Aldus Larian (Jess): hes gonns be like "BLARG I DONT WANNA DO THAT"
Bill: *well you asked people who don't like you to hold a party so take what you can get*
Bill: *the dunk tank is next*
Bill: * followed by color me mine*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i shouldve asked casey first in retrospectr
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Color me mine is the shit
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yo i wanna do that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Rocky horror is a good back up too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 👀 👀 👀
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If ethan found a way to go all alpha in a color me mine I would die
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats like pottery painting?
Bill: yup.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao that would be great
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "whats the manliest mug i can paint?"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): -breaks mug- THIS
Bill: And don't doubt Ethan's ability to make it VERY CLEAR he's TOTALLY NOT compensating for something.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~hes like the embodiment of toxic masculinity~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "ew pink, im NOT using that sissy color"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "i only need black and red"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Black and dark black
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): -paints 'fuck this' on mug-
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Actually his colors are black and purple
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh EXCUSE ME
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~*why the heck am i on chocowaffos close friends list*~~
Bill: Because the term means nothing to her?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she....privately messaged me on both FB *and* insta to ask me to please add her on facebook
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:5142_then_perish:554720548274569246>
Aldus Larian (Jess): oof
Bill: Ignore 👏 the 👏 bitch 👏
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok, now *that* is over the top...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wow and I thought I came on too strong
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What’d she say
Bill: You?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah I thought I came on strong about wanting to be friends with people but that’s a whole nother level
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The bus man closed the doors as I was trying to get on <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont understand how people can work here for months and still cant navigate the server
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:5142_then_perish:554720548274569246>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *hahah* 😬
Bill: You don’t come on too strong...
Bill: You do tend to attract people tho.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hahah 👉😅
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Weird interaction
Bill: ?
Aldus Larian (Jess): oof
Bill: It’s okay. Off cons that’s a good thing and it’s a good thing half the time at cons. Tis how BNE happened. And the other half of the time I’ll t pose at the Hazel cosplayer till he leaves.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You don’t tell someone you sent a friend request, you let them deny it without bringing it up
Bill: Yuuuuup
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats the thing though
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she didnt even send a friend request
Bill: She’s awkward.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): she just messaged me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): twice
Bill: ~~and just wants fucking attention~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): to try and guilt me into sending her one
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): which im absolutely not doing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I bet if you don’t do it she’s gonna take it o ersonally
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh well
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): then perish
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): /shrug
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:5142_then_perish:554720548274569246>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Her story later: SOMEONE (LIPSTICKGIRAFFE) IS SO MEAAAAN
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): woNT FRienD mE on BOoKfACE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She’s so much drama idk how her fiancée does it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He’s nice I talked to him
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Down to earth guy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I feel like this is similar to Hunter's interaction with her
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): messaging on multiple platforms resulting in blocking her resulting in drama starting for no reason
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *bUlLyInG*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I heard something similar yeah
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _not accepting my friend request is ***bullying***_
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooffff noo omg
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *not friend requesting me when I told you you didn't have to*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lmaoooo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She’s so much drama man
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I think she’s fake nice but I can’t tell
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like said it’s shocking cause Stephen is a quiet guy, and he’s pretty modest and no drama
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He just likes makin his props and supporting people
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really hope she didn't guilt or pressure him into getting engaged so quickly
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They got engaged pretty quick, 8 months in
Aldus Larian (Jess): the react is cuz i have also had that thought
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like damn long distance too, I ain’t shaming long distance but there’s things you don’t realize from doing it
Aldus Larian (Jess): and then they moved in together whoowiee
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh shit they're long distance? where's he from?
Aldus Larian (Jess): after only meeting in person like 3 times?
Aldus Larian (Jess): they live together now, she wasnt OG living in CO i think?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ..... that poor man
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): shes so much ...all the time
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): how the hell does he do it
Aldus Larian (Jess): i... dont know
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think she's from CO and he must have moved because he's originally from Minnesota
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and then lived in Iowa
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo maybe thats it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He moved to Texas, then she moved from Colorado to join him
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and now Colorado
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh wow he was previously married according to Facebook
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Facebook damn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 8 months is so smol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’ve known Noah just under 8 months and can’t imagine it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I know he surprised her because he sent me a message about it making sure the RWBY shoot was still going when they got there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Clearly he knows her well enough to know that she would like a very public engagement
N🆗ri (Marisa): is this also ethan?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nah Ethan’s proposal was a joke from the start
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *she likes attention so public engagement definitely fits that criteria*
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeeeep
N🆗ri (Marisa): ooo chocowaffle? her friend request is also sitting in my notifications
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oooof
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I've been ignoring her Facebook friend request
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Omg has everyone
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~ye~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: I accepted. I was the guenia pig to find out she’s fake as fuck. And I I friended her cause I don’t give a shit what she thinks.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I accepted cause I talked to her and her mans for a bit at RTX
Bill: Mm. I assumed she was friending me because of you.
Bill: Which is like... 40% of con people.
Bill: Any of the people who acknowledge my existence and do so without mentioning you in the first two sentences I like. 

Lol it’s like when a girl says “My boyfriend” in the first thing she says to dissuade a fuck boi from talking to her. Gotta be interested despite it. ~~my freshman RA said that happened to him a lot~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): This is such a mood...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah if I had met Noah when hal and I were still together one of my first sentences would’ve been “my boyfriend is a musician too”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It signals to the other person subliminally that if they’re a fuckboi they’re wasting their time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Technically it’s the polite thing to do
Aldus Larian (Jess): thts my face all day everyday at work
Bill: Mhmm.
Bill: I used to find it annoying cause I don’t like it assumed I’m a fuck boi but. I barely talk to people and I’m not the norm. Cons have taught me that.
Bill: Necessary evil.
N🆗ri (Marisa): every boy is that kind of boi until proven otherwise
Bill: I see why that assumption is needed but I don't have to like that I need to be vetted as human being.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i kinda consider it a courteousy almost
Bill: It is. I'm not arguing the validity of it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont like say it without a reason but if theres a chance to mention it i will incase hes looks for a girlfriend
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont automatically think "fucboi" but i think "guy seeking girl"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah ^^^^
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I assume most guys approach with flirty intentions until proven otherwise
Bill: mhmm.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And the boyfriend comment separates the flirters from those just seeking a friend
N🆗ri (Marisa): if that boundary isn't made at the first meeting and they find out later they can get weirdly aggressive and rude, even if you didn't think they were coming on to you
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ^^^^^
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea which is duuumb
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yep
Aldus Larian (Jess): it also brings up the fact that some guys only respect other guys "property"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Especially when you’re just tryna be friendly and they take it as “she wants me”
Bill: I just, don't do that. A woman can be pretty but why would I want to flirt (assuming I even know how) with her only to find out she's a bitch? So I just don't like it cause it's not a necessary filter for me and I don't want to be associated with people who only are interested in a woman for her looks.
Aldus Larian (Jess): like if u say "im not interested" they're like"wut why" but if youre like "i have a bf" theyre like "oh ok
N🆗ri (Marisa): Even though not everyone is bad, enough people are that it’s a necessary screening process for everyone
Bill: Yeah.
Bill: I'm aware.
Aldus Larian (Jess): and if its not necessary for you then theres no reason to be offended by it cuz it doesnt apply
Bill: I'm not offended really, cause I understand the purpose and need. I just don't like that it needs to be a thing.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I shouldn’t have to be
Bill: Nope.
Aldus Larian (Jess): alot of behaviors women have relate to our need to protect ourselves unfortunately
Bill: Groundbreaking concepts, talking to a woman as a person and not a sex object. I'm teaching a panel at the next con.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That cosplay dating one had so much potential
Aldus Larian (Jess): idealy no it would have to be a thing but thats not the reality 😭
Bill: I'm not judging the behavior... I'm sharing how it also affects me negatively.
Bill: ~~though I probably need to start bailing on friendship with girls in relationships cause if *I get one more great couple friend I'mma die*~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t think I pulled the boyfriend card on you bill? But I was all over hal so
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess I figured everyone at the con knew lol
Bill: No you didn't.
Bill: Zenkai you weren't official though, it was still fuzzy.
Bill: I wasn't sure you were a couple till we saw Kiki.
Bill: At Next I had the inclination, but *I choose not to assume any guy you acted close with was a boyfriend cause repecc women.*
Bill: <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah hal and I weren’t official then either
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WHOOPS
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But basically dating
Bill: The modern definition of dating is bullshit~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ryan sat us both down and told us to embrace our feelings
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Love that tol gay
Bill: He's a good boi.
Bill: I think he's *very* perceptive too.
Bill: I have my theories.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s not really the modern definition it’s that everyone has a different definition cause there is no modern definition
Bill: *All I know is mine is incompatible with everyone elses*
N🆗ri (Marisa): How do you define it then?
Bill: Eh. tldr a date is a date. "talking" is just hanging out. My real problem is I developed friendship with people before I fell for them in the past, and that seems to take me out of 'dateable' as a category. I'm *not* saying friend zone (cause I know Jess doesn't like the term) just that the way I develop feelings is different than anyone I asked out.
Bill: I do believe most people use looks as basis and I'm handicapped in that case so. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: That's not a judgement either. To each their own.
Bill: To be clear.
Bill: Also afk
N🆗ri (Marisa): It’s more common for people to fall for people they already know than for new dates they just met. That’s why people usually don’t go straight to officially dating after their first meeting.
Bill: Oh that request didn't take long.
Aldus Larian (Jess): talking it the world people use to encompass the undefinable point in a relationship where youve been flirting and talking everyday, but havent sat dowwn and defined it yet, neither has asked the other to be their boyfriend or girlfriend yet.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ive used it
N🆗ri (Marisa): Talking can be a date, literally anything can be a date it doesn’t have to be something special. To you a date is a date, but when you meet someone new consider they might think that any time together is a date. Or they may also think a dates a date.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i hadnt hung out with tom, or been on a date but we were "talking" all day everyday and i was pretty sure he liked me back
Bill: Maybe I can't recognize flirting then. I doubt I've *ever* been flirted with so can't see it directed at me and while Kellner said *I* was a flirt once I dunno. It apparently isn't very good if I am.
N🆗ri (Marisa): omg yeah I think tom likes you. We should ask him
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:swag:555586684939665421>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): omg Tom has a crush on Jess
Bill: Allison's description of a date was the best tbh, I'll never forget it. It is the first time you hung out together, decided after you actually become a couple, in which both of you acknowledge you had feelings for the other. So the *entirety* of your dating is decided retroactively once you're actually together.
Aldus Larian (Jess): :D!
Bill: Otherwise what would be counted as date is just talking.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the defining of a relationship is going to vary from person to person
Bill: yup. I mean once you're saying your dating.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the "first date" can be a formal date (especially with dating sites) or it can be defined after the relationship is defined
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's pretty good for a definition
Bill: you go back and retroactively say "Did you like me when we went to the beach" "no okay, how about the museum?" "oh I liked you then too okay first date it's decided."
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): relationships are complicated, feelings are complicated. i personally just go in for the kill when i like someone and just straight up say it to them and see how they feel about that. if you get rejected -shrug- life goes on. but never ever take friendship for granted either.
Aldus Larian (Jess): like the first time i hung out with tom would have been at scool, thats not our first date tho
Bill: And if they didn't get together, ALL of those would have been talking which I find hilarious.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): dates aren't everything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): To me interested is when there’s interest and flirting but the two don’t talk about it, talking is open flirtation and acknowledged feelings, and dating is when it’s official
Bill: Hesitation is certainly the enemy Leanna. 👍
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah our first date was prob the observatory I think
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But like said EVERYONE has diff definitions
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Or whatever you call that
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats what i consider it
N🆗ri (Marisa): I don’t think that’s how the first date is defined unless both parties think that way. It could be the first thing you do after being official
And yeah dates are basically just hanging out in a fancy way
Aldus Larian (Jess): but we hung out twice the weekend before that at our houses
Bill: Like I said, I find the definition amusing how she described it.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Trueeee
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Man I had so much anxiety back then, woww just thinking about it gives me anxiety
Aldus Larian (Jess): its all very arbitrary
Bill: yup.
Bill: That's why I find it funny.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but I dont think thats a new thing
Bill: Also annoying, cause I'm a very organized, calculated person and arbitrary feelings based stuff is annoying.
Aldus Larian (Jess): feelings are complicated, they always have been
Bill: I'm not saying it is, just that Allison's description was really good.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeeet
Aldus Larian (Jess): your qualm is with the "modern definition of dating" though
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dates are arbitrary too ya
Aldus Larian (Jess): but i dont think thats changed all that much, just names have changed
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's all still the same, we just have computers
Aldus Larian (Jess): "courting" "dating" "going steady" "talking"
Bill: I'm not trying to dig deep at the moment so...
Bill: I was only answering Marisa's question.
Bill: I'd like to actually get something done at work, not do a Deep Dive Session ™
N🆗ri (Marisa): put on your scuba gear
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): >.>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): https://tenor.com/view/sponge-bob-thumbs-up-ok-smile-gif-12038157
Bill: what. You can keep talking about it? And I'll still chime in?
Bill: I'm just not in the mood to psycho analyze myself for the 100th time in the last year to just end up disappointed with where I'm at right now. >.>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I was just trying to help you get some perspective on it
Bill: Mhmm. I understand. I'm not like, mad here?
Bill: You know for a fact that I can lose an entire afternoon if I start really looking into my feelings on a subject.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea just feels like your bailing on the conversation cuz you dont like whats being said
Bill: And right now I wanna work, rather than dig like that. And it's a gloomy day, I'm already kinda sad mood wise and when it comes to dating as a topic my mood's only going to get worse.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok sorry
Bill: There's nothing good to find if I think about it. 😅
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Dating and feelings are complicated and stressful. The biggest mood is "hanging out" with someone and having that anxiety of figuring out if you're actually on a date or not
Bill: Nah, I'm not bailing cause I don't like whats said. I know all this stuff. I've been through the cycle where I develop feelings one way and the other person develops their feelings another way, so we aren't in sync. It's cause people and their definitions are different. 

The deep dive is do I have to change who I am to conform if I don't want to die alone or do I hope somehow some way I meet someone with a similar inclination to developing feelings? Neither of which I like as options, so no divey thank.
Bill: I never assume I'm on a date. It's probably because I've had no self esteem in my personality most my life and certainly am not attracting anyone with my looks, but I also chalk that up to wanting to approach it that way from the start so I'm going to *say* it is.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~play the numbers game~~
Bill: ~~takes two to tango and I can't even find one~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You ain’t playin the numbers game
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~what's the numbers game~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Meet more people means more likely to click with someone
Bill: Like, oof, what if you brought flowers thinking it's a date and she's like 'oh that's awkward'. That's why it's easier to be like "I wanna take you out properly".
N🆗ri (Marisa): buying flowers comes after it's official that's how u don't mess it up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If it’s a date she’s gonna say it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you can always...ask
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): being open and communicative is important
Bill: I'm saying I would.
Bill: Oh wait you're replying to Erik.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): no im replying  to everyone. it doesnt have to be a guessing game
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you literally can just go "hey, is this a date?"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): or  "would you like to go on a date?"
Bill: Yeah. I'm not ambiguous.
Bill: I wanna take her out on date, I'm saying that.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): because leaving things up for interpretation just causes frustration and confusion
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ^
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and no one can read minds
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): not directed at you bill btw
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): just in general
Bill: *How dear Georgia*. Most of us do not get asked out leaving Physics class. I have multiple married women in my office. I would not date an IBMer cause client contractor relationship would be weird. At cons I meet couples or lesbeans, period. I have dating profiles and I've never matched once. Hell, Erik doesn't match on bumble and he's pretty dang good looking. <:pew:543202259085950996> We go out together over here in sussex, no one comes up and talks to us cause most people don't do that unless it's a *guy* hitting on a *girl* and I'm more introverted than that (which makes me wonder if being introverted is bad/negative personality trait which is fucking depressing). Not that we even see single girls when we go out really? 

When I say it takes two to tango, I mean I can't *play* if no one else wants to *play with me*.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): How many new people do you talk to at cons?
Bill: Oop sorry if that a bit harsh, I hit enter accidentally when proofreading.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you need to be more open to seeking people out and talking to others outside the friend group
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like at cons, and going out
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's why you keep meeting people.
talk to more people. talk to people at your photography meetups. go to workshops at cons and talk to people there while learning a new skill, or people at meetups.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i told you to say hi to that girl we knew used to have a crush on you in highschool and you refused~~
Bill: Who?
Bill: and when?
N🆗ri (Marisa): is it really that you never meet any single women ever, or is it that you just don't notice them?
Aldus Larian (Jess): danielle? at applebees
Bill: Danielle?
Bill: She has a boyfriend.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh ok
Bill: She got one right after that time we saw her in the movie theatre, right around when I said to myself 'hey she was nice in high school what's she up to'.
Bill: Although at Applebees it was cause she was with her mom I didn't say hi.
Bill: That's awkward.
Bill: ~~and I don't think you actually told me this~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i did
Bill: and extroverts, talking to people doesn't come easily to everyone. If it's supposed to, I guess I have a *huge glaring personality flaw* by being introverted.
Aldus Larian (Jess): guess i do too
Aldus Larian (Jess): and half the people here and half the people in the world
Aldus Larian (Jess): its not a negative personality trait
Aldus Larian (Jess): introvert doesnt mean "never talk to anyone"
Bill: I don't think being introverted is a personality flaw. But the way the world works you apparently have to go out and be extroverted to meet people so it certainly feels like I can't be satisfied by my introverted nature?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You don’t have to be extroverted to meet people
Bill: I have to change something about myself that I don't really want to (I like my close friends, as I'll tell you when I'm drunk) in that scenario so it's not something that makes me excited.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But you have to meet people to date people
N🆗ri (Marisa): you don't have to change yourself
N🆗ri (Marisa): you may be trying too hard. y'know that saying about how people who are trying to get into a relationship have the hardest time, and the people not looking always fall into one.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i'm going to be brutally honest for one second.

Bill, when we are at cons you tend to hover around georgia (as well as the rest of the smaller aurii group), but mostly georgia. You take photos of her specifically, and put a whole lot of effort into your interactions with her. 

and i know ya'll are close, but i think other girls who may be single around..... don't even give you a single glance because it seems like you and georgia are together, or like you only have eyes for her. 

that makes it hard for anyone to approach you unless they already know you. 

I think maybe in the future, try talking to more people at rwby gatherings besides us? or at other photoshoots? because there are plenty of single girls around, you just need to make yourself open to them. Being an introvert is hard when it comes to this, but if you are already in your element doing photography, it should be easier for you to have an open conversation about it or something related.
Bill: Spicy take I like it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im really sorry if that came off rude
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i tried to word it the best i could
Bill: Good on you for saying what you feel straight up.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): -anxious finger guns-
Aldus Larian (Jess): i gotta go to a meeting but leannas completely right, bbl
Bill: Yeah I'm sure that was an anxious thing to type out, that's why I'm saying I *like* it.
Bill: I won't fault you for saying your feelings.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My honest hot take is that you need to stop being so hard on yourself when it comes to your looks. You may not think you're attractive, but I guarantee someone else out there does.
Bill: I won't deny any of that either. Except that anyone might actually look at me wondering if I'm single. I don't think I have the looks for people to look at me like that, not yet.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Or will
Bill: oop lol I proved your point.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i second what erik says too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If you meet people saying “hi I’m shit” that’s what they’re gonna think, you gotta fake it til you make it
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye! you can meet other girls like you met georgia. and it goes seem like you hover around her most of the time, that's why a lot of people seem to associate you and her. i can see how people may easily assume you're not interested in meeting people.

but ye you aren't gross looking. you're far from it, you gotta see some gross people.
Bill: ~~Georgia met me not the other way around =P~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): this comic came to mind
Bill: I remember seeing that one.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i think building your self confidence is a good step
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): because you genuinely are not ugly, and youre fun to be around, and you have a lot of good traits but you seem to always look down on yourself
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you gotta find the good things about yourself, find things you like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): confidence is attractive
Bill: That's what I'm doing now. Conventional attractiveness is a thing though folks. I hate to break it to you. There are certainly people who look past it to see *the true person on the inside* but that's far and few in between unfortunately. And being more conventionally attractive is a self confidence booster so hence the drive to improve.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): youre not conventionally UNattractive though
Bill: correct. I don't think I'm that unattractive.
Bill: But I'm not ATTractive.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and thats where self confidence needs to be built
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): STOP SAYIN YA BORING
Bill: If you find a way to just tell someone to have a personality trait and get it, let me know. I can't just wish myself confidence anymore than someone can wish themselves without anxiety.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): no but its a think to work on
Aldus Larian (Jess): stop saying you're the "ugly one"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its not just something people have
Bill: Which I am.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): no youre not
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And another thing I've noticed in my experience is that looks may be what draws someone in, but personality and "fun-ness" to be around can make someone even more attractive. Like, I've befriended people who I may not have found super attractive looks-wise when I first met them, but getting to know them and hanging out with them, you start to forget about their looks and they become more attractive through their personality and how much you enjoy being with them
Bill: That true Erik.
Bill: 100%.
Bill: I just said improving my looks is for my self confidence. You'd be surprised how much better I already feel with what I've lost.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats great!
Bill: Especially starting from the *quite depressed* state I was in before the new year.
Bill: So yes, I am working on it. It's a process, not a switch.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i'm glad you are slowly gaining more confidence in yourself then
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): then youre already on it, so ignore me, keep doing you, keep building that
Bill: I'm not going to ignore you and again praise you for sayin it like you feel.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Cause I've recently found that hiding feelings is actually pretty fucking harmful to your mood.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh yea, it definitely is
Bill: Gotta hold true to who you are and what you feel, and even if others disagree you'll know you're being your true self.
Bill: Having enough confidence to beat the fact that in multiple attempts at asking someone out I was rejected (in recent memory twice wanted to be friends and one started ghosting me till we weren't friends anymore) takes time though. That track record is a real downer.
Bill: Nor does it change the fact 9/10 girls at cons are LGBTQ. But bettering myself is the only thing I can actually do for myself, by myself, which I have control over which is why I do so.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): a lot of girls are bi though
N🆗ri (Marisa): being bi/pan doesn't make someone not interested in guys ye
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but rejection sucks. but it happens. and theres like 8 billion other people in the world, you just gotta get out there and meet them.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Failure is not an option!
Bill: Failure is not a choice.
Bill: You try, and you fail if you fail.
Bill: No one chooses failure.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s not failure until you give up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You fail when you stop trying
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Rejection isn’t failure
Bill: Failure is failure. Standing up after failure is another thing.
Bill: the 8 million fish in the sea argument is bullshit, it's not a comfort. I don't care how many wonderful people there are in the world, that doesn't help me in my world.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it does if you talk to them
Bill: A comedian did a full bit trashing it and he was entirely right.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i don't think a lot of people realize how many people exist in this world
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Your pessimism will get you nowhere
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ok yea ill add that. introvert is not inherently a bad trait, however pessimism doesnt come across well unless you find someone just as pessimistic as you.... and tbh thats not exactly a healthy dynamic
N🆗ri (Marisa): my high school had two thousand people. zenkaikon has six thousand people. otakon has ~25k. and those are barely even droplets in the bucket of humanity.
N🆗ri (Marisa): how many of those people at zenkai/ota did you talk to
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): New York has MILLIONS
Bill: I do not like the phrase specifically.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'm imagining zenkaikon consisting of three thousand lesbians and it's kind of scary
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:thenflourish:564838295108976680>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Are you acknowledging the role your pessimism plays tho
Bill: I thought it was Aziz Anzari who did the bit, it was not I don't think.
Bill: And I can't be watching netflix specials at work cause *I've already lost the afternoon of work like I was concerned about*.
Bill: https://sdl-stickershop.line.naver.jp/stickershop/v1/sticker/13010911/android/sticker.png;compress=true
Bill: As for pessimism, when I do start talking to people I don’t open with “I don’t understand modern dating”. In case you thought that. As stated I’ve had a lot of rejection and no successes so yeah, I’m just a bit down on the topic of dating and myself. I’d love to say I can ignore that but you can only be heartbroken so many times in a row before you want a win. It’s a slow heal that’ll come with more self confidence, but I can’t really deny my expectations are low as hell cause if I wasn’t good enough before nothings changed now, or the thought that it’s not them, or chance, but me that’s behind the rejection.
Bill: Anyway I was *not* looking to lead into *any* of this from a comment on my douchey freshman RA but. Thanks all, apparently you had a lot to say.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ditto to what everyone said sorry i had to duck out to get yelled at an emotionally chagrined old man for 1.5 hours and then get accused of being "too emotional"
Aldus Larian (Jess): i almost lost it my guys
Aldus Larian (Jess): i did lose it a little
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): omg that's awful 😦
Aldus Larian (Jess): i also havent eaten lunch cuz said meeting was scheduled for durig my lunch
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm so sorry
Bill: ~~but I thought you said you had to duck out~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I am "too easily offended"
Bill: Also Bill is a dick.
Bill: Maybe he'll die soon.
Aldus Larian (Jess): he said this after getting enormosly offended at every opinion that wasnt his
Aldus Larian (Jess): literally yelling and waving his hands around and slamming them on the table for an hour
Aldus Larian (Jess): but i take one comment that was yelled at me the "wrong way" and im "easily offended"
Bill: *You fucking millenials*
Aldus Larian (Jess): then he says "i dont get mad"
Bill: God he's such a dick he's legit a meme.
Aldus Larian (Jess): YOU ARE MAD LITERALLY EVERY SECOND OF THE DAY
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~i didnt know ethan was your boss~
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea right
Bill: I'm her boss <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): i told him i wasnt offended he wanted to go a different direction just mad that he changed the direction so many times and could explain what he wanted
Aldus Larian (Jess): im so done right now thank god i have off tomorrow this is the thrisd time in 4 days hes fucked up my lunch time
Aldus Larian (Jess): at least my mystic meme post is doing well on insta
Bill: woo!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yay for memes!
Bill: Oh no now I’m going to *think* on the walk to the ferry.
Aldus Larian (Jess): this whole not being able to eat lunch thing is great for my diet tho
Bill: ... yeah now I need a drink.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~mood~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): except id prob be drunk instantly rn
Bill: You can drink at home. I’m not doing even if I can cause then my parents’ll ask questions.
Aldus Larian (Jess): o rly?
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG he just came in here to ask if i was mad at him XD
Bill: Well yeah I’d be out of the ordinary.
Aldus Larian (Jess): like even just a beer?
Bill: And I’ve been tired getting home the last few days and testy so they’re probably already wondering what’s up with me.
Bill: And as much as I love em I don’t really want to talk romance problems with them cause they’re incredibly out of touch being a married couple of 25+ years.
Aldus Larian (Jess): mood
Aldus Larian (Jess): im already out of touch
Bill: Yes but you acknowledge it. My mother thinks all I need to do is go to fucking church and I’ll be married to some girl there.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Bill: Which is ridiculous, since the one time I met her at a game night, mom and the pastor had a lovely discussion about me being a weird as fuck kid in front of her and *thats not how you impress anyone*
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOF
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats not ok
Bill: I mean, I get why she was talking about it cause Serena has a weird as fuck kid (on spectrum) and Mom was giving her advice as a parent to parent. I don’t mind. But then don’t insist I talk to the girl also listening.
Bill: Actually just tell those stories when I’m not around thanks. She’s really pissed Katy off doing that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaaa
Bill: Sigh. I need a break. From. Life I guess.
Bill: Or I need to catch a break haha lol <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tyler says the jewish places really like to set people up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and theyre all about talking and learning more about each other as a form of communication
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i would love to say stereotypes arent true, but ive gone to the jewish friday dinners, its very true
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if they flirtin, they say it by asking for your life story
N🆗ri (Marisa): Passover is this weekend it’s prime jewish family dinner time if you don’t mind sitting through a 5+ hour dinner sermon
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it sounds weird but may be something to consider
Bill: What?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Sometimes they hide a piece of matzah for kids and you can stretch your legs while pushing aside small children in an attempt to find the matzah first and be crowned Passover champion
And then listen to two hours about how parsley represents the bitter tears of the suffering
N🆗ri (Marisa): ma neeshtana halayla chazed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like tyler goes to these jewish dinners at the rutgers hillel house and they always try to set him up with a girl there
Bill: Oh. Yeah no. That’s weird and awkward to me.
Bill: And I’m not trying to find anyone at the moment. Just focusing on my self, improvement and *got forbid having a modicum of control over my emotions*.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I still get emails from Rowan’s hillel if u want a hook up
N🆗ri (Marisa): Or that’s cool too <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): You doing anything for Passover mawisa.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Ye I’ve got a few seders to attend rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): Do you get food?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): FREE FOOD WOO
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yeah! Lots of food but it takes eternity
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisa gonna eat thank God
N🆗ri (Marisa): You gotta hear about blood and sacrifice for about 4 hours first
N🆗ri (Marisa): Yeah we are gonna thank god!! That’s what the Seder is for!!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA!
N🆗ri (Marisa): We need matzah
N🆗ri (Marisa): I couldn’t find any anywhere in japan or on Japanese amazon
Aldus Larian (Jess): My parents used to buy matza
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Matza peanut butter and jelly yo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Actually matzah and pork chops, and insects with non-hinged legs
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The biggest meal abomination
N🆗ri (Marisa): Matzah and pork chops is sacrilegious omg jews can’t eat pork
N🆗ri (Marisa): You take a bite and immediately die
