Nokri (Marisa): The power went off ;A; even though we made sure the TV and air conditioner were off and only used the microwave for 2 minutes
El🆓de Faun (Tom): NOOOO, was it the circuit?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Is it the storm?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah something on the circuit must’ve tripped, there’s no storm here right now
Nokri (Marisa): It was probably the microwave but we took all the usual precautions
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Hmm wierd a microwave should be enough to blow the circuit
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That must be a smol fuse
Nokri (Marisa): it's fixed!
the microwave will make the power go out if it's used while the TV and/or the air is on, because it's plugged in with an extension cord that's attached to that side of the house, so we have to turn everything off when using it
Nokri (Marisa): and when we use the TV we have to unplug the microwave
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Bill: How well known is the abbreviation TESOL <@!301927856240459777> ?
Bill: Like, we talking people use it but don't know what it stands for like USB, or are we talking no one knows what the fuck TESOL is.
Bill: ~~I didn't~~
Nokri (Marisa): People in the education/linguistics field know what it is
Bill: I'm wondering if it's better to have the full name on the resume so file scanners will have more to match against. I'm thinking so.
Nokri (Marisa): Maybe on jobs that aren’t related to that field <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: gimme a short list of other things you've sewn, that aren't clothing.
Bill: (if there are any)
Nokri (Marisa): Pillows, pillow covers, hair accessories, doilies, hats (that’s clothes tho right), dolls (mostly bears, people, dragons, cats, dogs, fish, deer, pigs, sheep, Pokémon, and birds), bags, backpacks, baskets, furniture covers, bedsheets, curtains, dice bags eyy, dragon/animal tails (for kids to look silly), animal ears, book covers, wine bottle covers, weave caps, hammocks, shoe holders, bows, keychains, teru teru bozu, uhhhh probably more but is that enough
Nokri (Marisa): If it can be made of fabric I’ve probably attempted it
Nokri (Marisa): Bed and Christmas tree skirts
Bill: too long 😛
Nokri (Marisa): It’s not really sewing but I embroidered initials onto like 100 handkerchiefs 
O
Bill: *Hammocks*
Bill: *what*
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah but I made them for dolls. We ran out of room for BoJo’s Pokémon collection so I made a hammock for them (like 25 pikachus) and attached it to the ceiling.
Nokri (Marisa): It’s netting on the bottom so you can see them from underneath
Bill: approximately how many years have you been tutoring languages?
Nokri (Marisa): Uhhhhhh French in high school and Japanese at Rowan so. 2010-2011?
Bill: And if you've tutored other things, approx how much of that
Nokri (Marisa): <:woah:543194447345876998> uhhhh idk I don’t keep track of that stuff
Bill: I mean like, over all time. 5 years experience, 10 years experience...
Nokri (Marisa): 9 years? But it was like. Kiddy tutoring.
Nokri (Marisa): Not very formal. At Rowan I’d make Mystic Messenger breaks because I got all the girls I was tutoring hooked on it
Bill: Doesn't matter. You have experience in it.
Nokri (Marisa): Where can I put “100%’d mystic messenger”
Bill: what exactly do have knowledge of in Chinese/Romanian? Basic conversational?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah I can introduce myself, ask about the weather or how a person is. Ask if I could please have some eggs. That’s it
Bill: And you can do more than that in Spanish, Hebrew, and French.
Nokri (Marisa): Ye a little more in Hebrew and increasingly more in Spanish and French
Bill: accurate?
Bill: If there are any skill areas in sociology or international studies you can add a blurb on that make you stand out, those would be good additions. For example, I have which programming languages I know as an individual skill area, rather than saying "I'm proficient in programming". Things like that.
Bill: ~~I'm not finishing this now, don't stress it and do your con prep, but things to think about~~
Nokri (Marisa): Tailoring nowadays is usually specific to altering clothes that already exist, it doesn’t really mean making clothes anymore. 
Reading all that feels like it isn’t me <:thinku:543194478614413318> sounds like someone else it’s freaky
Bill: It's all in how you phrase it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Bill: Better word then Tailoring?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Seamstressing?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk if that's a word
Bill: I'm not sure it can be made a verb lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye
Nokri (Marisa): Macgyvering
Nokri (Marisa): Special skills: 
Can sit through all of Gone with the Wind without an intermission 
Can open old locks with a hair pin
Can sometimes change a lightbulb all by herself
Nokri (Marisa): Sometimes
Bill: unrelated, catch me being too worried about spontaneously passing out to drink at CCE
Bill: 😭
Nokri (Marisa): Good thing you won’t be drinking
Bill: Actually concerned about it though. Both not being able to enjoy drinks, and by proxy the whole thing not being a fluke.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Maybe call you doctor and see what they think?
Bill: Mom said they wouldn't have let me leave the office if they saw anything wrong on the echocardiogram and  I'd know by now if they found anything on the halter monitor.
Bill: I am probably doing it all to myself tbh
Bill: ... It'll be fine. I'll be with people, which is going to have me too busy enjoying myself to notice if my heart rate is high or something to start worrying, and we all but confirmed a high heart rate isn't an indicator for the blood pressure drop at all.
Bill: Just gotta convince my subconscious of that.
Nokri (Marisa): omg i sewed a trident once can i put that on my resume
Nokri (Marisa): it's like 4' big
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I didn't really do anything to commemorate the anniversary of 9/11 so now here I am, depressing myself for the past hour watching clips and news coverage on YouTube. Lot of stuff I haven't seen before
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I heard on the radio that the majority of armed forced don't actually remember 9/11
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye they too young. I watch a compilation of people calling thier husbands and wives and stuff and saying goodbye and cried like a baby
El🆓de Faun (Tom): :'(
Aldus Larian (Jess): I remember it but like barely? I was at school, for some reason we turned all the lights off? We used to do that when it was hot so idk maybe it was just that. They didn't tell us anything I don't think. People's parents were coming to pick them up but my parents were at work so I took the bus. When I got home my mom had gotten home from work and tried to explain what happened but I had never been to the city so I didn't get it. My brother went to school in New York state so I thought something had happened at his school until my mom explained again. We watched the news all day which was weird cuz my parents never watch the news. My best friend was upset cuz her Gramma used to used to bring her there alot before she died. Which obviously isn't a big deal but for a seven year old it makes sense. I remember being very confused about it
Nokri (Marisa): I’m so sad again today for some reason. I’m trying to chipper up but if I can’t I absolutely promise not to bring the mood down at the con
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Nah it's okay fam, if you down you down, but I hope you feel better soon
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Marisa I've been feeling awful lately too and have been pretty off, so dont worry itll be both of us sad beans
Nokri (Marisa): mope room mope room!
