Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think my battery replacement kit got lost into the ether
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): still no updates on tracking
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just emailed USPS customer service so we'll see
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): This drawing just gave me a brain aneurysm
Aldus Larian (Jess): NEW GUYS A WEEB
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg maybe i can actually talk to him unlike jesse
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Jess casually plays weeb music softly at her desk*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have some doodles of mine and some other characters pics hanging up on my bulieten board and he was like "are you an anime fan" and im like <:rapid:607237006539489310>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WOOOO
El🆓de Faun (Tom): New new guy?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): SalesM
El🆓de Faun (Tom): ?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so not the new guy you usually complain about? different guy?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea this is differnt guy the only i complain about is Jesse this is Rich
Aldus Larian (Jess): my boss is so dumb. 
he told jesse and rich they were going to each be presenting to some commissioner, seperatly, but the same presentation. he told them not to talk to each other about but of course they did. He gave them the guys name so they look him up and he doesnt exist he just wants to see who can give the presentation better.
Aldus Larian (Jess): like yes lying to your employees is a great motivator
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they should both make the same presentation but one is all in Comic Sans and the other in Papyrus
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): one, everything is left justified, the other right
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): one with a dark background with light text, and the other light background with dark text
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): both ending with a slide that says "thank you for wasting our time"
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG YES
Bill: I took off this morning cause my head is pounding from either not taking allergy yesterday, poor sleep, idk depression? You name it and now I’m on the couch.
Bill: Which is irrelevant.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): hope you feel better my dude
Kaio Vermino (Lee): So I was required to go to a class for my unemployment shit and coming here and sitting in class has made me remember just how bad my ADHD Is. And I'm like 5 seconds from losing my entire mind and I still have an hour left of this and am required to do a second one within 30 days and djdjjsjwhehhehdh I hate classes my head feels like its spinning
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Anyway. Vent over
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Allergies are horrid today
El🆓de Faun (Tom): And wow bills a little bitch
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Bill b
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea allergies are rough today
Nokri (Marisa): Someone’s been using my phone number for loansharks and spam stuff for years. It’s finally biting them because I just got a text with a link to verify some (probably) very important government/job information, which they won’t be getting because they keep using my number >:3c
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Bruhh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *take their job opp*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I realized I used to cry til I hyper-ventilated all the time, like it was normal but I haven't don't that in years so I barely remember what it felt like to hyperventilate 🤔 🤔 🤔
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tom, I'm leaving you
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~im jk it was a lame joke about making u cry~~
Bill: ~~Try something more believable next time, like a meteor fell on the house~~
Bill: 😛
Aldus Larian (Jess): tru
Nokri (Marisa): that happened a few years ago, we keep the meteor in a jewelry box
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Man no fun allowed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _the picture is sending wait for it_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ok Nasa WiFi sucks
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But megs complaining about being tagged in coffee wars stuff
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Lmao
Kaio Vermino (Lee): So is zombie
Kaio Vermino (Lee): no fun allowed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wtf
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Why such no fun allowed
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): anyone else feel like Zombie posts things to her story for attention? 👀
Nokri (Marisa): hunter?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no ZombieViscera
Nokri (Marisa): ooOOOo
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't follow her 😮
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah she was part of the original coffee wars thing and was complaining about people tagging her in stuff today and saying it's stupid because it's a dead meme (which like, it is, but Will, aka whitefangcosplay, was also part of it and decided to make a thing about it today since it's the anniversary and he's good dude that just wants to have fun an interact with his followers and friends and stuff) and then making even more posts about minding her own business and that she doesn't give a fuck and then goes on to retype the whole story about it again
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yeaaa shes been getting on my nerves lately
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): SAME
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): her rants have been getting really annoying
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I wondered why I didn't see her story until I remembered I muted it the other day
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yeaaa I just muted her today
Aldus Larian (Jess): I can't believe people are starting drama over a coffee meme 📸
Kaio Vermino (Lee): After she passive aggressively restated her story posts about cce after seeing my wake up call the other day
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And she was like
Kaio Vermino (Lee): "SINCE SOME PEOPLE THINK IM JUST COPYING OTHERS I WANT TO STATE THIS IS MY PERSONAL OPINION"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And then said exactly the same thing
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Like ok
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Bye lmao
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Just relax
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like the coffee thing is all in good fun
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like don’t be a jerk??
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And will is a really nice guy and some other people really enjoy it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wills good vibes about it are the best
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, I can understand not wanting to be bombarded with tags
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea dont be an asshat about people just having fun
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and politely asking not to
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea just say please dont tag me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Not “the meme is dead and no fun”
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I'm pretty sure literally the only person that tagged Zombie was Maggie (emberarendelle)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, tbh, Wawa wasn't even a big contender last year so like, I doubt many people remember that part. It's mostly between Dunkin and Starbucks
Nokri (Marisa): i haven't seen the story but maybe she's trying to make people think she's more popular than she is? like "oh i'm getting SO many tags and notifications, cut it out before my phone explodes!" kind of way?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah, that's exactly how I feel about her
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, Georgia's got 4x as many followers as her so like 🤷
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~~just continuing to weed out unimportant people from my life~~*
Nokri (Marisa): weed is illegal
Aldus Larian (Jess): people are wack
Bill: Zombie gave me.... don’t trust vibes when I shot with them.
Bill: Not red flag vibes but more like... yellow?
Bill: Eh closer to red. Orange.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s just lame pooping on people trying to have fun
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *blood orange flags*
Bill: Blood orange yeah!
Kaio Vermino (Lee): The response to Maggie was extremely rude too
Bill: I dunno how much stock you lot put on my magical gut feelings about people, but I figured I’d add it in.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It counts
Aldus Larian (Jess): she seemed v. cranky the like one time i heard her talk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's just her contant state of being
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea pretty much
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no
Bill: She also has shittons of Drama with Dan and Lanie and they’re pretty high up on my good person radar so...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah Lainy mentioned that she's on Zombie's shit list for some reason
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I believe Zombie is one of the reasons Lainy no longer feels welcome in the cosplay community
Bill: Zombie and Mist. The witch hunting brigade tried to group Lanie in with Snow.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yikes hard fucking pass
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh good im confused already
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's because you made a good decision not following people that involve themselves in con drama lol
Bill: Being a public figure in the cosplay community is nothing but trouble. 👍
Bill: Stick to your own, be open to new people in person, and feel absolutely no obligation to do more than be pleasant in person.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh yeah zombie said something about not giving out her real name and while that's fine the delivery was hoo boi
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Def red flags
Bill: Mm.
Aldus Larian (Jess): it wasnt so much that she didnt give it out it was more that she was so snippy about it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah
Bill: That I don’t fault as much personally but valid. I kinda fit the bill for bad assumptions of con people.
Bill: *alright no I don’t*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Even though her Facebook account used to have her real name with her Disney Ruby cospaly picture and would pop up in "people you may know" <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: *stupid brain*
Nokri (Marisa): How to improperly end the coffee wars: what zombie did
How to properly end the coffee wars:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm still planning my double coffee run after work... It's going to take a lot not to caption any stories with "having fun with a dead meme"
Bill: Just unfollow zombie instead!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): The best coffee is the stop and shop store brand with cinnamon mixed in
Bill: As we know, instagrammer types all watch their unfollows religiously and it’ll make her salty as fuckkkk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the best coffee is whichever one you like to drink the best <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): Blocking people and unfollowing people causes way more drama
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And another one...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): funny since Will and I were both fairly involved in it last year as well 🤔
Aldus Larian (Jess): why are people so butt hurt about this ommggg
Aldus Larian (Jess): if you dont like it ignore it it really isnt that hard
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): right?
Nokri (Marisa): Today is No Fun Day™
Nokri (Marisa): No coffee. No fan art. No nothing. We sit and suffer like sad adults.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, if she's referring to Meg and Zombie, no one is really even including them in this? Like, a few people tagged Meg from what I saw
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg seriously let people have the things that get them through life fuck
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *who cares*
Nokri (Marisa): What if ruining fun is what gets them through life
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:then_perish:554720548274569246>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Honestly, could be. It seems like all the people trying to ruin the fun have a history of depressive episodes so if they can't have fun, no one can
Aldus Larian (Jess): AGHH
Aldus Larian (Jess): people gotta stop man
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like echoblaze in particular I see post a lot of negative things usually in regard to home and work life, which like, I get and that sucks, but like, don't take it out on other people for no reason?
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i try my hardest not to be negative online at all in order to stop people from thinking that about me? like thats not how i want people to think of me "oh that girl whos always miserable"
Bill: Instagram is cancelled.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea... I tend to avoid posting all together when I'm feeling negative
Aldus Larian (Jess): like of course everyone gets frustrated but come one peps
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Just let people have fun
Aldus Larian (Jess): seriously! ahhh
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Like especially this.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It's a one day thing
Kaio Vermino (Lee): You can survive
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's such a dumb thing to be annoyed by xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA this is legit NOT HURTING ANYONE is anyway COME ON
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Overly sensitive
Bill: ^^^
Nokri (Marisa): Noo don’t cancel instragram, where will I go when I’m banned from tumblr
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like light of recent events of actual con drama, this is *nothing*
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yep lmao
Nokri (Marisa): Cancel both and go back to MySpace
Bill: Cosplay community is overly sensitive about everything.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao marisa you are not getting banned fom tumblr
Bill: Okay, clarify, not everything but it’s become far too acceptable for people to be triggered in the community.
Nokri (Marisa): First they ban the porn. Then they ban me
Nokri (Marisa): People aren’t getting triggered so much as randomly getting upset
Bill: Potato potato.
Nokri (Marisa): The number of people triggered is pretty small
Nokri (Marisa): No they’re pretty different
Bill: That phrase doesn’t translate well.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m pretty sure Dunkin’ was introduced to the war from me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): NGL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I’m here for coffee wars 2
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah I think originally it was Meg and Zombie and then you, me, Will, Scott, and a bunch of other people joined in
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So like, may have started with the 2 people who want to have nothing to do with it, everyone else who was involved the first time is still allowed to have their fun
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): lookit will
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hes just happy buying all his coffees
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): how could anyone hate a day that makes so many people happy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): GUYS WILL IS SO PRECIOUS WITH HIS CAR OF COFFEE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): HOW COULD ANYONE BE MAD AT COFFEE WARS DAY
