Kaio Vermino (Lee): LMFAO ACCURATE
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really hope my battery replacement kit isn't lost in the mail
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): was supposed to be delivered Friday
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): tracking history as of Saturday says "in transit to next facility"
hasn't had a physical location attached to it since it departed Texas last Tuesday... <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: Oh goodie. According to an article on my news feed, I'm doing everything I should be to 'meet a potential date'. Stupid clickbait.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oops, I keep forgetting to do actual work today
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my phone battery is already at 79%
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have work that i need to do but i care so little anymore
Bill: Same.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): mood
Bill: Came to Armonk specifically to get Sheema to figure out what the hell I'm even supposed to be doing at this point.
Bill: And I've done nothing but reddit for the last hour and a half.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I... wrote half my task report and printed website view stats annndd thats it ugh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I spent the first hour and a half looking at bed frames
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and the past hour has been putting together my to do list (don't know why it took that long)
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i have to do that too
Aldus Larian (Jess): the task repot is for my boss but it doesnt help me at all
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Fuck, guess I'm not going to CCE anymore
Kaio Vermino (Lee): LOL
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh no
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no is that "I wore the same todoroki tshirt for all of zenkai" dude?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo noooo
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and Katsu
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): comes to say hi to me every time he sees me and awkwardly stand there while I'm having a conversation with friends
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh boy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): guess I just need to get really drunk so I can be less nice to him
Aldus Larian (Jess): YES
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): or at least tolerate him being there more
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): or scare him away 🤔
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he doesn't seem like the type to get lit, but then again I fucking saw him at the rooftop bar when Lee and I went after the Katsu formal
Kaio Vermino (Lee): WHAT he was there???
Kaio Vermino (Lee): He seems young... maybe just mentally young
Aldus Larian (Jess): probaby he looked in his 20s to me
Bill: point him out to me and I'll be the dick for you.
Aldus Larian (Jess): aw man the Sussex county library is running a four week self defense class for women class for free but its already booked up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YEAH! I was like *Are you fucking kidding me? What are you even doing up here?*
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe he lives in pa? since thats zenkai
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he does
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn
Aldus Larian (Jess): does he think you're friends?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): he doesn't talk to me like, *regularly* but he often will reply to story posts
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but not really full blown convos
Aldus Larian (Jess): Co worker: "Do you watch youtubers?"
Me: "Not really"
Him: "Do you know who ___ is?"
Me: "Nah"
Him: "HOW DO YOU NOT KNOW WHO THAT IS

.... i just said i dont watch youtubers wtf
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Bro
Aldus Larian (Jess): i hate when people do shit like that lmao
Bill: Maybe he's just... excited to share about it?
Aldus Larian (Jess): he does this like everyday though
Nokri (Marisa): who is it 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): "Do you like Post Malone?"
"No"
"WTF HOW DO U NOT LIKE HIM"
Aldus Larian (Jess): uhh danny something?
Nokri (Marisa): o idk who either of those are
unless it's danny phantom <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): be like "hey do you like talking to hot virtual korean boys?"
Aldus Larian (Jess): post malone is singer or a rapper or something
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): "Hey do play vitural dating games?"
"nah"
"do you know who 707 is?"
"nah" 
"WTF HOW DO U NOT KNOW WHO HE IS"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jess: "*WHAT? HOW DO YOU NOT KNOW WHO GOD 707, THE DEFENDER OF JUSTICE IS?"*
Nokri (Marisa): "one time he delivered 500 boxes of cat food to my house in the middle of the night and required me to pay the delivery fees. ha! classic 707."
Nokri (Marisa): "he gave me this custom built fire breathing dog robot that whispers sweet nothings to me after his brother tried to kill me."
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg yes lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): I've always hated when people do that kind of thing tbh like dont ask me if i know about something and then get surpried when i dont 2 seconds after asking me
Nokri (Marisa): omg i was just reading an old post on tumblr about that
Aldus Larian (Jess): OwO?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanna read it
Nokri (Marisa): it's only super vaguely related but
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT
Nokri (Marisa): ~~he must be immortal~~
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Vampire boi
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Definitely
Bill: the free M&Ms at IBM will be the death of me.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/l3nSMqK9HKHvb4ddS
Bill: Fuck you Optimum.
Bill: I'm pretty sure they actually cut out service to the apartment (I was connected to my NAS for music) because the bill, that's due IN TWO WEEKS, hadn't been paid.
Bill: What the fuck.
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm thats weird
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's abnormal
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: Dick heads.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea my dad used to pay the bill late all the time and they would always shut of on the late date
Aldus Larian (Jess): optimum always had alot of drop outs when i had it though
Bill: Oh no, they interrupted service.
Bill: Which is why I'm pissed.
Aldus Larian (Jess): because of the bill? or like because of a drop?
Bill: because of the bill thats not due.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you are sure of that?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): did you call them?
Bill: Dickheads neglected to say first month is due ahead of time?
Bill: I swear to god.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You just moved out dude, I'd hate to tell you but not everything goes smoothly
Bill: Sorry I'm upset by literally anything.
Nokri (Marisa): you've otherwise had the smoothest and fastest move i've ever seen or heard of
Bill: Therefore clearly I shouldn't be bothered at all by Optimum *literally* not doing their job, you right.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah, stuff like this happens all the time.
Nokri (Marisa): did you read over everything they gave you? on their website the first thing it says on terms and services is "The charges for one month of Services, including any deposits and installation and Equipment charges, plus pro rata charges, if any, for periods not previously billed, are due upon installation of the Services."
Bill: Yes, and most people can be bothered by it without hearing "everything else is great though!".
Nokri (Marisa): it's ok to be bothered by it. you just seem to be reacting very strongly
Bill: I'm annoyed because I said this sucks, and it does, and you're informing me that 'not everything goes smoothly', like I expected it would somehow, and that 'everything else went smoothly', as if that's a justification for me not to be bothered by it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): becuase you didnt say "this sucks" 
you said "These *dickheads* arnt doing there job, *fuck* optimum* etc"
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats not "this sucks"
Nokri (Marisa): ^^

we were just trying to cheer you up and make you see things in a better light.
you're insulting people you don't know and saying that they didn't do their job, when it's most likely an automated system, and it's working properly anyway.
Aldus Larian (Jess): plus if its in their terms then no one "inst doing their job"
Bill: You think they guy who sells the plan doesn't have to explain how it's billed? I mean, it doesn't matter, I asked him explicitly 'how is the plan billed'.
Nokri (Marisa): everybody is only human
Bill: Not to mention someone in their CIO built software that lists a bill that has an incorrect due date on it.
Bill: Oh, and the guy on the phone was *incapable* of understanding that my automated billing listing still shows for the first month's bill *due on 9/5*, not the actual billing cycle bill on *9/21.* I explained this to him literally 3 times, that it's showing a charge against me that has already been paid is scheduled and it just didn't click. Which I will now have to call back about, to make sure I'm not double billed.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah the people on the phone are usually paid nothing and located in another country so it takes a while to get a point across
Bill: Which is why I didn't insult him and instead said I'll call back when I'm not in my office.
Nokri (Marisa): there you go!
Nokri (Marisa): if your internet doesn't get turned back on in time and you have to do work, is there a library or mcdonalds or cafe with internet anywhere local?
Bill: *there I go what.* ...While I doubt you do mean it that way, that reads like you're praising me for not being an asshole. I'd like to think I'm not actually in need of praise for that, like I'm usually an ass.
Nokri (Marisa): you were just sounding incredibly aggressive to the point it was scary
Bill: I have tethering on my phone, though I won't need to work when I get home. It also should be on by the time I get back, if his time estimate was correct.
Bill: I was on the phone with Optimum, working, checking all of my facts online so I don't make an ass of myself telling the employee (who I am fully aware did not personally do this to me and has no idea what's going on when I call) about the problem and talking to you. Maybe multitasking makes me short. But the point was to blow off steam, be frustrated, and move on.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea your outburst was very aggressive, the inflammatory language you were using was unsettling
Bill: I was pretty sure that having your internet interrupted was something everyone can understand the frustration of.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah but it happens all the time
Aldus Larian (Jess): yes frustration not outbursts of cursing there is a difference.
Bill: I curse all the time. It's not really unusual. 

...I guess it could sound harsher over the internet without tone. Either way if that's too much for you, sorry. I curse when I get frustrated.
Bill: Anyway I gotta pack up and leave Armonk before the traffic hits the bridge.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Drive safely
Bill: It’s all cruise control on highways. 👍🏻
Bill: Sorry I guess, I knew I should have stayed off discord today cause I haven’t felt great and took what you said as judgements.
