Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hinge: Erik, we recommend you meet up with this girl. We believe you are most compatible
> isn't local
> nothing in common
> smokes weed
Thanks Hinge <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Nokri (Marisa): Biru come complain in the vent channel if something is bothering you or I’m gonna suplex you in a Denny’s parking lot
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ok I'm about to have an aneurysm from this one customer...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): if someone asks you to use something that is "light blue" what color do you think of?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): like baby blue
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): right?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like that or like a sky blue
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea that
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): any of these tbh
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): xD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): customer has been adamant that we find "light blue" wire for this one assembly we've been trying to quote for them for weeks
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): light blue colored wire is *very* difficult to come by
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so we suggested using standard blue, which is like,
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): as opposed to a dark blue
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no, *light blue*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): okaaaayyy....
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wtf
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we find a supplier that sells "light blue" but it's a 500m (1640ft) minimum purchase at like, $12/ft so the reel of this wire would be over $19k
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we mentioned that we found "light blue" wire but it will be *very* expensive
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so they said oh we got it from this supplier back in September 2018
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and it's one of our usual suppliers, so we contacted them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and they said they ordered standard blue
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): customer sends an additional supplier they've bought from with a part number
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): standard blue
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and they're getting pissy because we're late on this quote
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG trust me working with people with colors sucks
Elfriede Faun (Tom): This one company was getting all pissy cuz we couldn't find a supplier that could get them black tubing with a purple stripe
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~sigh~*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): customers are dumb
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Halariously so sometimes xD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what's also hilariously dumb about some of the things we've quoted for this customer is that some of their products are literally just this cable, cut to length, and stripped on both ends
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is something they could easily do themselves
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): as long as they have the right cutting tool because it's thick-ass wire
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmao YUP
Elfriede Faun (Tom): We've had a customer return a broken cable for repair because they used this brittle ass fiber in it without connectors so the broken it and sent it back over a dozen times
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like, this is one of the things. The one supplier they sent us that they've used *you can order it pre-cut to length* and it would cost them about $6
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but since they want it through us, they're going to have to pay for the material marked up, plus labor which brings it to about $11
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): fucking dumb but okay
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Pfft
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It costs this one customer 150 for every repair xD
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And the repair takes like 5 minutes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): customer stupidity is what keeps us in business <:pew:543202259085950996>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yee boiii
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): plus if we get the wires we need at the supplier that pre-cuts it to length, that saves us money on labor costs that we will still charge for xD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/chris-pratt-jimmy-kimmel-rVbAzUUSUC6dO
Bill: Never planning an event that requires a deposit with BNE again... Maybe at all. The cost may be more than 25 a person if we don't have 10 day of. It's why I confirmed at least 3 times the list of people who were going to show up for putting down the deposit.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i'll ask my brother to come
Bill: you can at this point.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): if hes not working he'll definitely come
Bill: I wouldn't be surprised to see some of the people who confirmed flake anyway, so there's no way I can give fireball mountain an accurate number.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i can also ask chris if he wants to go
Bill: Let me know if they're coming and have the sign the waiver.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): okie dokie
Bill: Ugh.
Bill: I’ll be happy to have this over.
Bill: I have such issues with people's commitment levels. My expectations are the problem though.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Another final done, two more to go 😭
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Our furnace died last night so I need to go home early cuz a repair guy is coming, which isn't awful, but it was unnecessary 1 am stress
Nokri (Marisa): omg and it’s freezing this week
Nokri (Marisa): Worst timing
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah.. I was so chill last night
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm standing there in front of the shower stairing ta it hoping its gonna get hot at 1am
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Like hmmm.....
Elfriede Faun (Tom): *not realizing the house is crazy cold*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Maybe if I stare at it a few more minutes
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea 😭 he was up somlate trying to fix it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh no D:
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea so thats gonna be like at least a cool $500 between oil refill and repair <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): Turn your house into the kalahari for two days
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's all ready 500 in oil actually
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh good
Aldus Larian (Jess): so at least $750 then
Bill: Why do you guys say to complain more and then when I do say something you say. Nothing. Don’t ask why.
Aldus Larian (Jess): What exactly is this in reference too?
Nokri (Marisa): did you say anything? if you did, it was too subtle and we missed it.
Nokri (Marisa): say it again in layman's terms, like you're talking to an 8 year old <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): quite frankly, you seem to complain about the same topics we've already discussed like a bunch of times and have reached conclusion already, or about things that are extremely hard to think of a response to, such as you feeling bad about other people's commitment levels. which is entirely out of your control as well as all of ours. 

When we say we want you to express more, we mean instead of being passive aggressive about not receiving attention for things youre sad about, to instead be open and tell us the entire reason you're sad instead of simply hinting at it. and example would be yesterday's  "oof"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and then you blew up saying no one cares about how you feel
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): we all clearly do care
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but sometimes its just repetitive and you refuse to take advice or consolation
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you shut us all down
Aldus Larian (Jess): that pretty much sums it up yea.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): agreed
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it gets frustrating
Nokri (Marisa): that sounded like the final statement after a conversation with leanna, not a "hey i want to discuss this more."
we know the reason why you stated it, it pertains to BNE and the laser tag thing.
if you wanted to talk more about it then talk more about it, but yeah. leanna wrote a very reasonable explanation.
Aldus Larian (Jess): we want you too be open  and expressive, it doesnt always mean we will have answer for you
Nokri (Marisa): are you even here or did you go offline
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, you *did* start complaining about the whole Fireball Mountain thing and Leanna was responding to you offering to see if she could find more people and then you ended with the commitment issues thing which, quite frankly, all of us I'm sure are aware of BNE's commitment issues
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we love you Bill
Bill: I’m always online. Always. 

You want me to not complain about the same things, but then also say I shouldn’t talk about the part of it that’s new and different. 

My problem rn is I keep getting passive aggressive whenever I say something and it doesn’t get acknowledged. I’ve been a train wreck for a bit and I’m fixing that, but sometimes it not about an answer. There is no answer for my problems. There never has been. I can’t make someone like me, I can’t be my own girlfriend, I can’t not feel lonely. I’m not restating something that bothers me for the genera good of the people either. I just want an OOF. Sympathy. “Wow that sucks.” I’m not asking for solutions, I just want to feel like I’m listened to, rather than talking to a brick wall.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think thats what we were trying to do with the sad react
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you can't beg for sympathy, thats not how empathy works though.


We prove often that we are there for you, but sometimes things like having a song stuck in your head doesnt really constitute for a sympathetic emotion
Nokri (Marisa): you're on invisible right now.
are you on invisible because you're upset? or because you truly don't want to be bothered?
when you're on invisible we can't know if you're online unless you're actively reacting to stuff or chatting. since you're normally online all the time and your status shows that, we don't talk with you if you're on invisible because we don't know you're here.
you do go offline for long periods of time, so when your status is set to invisible we assume that's one of those times.

and you always tell us not to make assumptions but you also make assumptions about us
Bill: Eating with boss, not check.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and the fact that you get angry at us for not constantly asking how youre doing even after you put yourself on invisible or tell us youre taking a break from the internet for a week, even though we're all here all the time for you is just ..... ugh.... like how much more do we need to do? we're trying our best to be good friends to you, but if we don't give you attention every time you express any kind of negative emotion then you get really upset with us. which honestly isn't fair.

You need to want to help yourself, you can't keep expecting your friends to do the heavy lifting in improving your emotional state. 

Nothing we say can help you unless you want to be helped, and judging by the way you constantly shut down any advice shows that you don't want to get any better. maybe subconsciously, but still.

We're all doing our best for you, and i know i, personally, have been feeling pretty frustrated with you lately because of your passive aggressive messages anytime youre not being paid attention to... 
But, that doesn't stop me from still trying to help in any way i can. 

We all love you and care about you, but you need to let us in to help.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It also kinda feels like lately you’re testing us by going offline or throwing a vague venting statement out there, with the rationale “oh only my TRUE friends will answer this!”
Aldus Larian (Jess): I've been worried since yesterday when you went off the grid but alot of time you just say something like "same shit different day" if i ask whats wrong or it seems like you assume i should already know whats wrong so it makes it hard to open a dialogue
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But the reality is that if you say “I’m going offline for a few days”, we trust that you’re handling whatever you need to accordingly. Or if there’s not enough context to the vent statement, we don’t want to offer even more vague advice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Obviously we care but you have to just trust that your friends are your friends cause they want to be there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Feels like you’ve been a little more paranoid lately
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also context is really really helpful
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): “I’m dying” is a bad vent statement
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): “I’m dying of finals because I haven’t slept” is good
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s an easier method of communication that jumps straight to the point of why you feel bad, so friends can assist you accordingly
Nokri (Marisa): yeah, everyone is always dying. that's not news. the reasons for we're dying - which change on a regular basis - is the important info.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like, an extension of the example, if you say “I’m dying” it gives no context, no one knows how to offer support, and it just leaves everyone feeling shitty
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But if you say “I’m dying because [reason]” people can assure you that it’ll be okay, or they’ve been there before
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and if they *have * been there before, they can offer advice on how they dealt with it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Though, piggybacking off of that, you’ve mentioned before Bill how you don’t really care for unsolicited advice
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think I’m noticing that you may have a very different level of needing to be comforted, my mom noticed it between my sister and I
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): For my sister, if she’s freaking, she needs to be told that her feelings are valid and that she can handle it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): For me, I need to be told that things will be okay and that I have support
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Some people need to be told advice so they can push through the problem
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m beginning to think that most of us in the vent channel like the bottom two approaches
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And you’re more like my sister
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which may also be causing a disconnect
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ergo, frustrating you
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Okay I’ll return in an hour because I’m dying because finals and need a nap to study for my next exam tomorrow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I think those were all my thoughts
Nokri (Marisa): that's a really good point. handling stuff wrongly can just make stuff worse. when i was hospitalized for a suicide attempt i had just turned 18, so they put me in an adult therapy group. no one else there was under 40. it was absolutely awful and just made everything worse, and they eventually threw me out because i didn't fit in and wouldn't participate, and they never told me any of the important information i needed.

you should think about what you need to best vent about your issues. we can help with that, and we now know that what we've been trying now obviously isn't working. you have to be more open though.
Nokri (Marisa): when i was going through a rough spot you made me spill everything out in the open here even though i wanted to do it in a more private chat. now you have to open up.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And not everyone vents the same way. Like, I'll throw something up in a venting channel just to get my thoughts out there. I'm not necessarily always looking for someone to react or respond to it. So now that we know that you're just looking for some kind of acknowledgement from your venting, we can try to do better to give you that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im like some combination of the top two, i dont normally want advice, or to be told what to do but when people empathize or sympathize, tell my im not crazy and just listen im good
Bill: Sorry for disappearing, couldn't continue the conversation in front of my boss. 

The only times I have ever been offline is when I announce so. I am *obsessive* about knowing what's going in my network and put myself on invisible to both express I'm feeling that, and as a reminder to myself that I need to give myself space. 

You might feel like I don't listen to advice Leanna, but I do. Everyone always being here is... possibly my problem. There is no closer to me than this chat, and I think I may fill the void of an intimate relationship by projecting that kind of closeness on the group. Which is usually when I give myself space from the group to equalize, though I've never had a reason for doing it before, just the feeling it's a good idea.

I'm not testing you. I did that in college and found out most of the people I knew didn't care about me pretty much at all, let alone as much as I did them. If I was testing you, I wouldn't even risk being publicly upset with you. It would mean I didn't trust you with my feelings. 

I can't imagine hearing the same negative feeling over and over again would be any better than hearing what the thing was that brought them up. I consistently feel like a failure for my apparent inability to get a date when everyone else with an interest in is has been doing it for damn near a decade. I'm *fucking lonely* and want the kind of closeness someone being interested in you, the little looks, the cuddles, touches, all the sappy shit. I can say that 30 times, cause there's nothing I can do to *make* anyone love me like that, or I can deal with each 'trigger' as they come. The latter is my approach, because it's fucking embarrassing to have the next to no experience I do for as much as I want it and think I'm a normal person.
Bill: I'm also bitter and jealous, cause I'll say it once (it's not like it's news to anyone (Most people guessed themselves)), I was in love with Georgia for a long time and still have feelings for her, despite her turning me down half a year ago. Which is not her fault and the fact that I can't control how I feel at all, to respect her wishes, is a huge shame point for me. And that I avoid talking about directly because Georgia is here, this is her safe place too, and that's not something I imagine she wants to see conversations on. She's not at fault or responsible for my feelings, and I never want to make her feel that way. I'm doing my damnest to do right by her, and the fact I don't think I have hurts. 

Your theory is interesting Georgia. You might be right. I didn't vent to other people much until... well, Aurii era, so it may be something like that. It's a lot to vent at all for me, I like to handle myself when I can and not appear weak to other people. The fact that I do at all here is a big thing. Course I'm stuck in an endless loop of being bothered by something I just have to wait for, which isn't helping. 

As Leanna said earlier, I can't beg for sympathy, it's not like I can say 'hey your way of supporting me isn't good enough'. Even saying what I did earlier is just... dickish. Makes it like I don't value what you do do. 

You didn't move to a private chat, if it's the moment I was thinking of Marisa. You could have, but you were not getting away with that letter you posted and then hiding it. I follow the no deleting posts rule just as much as you do, and everyone does. I'm sorry if you felt you had to share in the whole channel, but you scared multiple people with that deleted message and I was worried for you.
Bill: I think I replied to everyone's comments. Again, sorry for the radio silence. I couldn't work through things properly while also talking to Gord about whatever bullshit we talked about.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Dude, I get the being lonely thing. I just hit my two year mark since my engagement got called off so I've been feeling the loneliness thing too lately. That relationship really kind of fucked me up and taught me a lot about both myself and what I'm looking for in a partner which has resulted in me being extremely picky when it comes to anyone who may have any sort of interest in me.
Nokri (Marisa): my two cents:

do you know why you want a relationship so much? i think you're highly idealizing relationships. i've never been in one myself, but they take a lot of time and the cuddles/looks/touches are stuff that take at least months to manifest.

the people in this group can be as close as a romantic relationship. platonic relationships can be immeasurably deep, and we all basically share what we're always doing on a daily basis like a relationship would anyway. i think you have an unrealistic expectation of what romantic relationships are like. they can be nice ~~i suppose, i've given up on them entirely~~, but they are much harder to maintain than friendships and have a very delicate balance. connections take a **lot** of time, a lot of work from both sides, and are different for every single human being. even pets. I've been with sylvia for 13 years and she just extremely recently started sleeping on me instead of at the furthest corner of the bed.

a partner is basically a super best friend i think? not a magical entity that can dispel loneliness and bad feelings.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And all those cutesy things that you're looking for, they *are* really great and I miss them a lot. Once you do find that someone, the wait will be worth it. I know it's frustrating when it seems like no one is interested in you, but I assure you there are girls out there who would love you.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Chances are whatever emotional problems you have now, wont be solved by a relationship.  I know mine were'nt/aren't
Aldus Larian (Jess): I want so read everything agin and say more but i cant rn cuz people are hovering at work
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): theres a SNL skit about going on vacation when youre depressed because you think it'll fix it. but its a song about how you'll still be depressed in tokyo, or france, or italy
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): which can directly be relevant to the relationship discussion
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh, and going back to the cutesy things, looking back on my relationship, there was too much of that and it was to the point of not wanting to upset my partner. Like, she was clingy and if I didn't want to cuddle or even if I wanted to do something myself, she would get all quiet and upset which would guilt me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so like, they *can* be nice but if your relationship is dependent on them, it won't be a healthy one
Bill: These are... surprisingly comforting things for basically saying 'you don't need to want what you want', but I do want to say one thing. The way I think it is isn't 'relationship means problems are solved'. My problems are with myself, feelings of inferiority and wanting for something that I can't seem to get, despite the knowledge I should be able to. Getting into a relationship would solve those problems, but because they would prove to myself I am not what I fear I am.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i also need to read through it all again. but, i do agree with marisa. It seems like you are greatly idealizing relationships. But, i do understand wanting to know what its like. I get it. But going back to one of our previous discussions about it. I think you need to put yourself out there more in order to have a chance at meeting someone for a romantic relationship to start.

....and to be blunt, which apparently is my role in this group (sorry), I think the desperation and obvious dissatisfaction with life youre currently putting out into the world is a deterrent to prospective people. It's not an inviting trait. But, you have so many GOOD traits that i wish you had more confidence in and spent more energy putting that out into the world. You should be SO proud of yourself for your weight loss, you look fantastic! You're caring, you're fun to converse with, you have a great sense of humor (albeit sometimes dark), and i think if you tried to express those things more than how upset and dissatisfied you are that a lot more people would be drawn to you.

On the other hand, like marisa said,  finding solace in having a group of friends who deeply care about you is also intimate and shouldnt be diminished simply because its not romantic.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~its also likley that when you get ina relationship you will find out theres alot of OTHER problems with yourself you need to deal with.~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^ that is very true
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): which is why me and kurto arent a thing anymore. I realized i have a lot of personal issues i need to deal with, and i rushed into it without allowing myself to heal/work on things i needed to.
Bill: But I still want it. Hell, new problems are better than than digging the rabbit hole deeper.

Oh I'm aware being cynical and depressed isn't attractive Leanna. Which also digs the rabbit hole deeper, I can't just not be that way, which keeps me that way.
Aldus Larian (Jess): :valid:
Bill: *It was so valid it invalidated the emoji to get more validation to give*
Aldus Larian (Jess): valid is for leanna, u valid too biru
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): xD
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~we need the valid emoji~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): the thing is alot of times in person you come across alot less cynical than in chat.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): usually actually
Bill: I'm not lonely when I'm with friends.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think you get caught up in your own head space too much
Aldus Larian (Jess): trust me i do too. i dive myself insane
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea i think we all do it
Aldus Larian (Jess): def
Bill: lol. I always have music going for that reason.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): especially this group whos all anxious in some way or another lol
Bill: I can't focus when I could think about myself.
Aldus Larian (Jess): our whole generation anxious!
thanks america
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *try to focus on the fact that you're gonna get to hang out with friends this weekend rather than the stress of planning it all*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and then destroy everyone in laser tag <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): team up with Leanna, she'll help annihilate everyone with you
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): YEA
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): well i'll try
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): damn, I wish my Black Widow costume was in because that'd be great for laser tag
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): SO what’s the take away from this conversation that we’ve all learned to have a more harmonious venting experience
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yes!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Whoops that was a question
Bill: I was going to say...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Sorry I’m very confused and can’t perform basic social functions there’s _only brain space for physics_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I need the Sparknotes™️ of this conversation to really digest it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~i've put notes for all of you under your names so i can better understand your vent process better and help in the best way i can in the future~~
Bill: way to be a better human being than all of us.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): for everyone who expressed whats comforting to them at least
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean it’s important
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My mom learned that because my sister had a tantrum like I DONT WANNA BE TOLD EVERYTHING WILL BE OKAY, MY FEELS NEED TO BE VALID
Bill: ~~Also I'd rather not be boiled down to cliff notes thanks~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And my mom tried to comfort me with “your feelings are valid” and I was like “but what if I’m not okay 😭😭😭😭”
Bill: I understand you're busy and stressed, just.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Bill I am functioning on half a brain cell
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m asking because I need it explicitly expressed
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i have the other half right now, but georgia can have it back ...before her finals
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Otherwise it’s in one ear and out the other
Bill: This is The Rabbit Hole. There's no deeper. If I was a mystic messenger route, this would be the shit in it.
Bill: If I could boil that down to cliffnotes...
Bill: They wouldn't be a problem.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i think she means more, "things to remember to help in the future"
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~when do we get the tragic childhood flashback scenes~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oof
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Leanna understands me Ye
Bill: ~~I have the least tragic backstory out of anyone here~~
Bill: More than likely.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i think georgia gets a pass, its finals week and shes still trying her best so cut her some slack
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This conversation is important to me so I need it to be digestible but I literally couldn’t tell you my middle name a couple hours ago so I need it really dumbed down
Bill: I understand she's stressed and worn out, i'm not holding that against her.
Bill: I just can't boil all of my strongest emotional problems down to few one liners.
Bill: Come back to it later. That it's important enough for you to do so is enough of a statement.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 😐 alright fam if you say so
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I just don’t wanna be havin this convo again in a week just cause I was too big dumb to absorb it
Bill: and what's to say you'll fully understand it by just getting the abbreviated version?
Bill: That's not an insult, I'm saying it's a complex topic to cliff note.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m looking for a “so this is what everyone needs to work on” synopsis
Bill: ...WELL I need to be less sad and lonely, and your theory is probably right that I respond best to people validating my feelings. There you go.
Bill: It stopped being an advice session when I long posted. More of a heart to heart. You've got everything you need 'to do' from what you said yourself.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Biru can I ask a question.
Bill: mhmm.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Are you still seeing your therapist?
Bill: Not in awhile. No more spaced out then I had been though, I only stopped by like once a month.
Bill: She still has a book I loaned her actually, I was going to at least go another time for that.
Bill: ~~much as you all said yourself, there's nothing changing about the problem, only so much you can say to do~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I def think you should continue going. We can support you but I def think talking to a licensed professional
Aldus Larian (Jess): You would not say that to any of us tho
Bill: What?
Aldus Larian (Jess): You wouldn't tell any of us not to go to therapy just because it's the same ol problem
Bill: * unlicensed. She's not actually a shrink, she's ex social worker turned pastor. Go figure.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm pretty sure that's what therapists are for
Bill: Hmm, no, that's basically what the last time I went came to.
Nokri (Marisa): I was gonna say that sounds like a bad therapist, they wouldn’t borrow a book from a client
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): maybe you should go to a licensed one
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well. Trained at least? Or maybe even awake out someone who IS professional
Bill: Oh yeah she's trained.
Bill: She's very good.
Bill: I gave it to her to read Marisa.
Bill: It's a psychology book I read in college I thought she'd be interested in.
Aldus Larian (Jess): If you have access to health coverage that will cover a licensed therapist I would suggest you take advantage
Nokri (Marisa): Still, that’s super unprofessional of a therapist unless it’s a book that helps her understand who you are
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's a difference between "trained" and "licensed"
Bill: hmmm... I mean, it might Marisa, but I wanted to hear her thoughts on the topic.
Nokri (Marisa): Social workers aren’t therapists. Social workers are people who deal with prison inmates and kids being tossed around the foster system
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like a counselor
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You wanna be careful treading with feelings of self worth
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My therapist thought the break up was so devastating cause I put a lot of my self worth in Hal
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The avenue of self worth may be better explored by a therapist than a friend group
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i agree
Bill: Already has been.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My inappropriate brain immediately went to the “does he tho” react
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This conversation is too mature for that, but that’s how it feels
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Still feels like you’re ascribing a lot of self worth to a relationship
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What if you dated a girl, only for her to use you and lose you? How bad would that fuck you up
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think therapy could really help. Non-religiouly affiliated therapy.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh hi that happened to me <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): With a licensed therapist
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't want to sound like I'm judging you
Aldus Larian (Jess): I just want to see you get some real answers
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): a licensed therapist, possibly specifically a psychotherapist, which is what i went to.

I had zero self worth after my parents left me for dead and left me homeless. I didnt think i was worthy of anything and i placed all of my self worth on how desirable i was in romatic relationships.... i was manipulative and horrible to chris who i was dating at the time, and it took a psychotherapist to help me figure out why i felt that way and why i was the way i was.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah if the social worker is the only person you’ve seen, they aren’t a therapist. And if you consider going you should shop around for therapists rather than going to one specific one. Different therapists have different strengths.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I went to a therapist specializing in relationships for a few months <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea what Leanna said a Psychotherapist
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Fuck phone on 1% but yeah
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't know all the good words™
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I second everything recommending a licensed professional
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it was really eye-opening, and helped me improve myself and my entire situation, it might be worth it for you to try because you have been feeling this way for an extended period of time and you have expressed that you feel stuck in the cycle.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Break the cycle 🔨
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): of course its not magic, but if you have access to health insurance it could be a huge step forward for you, as it was for me.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~i'm actually considering going back to one too~~
Bill: I admit, I was pretty satisfied with Serena as we had similar ways of thinking about things (very logically) and understood me well cause of that (she also never brought religion into it, since I know to some/most of you that'd be a warning sign). But since you feel so strongly about it, I could look into something else. 

I don't think as much of my self worth is tied up in it as you think though... I have a lot of great stuff going on, I'm just... the kind of person who wants what they want, and I've been "denied" that one thing for a long time. But it is certainly food for thought, that's just what I think right now.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Just think about it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It may prove helpful
Bill: Mhmm.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea, of course, you're not required to do anything, but it's a good thing to think about!
Bill: And that I will, seriously.
Bill: It'd be one thing if I was on my own insurance, but I'm on my parents till the summer and I don't exactly want to worry them. ~~Or talk to them about the concept of self worth cause I love them but they don't *quite* understand modern sensibilities at times~~
Bill: I switch on my birthday, but Indellient is changing insurance coverage in June so no idea if it would be covered.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You could switch in June to be ahead of the game
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh mood. I've thought about looking into seeing someone but I don't want to worry my parents and they're the kind of parents that always need to know where I'm going when I leave the house
Bill: Yeah. It's... weird. There's just some things parents can't quite... help with.
Nokri (Marisa): Parents can’t help with a lot of stuff. They’re just people too.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I mentioned a therapist in high school and my.mom was like "NO you're not that bad"
Aldus Larian (Jess): And I was like "uh ok but I am but ok"
Bill: It's not that your bad tho. Therapy has been normalized by our generation, that didn't make it's way up to our parents. To them it's bad, to us it's fairly normal.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea parents are just people and they have just as many flaws as anyone else. Our generation is much more mindful of mental health than our parents I think?
Bill: Exactly that.
Nokri (Marisa): ~~or they overdo the therapy and go there every day for every little thing~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea, i mean i grew up going to psychologists and therapists... but it was because my parents wanted me diagnosed with something that would validate them in why parenting was so hard and why they were failing, besides just accepting that they werent fit to be parents.

it took me many years after i was out from their grasp to realize therapy and psychologists arent evil and trying to condemn me, theyre there to help.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn big props Leanna
Aldus Larian (Jess): You so strong
Bill: big strong.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ahhh heck ima do the big cry
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yeah i went to a qwhole bunch as a kid too
Elfriede Faun (Tom): so many
Aldus Larian (Jess): I have never been. But Ive considered it?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk if my insurance covers it
Bill: I'd guess no, but I'm a pessimist.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it should, its considered a "specialist" and usually youll have a copay
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i think so but i think you eed to be diagnosed with a disorder first
Elfriede Faun (Tom): unsure
Elfriede Faun (Tom): probably get a copay regaurdless
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ^
Bill: Always have copay, if you haven't met your out of pocket.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hmm yea if it required prior diagnosis than rip
Bill: I've seen specialists you can visit without diagnosis, so if Therapy is classified under that in insurance land that's a good thing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Bit if it's just a copay then that's different
Bill: I had always assumed it was treated as a unique form of coverage.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I barely use my health insurance cuz I'm still used to not having any
Elfriede Faun (Tom): same T.T
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao at least we're on the same page
Bill: Anyway... and fury I had is gone and the relief has followed so now I'm feeling hella awkward as the center of attention cause of feelings... >//<
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is a great opportunity for topic change! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> 
customer clarified their stupid color requirement
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): turns out what they use is more of a "standard blue"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 🙄
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): isnt that...what you tried to get them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YES
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 😂  oh my GOD
Aldus Larian (Jess): 🔪
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That patrick meme with the wallet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I sent an email asking for clarification (giving examples of what I believed to be the 3 different kinds of blue)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and the guy went to go check and was like "To me, it looks more like a standard blue so I guess you shouuld be okay to use that"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://assets.rbl.ms/12133959/980x.gif
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): https://tenor.com/view/pen-liar-liar-jim-carrey-god-damn-god-damn-pen-gif-5482263
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "THE GODDAMN WIRE IS STANDARD BLUE"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): another new topic: when you start a fundraiser to donate to a good cause, don't you typically donate all of the proceeds?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yes, unless it's something like a zine where you use part of it to get the physical copies made and mailed out to everyone who purchased
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but the rest goes to whatever cause
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): did someone do something stupid?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Chocowaffo doing a fundraiser
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): *oh no*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and donating half
Bill: *Well she’s a charity case*
Nokri (Marisa): I know some people who’d do a bake sale and take back the cost of the ingredients, but the rest would all go to charity
Nokri (Marisa): Half?!?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.instagram.com/p/BxagAvKDo3L/?igshid=14rn0ermtvgz4
Nokri (Marisa): Where’s the other half going 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea... Usually you cover your costs and donate the rest
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~cosplay probably~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): uh
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): .........
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im uncomfortable witht that lmao
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 50%??
Aldus Larian (Jess): And there's no workers or anything...
Aldus Larian (Jess): WTF?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): uhhhhhhh
Bill: Well shit I always wanted a shirt with her face on it.
Bill: Can’t just open a normal kofi goal like everyone else.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Unless the other 50% is being used towards the prizes she's giving out?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): im ... wanna ask where the other 50% is going
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but like, there's still something weird to me about that
Bill: But that would be bullying.
Nokri (Marisa): $30 for a shirt makes sense
But what if you donate $20. Where’s the other $10 go
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): cancel me, try me
Bill: ~~mention it to Ethan and let him be a public douche~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): How old is she?
Bill: 20s.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i think shes 26
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 25
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh, close
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): she's a '93 baby
Nokri (Marisa): Cancer as a teen is rough yikes
Bill: 25.
Bill: I’m 93.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's a kid in our area currently dealing with brain cancer
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yikes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 16 years old and diagnosed with Stage 3 Anaplastic Astrocytoma
Bill: ~~nervous energy go awayyyy~~
Bill: I don't like going feelings out and I feel like I do it all the time now...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 50% whaaat
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): sorry im late but study break
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and its ok bill it was a good feels jam
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah im curious to know where the other 50% is going too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its a bad charity model too, her grade prizes dont really match the cash categories theyre in
Bill: Doesn’t mean I like it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the whole "i dont wanna seem weak" thing is overrated, i used to think that way
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): then i realized holding it all in wasnt healthy, it made me sad <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): weakness is dumb
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its the smart bitch that knows communicating feelings is good
Bill: Feelings can be communicated without being a train wreck. Most of the time.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But ye going back to the fundraiser, might as well donate directly to the cause so your whole donation goes to the cause 🤷
Nokri (Marisa): People are only weak if they can’t fight off an angry goose
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *fuck*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'm weak
Nokri (Marisa): but tom you have more muscles than the rest of us combined
Aldus Larian (Jess): I will crush the idea that expressing emotion is weak with my tiny soft hands. It will most likely hurt
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And what doesn't kill you makes you stronger! 
/cliché
Elfriede Faun (Tom): OH CRAP YOUR RIGHT (NGL I for a second was like what? No I don't, have you seen me?)
Elfriede Faun (Tom): (like maybe I can fight if I had to but I'm still weak sauce)
Elfriede Faun (Tom): (all I got at my disposal is boundless speedy zoom energy)
Nokri (Marisa): does anyone have the picture of swole tom
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The goose after I hit it as hard as I can with a spinning roundhouse kick
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i passed mechanics! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Not surprising good work.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats the exam i took yesterday so ayyyy
Nokri (Marisa): they graded that fast :0
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah i know!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): o wait that was friday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what is time
Bill: Yeah I kinda figured.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): they sent out emails of people failing oof
Aldus Larian (Jess): I had this one face mask sample I really liked that really helped whenever I had a sudden breakout but of course it's like $32 😭
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Omg whaaaaat
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): That's so expense
Aldus Larian (Jess): my skin is like super picky and dumb but this mask is so goodd ughhh i want it but we legit just spent like $1000 on the stupid boiler today
Aldus Larian (Jess): its 4.5 oz so it would last awhile but still
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 32 dolla
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whoa
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): is it like a tub of stuff or one of those use-once-and-throw-away
Aldus Larian (Jess): no its a tub
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh phew
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea no i def not a sheet mask
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): does your skin get oily or dry
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mine gets HELLA dry even moisturizing twice a day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and im like screams get moist you bitch
Aldus Larian (Jess): noth <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im on another study break time 1 stalk chocowaffos fundraiser
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whoaaa how
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive got dat sweet combination skin
Aldus Larian (Jess): some plaves are dry and others are poily
Aldus Larian (Jess): it more leans on the oily side but it will dry out
Aldus Larian (Jess): more in the winter
Aldus Larian (Jess): my skin is just a mess XD
Nokri (Marisa): skin is freaky
sometimes i water my skin
Aldus Larian (Jess): god i wish that were me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i like water on my face but not in my eyes
Nokri (Marisa): jess i'll give you some water for your skin
Aldus Larian (Jess): like ok i showered at 4:00pm yesterday ok. then the boiler died so i didn't shower this morning and now my hair is greasy and my face is breaking out from the oil even though i have washed my face at night before bed and in the morning. thats what happens when i go longer than 24 hours without a shower
Aldus Larian (Jess): like most people can so more than one day without showering without being gross but nope not me
Bill: Nah I can’t either.
Aldus Larian (Jess): so if u ever see me and i look greasy i stg i am i clean person
Nokri (Marisa): what about a bath? when my hot water heater was busted in japan and i got home too late to use the sento ~~plus they probably wouldn't appreciate foreigners being there~~, i spent an hour heating up water for a bath every day. it sucks but it's better than nothing?
Aldus Larian (Jess): its fixed now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _boil the bathwater_
Nokri (Marisa): bath time!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just have'nt showered yet so tha ti can make it to the end of the work day tomorrow without being gross
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i used to do the boiling the bath water thing when i lived at home
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz we would run out of heating oil and not have enough money to get more. and at one point the boiler needed to be repaired but we didnt have the money so it would only heat up the water like half way
Aldus Larian (Jess): at least i had a whole stove to heat up pots on, you only have a microwave
Nokri (Marisa): cry tears and boil the tears
they say tears are good for your skin
Nokri (Marisa): i had a stove! my apartment had a single electric stove burner yehaw
Aldus Larian (Jess): ohhh yea but still only one burner
Aldus Larian (Jess): we had 4 at least
Nokri (Marisa): it would automatically turn off after an hour and scare me to death because it beeped loudly
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): almost halfway through studying for tomorrow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whheeee thats pretty good considering i started at 3
Bill: ~~alright maybe I do need to think about self worth cause I was just thinking I'm not worth all the effort you put in to friendship today but~~ thank you guys. ❤
