Nokri (Marisa): aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): What happened?
Nokri (Marisa): i wanted to hold a button down for a while. it was nice.
Nokri (Marisa): i can do it again with another letter if you'd like
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh ok I thought you were screaming. Carry on
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Nokri (Marisa): jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjthanks that's only on the insidejjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): OwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOwOw
Nokri (Marisa): n i c e
Nokri (Marisa): now what do we do
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): More like what dowo we dowo
Nokri (Marisa): we can wament da fact dat the us heawthcawe system is too atwocious and its stowpping me fwom thwowing mysewf down da staiwrs uwu
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Not that I'd want you to do that. But yea the healthcare system is shit 😭
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _time to stage a coup owo_
Nokri (Marisa): backwards lifecycle of a chicken
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wow I read that as “lifechycle of a cicken” hello dumb brain
Nokri (Marisa): oh cool you can disable your discord account
i might do that. im having a very long and deep spiral this month.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh no
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im here if you need to talk mawisa ❤
Nokri (Marisa): thanks but there's nothing to talk about, i'm just trash
Nokri (Marisa): stop logging in everyone go to bed it's past your bedtimes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i like you, i dun think youre trash
Aldus Larian (Jess): You aren't trash to us, we value you very much! Of you decide to ake a break I understand but I will miss you alot! And it's the weekend, there's no bedtime!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:pew:543202259085950996> im 20 and a half you cant tell me when to sleep <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): it's more to give you guys a break from me than for me to take a break from the internet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): naaah i miss you and i am very excite for your party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its been too long since The Mawisa™
Nokri (Marisa): no no don't be excite for the party i'm dreading it. i was standing in the room today, it's so tiny and stuffy.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): to me its the company that counts above all <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): plus if we all sweat we can reinact scenes from bathhouses in anime
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): except fully clothed
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't need a break from you!  That thought has never even crossed my mind.
Nokri (Marisa): i can rsvp a table for anyone from aurii that shows up but the other company there is gonna be pretty awful
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So my mom's cousin told her about some TV programs but they're only available on Amazon Prime so she was asking if they're was a way she could use my Prime and I'm just like uuuuuuuuhhhhhhhh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _no prime requires a DNA log in-
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *I don't want you to have access to my Amazon account*
Nokri (Marisa): tell her ok but for $200 a year
Nokri (Marisa): $2000
Nokri (Marisa): $20000
Nokri (Marisa): she has to pay quadruple your salary
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~I've said at least 3 times this week "I wish Marisa and us lived closer"~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Family and friends dont usually mingle at parties too much, it's okay
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's just how it be
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The way of the world
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Also yeah she really has
Nokri (Marisa): i always talk about sneak a piece of zucchini onto your neighbors porch day but i'm a fake, a sham, i've never actually celebrated it and i don't even know what a zucchini looks like so there is no merit to me living closer
Nokri (Marisa): i googled it it's basically a fake cucumber
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah it good!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): They tasty
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So many uses
Elfriede Faun (Tom): You can make noodles out of them!
Aldus Larian (Jess): But we could watch Matilda together 😭
Nokri (Marisa): o ye that's a good movie
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): i just hate myself so much. if i don't kill myself first (which won't happen) my body is probably gonna shut itself down of its own accord.
Nokri (Marisa): you don't have to make stuff up to make me happy it's ok and it won't work. i'm really sorry. i don't deserve to be your friend.
Nokri (Marisa): plural your
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no marisa youre very kind and pretty and talented!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like you brought those nice cookies that we all had fun with at zenkai!
Aldus Larian (Jess): You may hate yourself. But we don't hate you! We love you very much.  nO NOONo mawisa
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisa I have never not had fun with you.
Nokri (Marisa): the cookies were selfish
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah your pretty great tbh
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nuuuuuu
Nokri (Marisa): do you think a pet rock has ever murdered its owner
Nokri (Marisa): like how sometimes you hear dogs and or cats or something attacking their owners
Nokri (Marisa): but a pet rock
Nokri (Marisa): the inventor of pet rocks is dead i wonder if his pet rock did it
Nokri (Marisa): "found dead" that definitely sounds suspicious
Aldus Larian (Jess): Probably! You could solve the murder.
Nokri (Marisa): or i could buy fresh asparagus off of amazon
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Can you?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah they claim it has 2 hour delivery
is someone gonna come deliver asparagus to me at 3am
Nokri (Marisa): what is the difference between these 3 bananas
Nokri (Marisa): oh one's *conventional*
Nokri (Marisa): i wonder how many bananas it takes to cause hyperkalemia
Nokri (Marisa): i could do it i could make someone come deliver a single zucchini to me in the middle of the night. that's a thing i have the power to do. how terrible.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:rise:557579163511554050>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Damn
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That's awful xD
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I wonder where it comes to
Elfriede Faun (Tom): From I mean
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It comes to you
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woo I'm tired
Nokri (Marisa): from the nearest whole foods store i think
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Damn
Elfriede Faun (Tom): How horrid
Nokri (Marisa): because they have milk and stuff too
Elfriede Faun (Tom): How does Amazon have this power
Nokri (Marisa): millions of years winding through a rainforest will do that to you
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I wanna play Shogi, someone come learn shogi
Nokri (Marisa): has to be over the top anime style tho
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Gotta get like 3 wingman to e plain the game
Bill: I feel asleep but I also love Mawisa. Without you we’d have never played mystic messenger!
Bill: And everyone is coming to your party you goof. We RSVP’d on Facebook, that makes it official.
Bill: Jordan (aquacosplay) dm’d me randomly to thank me for the otakon shoot we did a year and for being so patient and understanding.
Bill: It’s a nice compliment but the abruptness is a little concerning.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): She DM'd me randomly too. She was drunk lol
Bill: Ooooh good okay.
Bill: Drunk is totally fine I was worried it was something worse.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Aww lmao
Bill: Should I point out to Heather that an iPhone has a higher resolution than the camera she got?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof
Bill: Not that I know what phone she has.
Bill: There is something to be said for using a “real” camera to take photos though. I hate live view like a phone has, and you look like someone taking it seriously... I’d say the lens is better too but I’m not actually sure.
Bill: So it would entirely make sense to just use the camera. Not like she needs to make 13x19 prints of her photos.
Bill: As long as the sensor is pretty good, and the internal lens...
Bill: But I doubt she’s technical and while I don’t want to discourage her it’s good to know.
Bill: Aaah.
Bill: I want to be helpful but I always sound like a know it all elitist, or judge mental...
Bill: Ahahaha.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I love Gen but two weeks notice is not far out enough for me to add something to my schedule oof
Bill: ?
Bill: A birthday party again?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): What happened
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah it’s in another chat, the RTX one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But damn that’s short notice oof
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also AnimeNEXT weekend
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): I gotta out mine up ahhh but I know it's late notice so I'm not like gonna be upset if anyone can't make it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *goddammit*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): Oh nooo I’m sorry 🙀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think I might be able to make the excuse that it's literally going out of her way to come up to me...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It would add like 20 minutes for her
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *but seriously just learn to fucking drive yourself places*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I know her response is going to be something along the lines of "yeah but I just don't want to drive alone"
Bill: ~~it’s pretty much a canned response from anyone you ask~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just really hate carpooling
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I like having the freedom to come and go as I please and not having to worry about someone else's schedule
Bill: You can say that then.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Unless it's like, planned carpooling that is convenient and makes sense
Bill: I would have preferred company Friday going to you, but I wanted to go to nezumi from reading so I made the call to drive solo.
Bill: For example.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But "I don't want to drive long distances myself so I'll dive up to you, leave my car at your house, drive with you there and back, get my car, and go home" is really fucking annoying
Bill: I did the same thing at Georgia’s last Halloween party so I had the freedom to leave without inconveniencing anyone.
Bill: ~~you could stopped at “I don’t want to drive”~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): There are two examples of carpooling that honestly made her miss out on stuff
1. Fireball mountain: Monica couldn't go to the movie so neither could she
2. My birthday: Matt had to leave early so she did too (because no one wanted to give her a ride home after)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So like, carpooling has its downsides
Bill: True and true.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm not saying it's always bad
Bill: That's why I ~~excessively~~ confirm the plan before we go so no one has to do anything they don't want to, and everything can do what they want.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It definitely can be convenient
Bill: With enough foresight everyone can win. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But usually only when it's with people you really like lmao
Bill: Also true.
Bill: Which is enough of a reason to say you don't want to.
Bill: Not wanting to drive is okay, but that's not a reason that demands you helping her by going out of your way, in my opinion.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): True
Nokri (Marisa): One of many reasons I can’t go eat with my family: they casually steal cloth napkins and paper napkin dispensers off the table. Their preferred kinds as Friendly’s napkin dispensers and Olive Garden polyester napkins.
Nokri (Marisa): Reportedly once you have a good dispenser you can just take the napkins from any restaurant with paper napkins
Bill: Oh oof. That’d make me super uncomfortable too.
Nokri (Marisa): I’m just paranoid they’re gonna get caught and have us banned forever and arrested and thrown in jail.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): doubt they'd go as far as to arrest them. probably ban more likely
Nokri (Marisa): But it’s literal theft
Elfriede Faun (Tom): That'd such an odd thing to steal 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): They need napkins
Nokri (Marisa): I tried disabling my account but it wouldn’t let me because I run some servers so I guess in discord immortal <:rip:369476083248267274>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :/
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Can this raise my credit score
Elfriede Faun (Tom): owning servers? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): also huh it thinks your deleting even tho your just disabling
Nokri (Marisa): “Hello, I need a small loan of 10 billion dollars. Oh, didn’t you know? I run a discord server. Oh, interest free? Thanks.”
Elfriede Faun (Tom): How many servers you own? about uhhhh fitty
Nokri (Marisa): The more I own the more they pay me right
Bill: Do you have to disable it like that?
Bill: You can take the app off your phone, computer.
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t have the app on my computer, and what will stop me from redownloading it and checking it constantly
Bill: That’s the hard part yeah...
Nokri (Marisa): Bold of you to assume I can see a high quality meme and not share it
Bill: I don’t do a good job of it when I try and social media cleanse.
Bill: But you can also re enable the account any time too.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah but I’m not doing a media cleanse
Bill: It’s just what I call needing a break.
Nokri (Marisa): I’m trying to give everyone else a break
Bill: From... what.
Nokri (Marisa): <:rise:557579163511554050>
Bill: We can just remove that meme.
Bill: It fine.
Nokri (Marisa): Oh ok
Nokri (Marisa): You can kick me any time
Bill: No more :rise:
Bill: Easy fix.
Nokri (Marisa): WAIT NO WHAT WHAT DID YOU DO
Nokri (Marisa): YOU MURDERED HIM
Nokri (Marisa): HE WAS SO YOUNG
Bill: You said we need a break from that men.
Nokri (Marisa): He had a family to feed
Bill: I gave him a great pension.
Nokri (Marisa): They’re trying to abolish pensions in NJ
Bill: Jokes aside if you think we need a break from you, that’s a punishment not pleasure.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yeessum
Bill: And I’m still going to message you, I’ll just have to do it on messenger and reexplain all the jokes and context.
Bill: Punishments.
Nokri (Marisa): no I’m really going off the deep end here, something is horribly wrong and I dont want y’all to be bothered by it
Bill: Nope.
Bill: Do you remember what the only time you’ve ever bothered me is?
Bill: It’s when you were making decisions for me, in regards to my feelings.
Bill: How about this: I’ll promise to tell you if I’m bothered by you. No matter what it is, I’ll say “this is bothering me”. I’m sure everyone else will make same promise if it makes you worry even a little less.
Nokri (Marisa): O a list of everything annoying and bad about me would be nice but that’s also time consuming
Bill: I have no list tho.
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah and it would take a lot of time to make one
Bill: I swear I’m trying to think of something right now.
Bill: I can’t actually come up with anything.
Nokri (Marisa): I got one: me acting like this every day <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Oh sweetie you have very real depression and we know and love you through that anyway.
Bill: Obviously it’s not a good thing, but I’m not bothered by it.
Bill: Mental illness tho? He’s a DICK.
Bill: Hate that guy.
Bill: Technically you are bothering me for the same reason as before tho. You’re trying to decide what’s best for me without asking what I want. I want Marisa, as she is. I’d love for you to... improve your condition and I’ll do anything I can to help you do that of course. But that’s because it’ll help you, not because I “need” you to be different.
Bill: I accept you as who you are. Flaws and all.
Bill: So I’ll be frank with you if you do something that bothers me, and you won’t decide for me I need less Marisa?
Bill: That a deal?
Nokri (Marisa): I’d like to accept, I really would, but I just can’t believe it. I’m sorry. 

Last time I went shopping the cashier said I smelled like cinnamon so I flinched and apologized. She said she loved cinnamon and looked ready to call social services on the people I was with.
Bill: I can’t make you believe I’m not lying to you, or blowing smoke in your ears. No more than you can make believe I don’t want you in my day to day life.
Bill: Nor do I control your actions. But not having you around? Would bother me.
Bill: ❤️🧡💛💙💙💜🖤
Bill: Fuck I missed the green one.
Bill: Why’d you smell like cinnamon?
Nokri (Marisa): It’s ok furbies and tamagotchi are making a comeback
Nokri (Marisa): I was cooking with cinnamon
Bill: Ooooh that makes more sense than a cinnamon body lotion or something.
Bill: Cinnamon lotion would be weird?
Bill: I think it’s a little too kitcheny to use for a scent.
Nokri (Marisa): Sometimes cinnamon is just nice to dump all over yourself and roll around in

There’s a lot of cinnamon lotion
Nokri (Marisa): especially during Christmas
Bill: Owo?
Bill: Really.
Bill: I didn’t know that. Mawisa teaching me new things every day.
Nokri (Marisa): My machine just messed up big time and made a big hole and I bled all over the fabric trying to unjam it <:rip:369476083248267274> 
This is like a solid 4 inch hole rip
Bill: Are YOU okay?
Nokri (Marisa): I can patch the fabric up but it’ll be noticeable
Nokri (Marisa): I think I got most of the blood out, it splattered and the fabric is off white and the enzyme cleaner we have is too strong  aaaaaaaaaaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): <:thinku:543194478614413318> <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: are YOU. Okay.
Nokri (Marisa): I’m waiting for the blood to stop so i can patch up the hole
Bill: I don’t care about the fabric, are you properly treating your wound?
Nokri (Marisa): I ran it under the leaky sink
Nokri (Marisa): All there is to do is wait
Bill: Do you have a band aid?
Bill: Is it deep?
Nokri (Marisa): It’s just a needle puncture
Bill: Okay phew.
Bill: Err. Lol I have no idea how bad those are.
Bill: Are they like paper cuts?
Nokri (Marisa): Like vertical papercuts maybe
If not for the bleeding I wouldn’t know it’s there
Bill: Phew. That’s all you had to say lol
Nokri (Marisa): i don't really care about my physical status it already sucks anyway
don't stab yourself with a needle to try it out though
Bill: You don’t but I do!
Nokri (Marisa): gotta save the fabric
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Mannn I feel like your living situation is no good for you 🤔 
I think your so much better off on your own :/
Bill: You did seem happier in Japan... 😭
Nokri (Marisa): yeah probably. more distractions. i was still incredibly sad but i was also able to do more. things were affordable and close by.
Nokri (Marisa): like look at the philadelphia zoo, it's $23. i was able to get a year long pass to tokyo's biggest zoo for cheaper than the price of a one day admission to the philly zoo.
Nokri (Marisa): i guess i also knew what was expected of me? work and school, behave a specific way around people who expect me to act a certain way.
now i have no idea what's expected of me because it's always something incredibly random. yesterday at work i was training lifeguards and the day before i was going through records looking for voided checks from 2017.
Nokri (Marisa): it's easier to hold yourself together if there's routine
Bill: I understand that. While I was job hunting after college I felt pretty lost. Everything before graduation is spelled out, like the board game of Life.
Bill: All that open ended ness is scary.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah I definitely understand that too, not having a straight forward task to complete.. uhh or I guess yeah like you said, knowing what's expected of you everday
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Forming a routine
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It helps build that...  stability? I think that's the word I'm looking for
Nokri (Marisa): and now there are bugs on the fabric
where did they come from
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Many bugs or just some buggies
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Bugs are impressive
Nokri (Marisa): like three
so scary i abandoned it
Nokri (Marisa): house centipedes ick
Bill: Will Sylvia eat them.
Bill: She protecc?
Nokri (Marisa): nooo i won't let her
Bill: She just hunger.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Those things are terrifying
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wouldn't let my cat eat them. Mawisa protec
Bill: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/btb5si/what_are_some_red_flags_of_a_bad_friendship/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app I do not like this thread same I am.
