Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): damn problem customer just sent in 5 new POs from all the quotes we've done lately. 4 of which they want all on the 14th of August which is 23 assemblies
Aldus Larian (Jess): They need to go
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): mind you, all of the quotes say "3-4 week lead time"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so like, what the *actual* fuck
Aldus Larian (Jess): my coworker is explaining how if hes losing in mario kart he unplugs his friends controller 
anyway, he has to die now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm assuming this is for like, Game Cube? 
*otherwise how do you unplug a wireless contoller*
Nokri (Marisa): THATS SO MEAN
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye game cube
Nokri (Marisa): ~~I would beat him with the controller if it got unplugged~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's when I'd unplug the console
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *no one can win*
Nokri (Marisa): Power move
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): literally
Nokri (Marisa): I was gonna send dream catchers to people in japan as a Christmas gift because that’s something uniquely (native) American they might like, but I feel like I need one too with all the nightmares I’ve had lately
Aldus Larian (Jess): :O!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have tiny red one
Nokri (Marisa): ooo! where did you get it?

I should have a few, but I think they're all upstairs. I can check but I've have them for over 10 years so they might be full. do they fill up?
i have a blue one, and one I made at a camp out of cardboard and yarn and feathers when i was really really little
Aldus Larian (Jess): my grandma bought it for me from a flea market when i was like maybe 7?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I havent used it since i moved out but i didnt get a ton a nightmares when i did !
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanted it cuz it was my fav color
Aldus Larian (Jess): i got a red stuffed smiley face too, i wonder what happened to him
Nokri (Marisa): time to go digging for childhood treasures
Nokri (Marisa): i had a box that was supposed to be a time capsule
but i didn't want to put actual things in there, so i wrote down precious things on slips of paper and put them in there
i think i originally wanted to wait like, 5 years to open it? but that came and passed and i still didn't open it, so it remained shut for a lot longer
when i finally did open it some time in high school, i didn't recognize or remember any of the things I had written down 😭
Nokri (Marisa): oh sweet, two good manga just updated to distract me from sad memories eyy
Nokri (Marisa): THREE GOOD MANGA
Aldus Larian (Jess): AWW D:!
Nokri (Marisa): i was all excited, like, "memories!!! i'll get to take a fun trip down memory lane!"
and i opened it and all I could do was <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH NO!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh no :(
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Did it not make any sense?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah. a couple things i had a little inkling of a memory of? like "I think this used to be ____..."
but most things were totally foreign to the me at the time. they were definitely important to me / a big part of my life when i wrote them all down sometime in early elementary school, but looking at them when i was older was like a stranger had written them all. i think some were names of imaginary friends? but it was all lost to me <:f_respect:575713016297947157>
Bill: Well, people completely change every 7 years, or so they say.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeahh I had some too, I've def forgotten them all
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I forget so much in elementary
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I was super wierd and had a ton of problems in elementary especially tho
Nokri (Marisa): the 7 years thing is physically, i think. all your skin cells are different in that time range or something
Bill: it's about your life too.
Bill: 7 years ago was what... freshman year of college, at least for me. I'm a different person than I was back then.
Bill: Not as different as I'd LIKE to be.
Bill: But different.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im a different person but i wouldn't say im *completely* different
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ew 7 years ago *was* freshman year of college... holy shit we're old
Bill: > On conference call 
> explaining how to do a procedure with a particular piece of software this person will be maintaining
> they download a file
> they open their downloads to copy that file to the code folder
> multiple versions of their resume recently edited in downloads
> 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmaoo
Bill: *I don't want to own this dashboard anymore, if she leaves and I have to manage it again I kill a bitch*
Aldus Larian (Jess): wow i dont wanna do shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:mood:543191222127296522>
Bill: mood
Tikur (Kurtis): https://media.tenor.com/images/5792e0cf43623e49179aaecfe5bb2322/tenor.gif
Bill: > Me: "You might need to contact these people in the future"
> them: "Ah I see"
> Them: "Can you post the link to contact-"
> Me: "It's in the documentation I gave you when initially."
> Them: "-them to our slack channel so we can find-"
> Me: "It's in the documentation I gave you when initially."
> Them: "Oh"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Boss: "we need to stick to our branding"
Me: *Has completely overhauled branding since I've been here, has strict colors and fonts i stick too for this reason"
Boss: "What if we used RED"
Aldus Larian (Jess): im getting so irritated with my coworker today
Aldus Larian (Jess): Bosses son: "so do this"
Aldus Larian (Jess): "Your dad told me not to
Bosses son: "Ok, so you're gonna do this"
Aldus Larian (Jess): UGH
Aldus Larian (Jess): TGIF fam
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): "also heres a whole powerpoint to edit, by EOD"
Aldus Larian (Jess): thanks for the heads up
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dun wanna work i wanna draw
Aldus Larian (Jess): i would like to not have this weird nervous energy for no reason, thanks
Bill: Oh GOD mood.
Bill: Nervous energy the worst cause you don’t know what to not think about or when you’ll just flip.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): SAME
El🆓de Faun (Tom): IM DYING YO
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok so my coworker (the one i like with the baby) Got in a car accident yesterday, her brakes are bad and ash was waiting for new ones to come in but she was on her way to work (with her baby in the back) and slipped on gravel, couldn't brake well enough and flipped the car off the road.

So. shes on some Sussex County back road with no service, her baby is unresponsive but luckily only for a little bit. She gets to the back of the car ad gets her and her baby out, proceeding to yell until luckily someone found her. 

Cops show up, blame her for "being on her phone" Shes young but she's a responsible girl and she wouldn't do that especially with her daughter in the car. 

Shes goes to the hospital to get her daughter checked out and then STILL comes into work wich cuts and wiplash and her chest bruised from her seatbelt

AND my dick of a boss (who is her grandfather mind you) YELLS ate her for not being more carefull
Aldus Larian (Jess): he also proceeded to tell her this all happened to her because she needs to "turn to god" as if hes some great example of a christian himself
Aldus Larian (Jess): She shouldn't have even come in yesterday but she needs the fucking money and didn't want to get yelled at for not coming to work
Aldus Larian (Jess): he has no regard for even his own family and its sickening
Tikur (Kurtis): Oh my God! That's absolutely sickening
Aldus Larian (Jess): this girl is 19 years old shes telling me this yesterday morning and im almost in tears
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i just wanted to hug her but like she was in pain so
Aldus Larian (Jess): and shes still sore today also
Tikur (Kurtis): Holy shit....that's insane.  All the distance hugs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what the fuck
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i hate him
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's so shitty of your boss???
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what a cunt
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): poor girl 😭
Bill: I’ll revoke his Bill card and give him a Dick card.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea hes a fucking assholw
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i saw her yesterday morning and she looks absolutely exhausted and said she had never been more scared in her life
Aldus Larian (Jess): and then later i heard him "talking to" her and i was trying to listen in but i couldnt understand him
Aldus Larian (Jess): she said he basically blamed her for everything and told her to get her life together and implied she was stupid
Aldus Larian (Jess): he's also didnt understand why her brakes weren't done sooner and she was like "i just got my first paycheck they are in the mail. i literally could not purchase them"
Aldus Larian (Jess): so anyway thats my rant about how my boss is an inhumane piece of shit
El🆓de Faun (Tom): What an asshole
Aldus Larian (Jess): I HATE POWERPOINT UGH
Aldus Larian (Jess): sorry i just needed to say that
Bill: You didn't *need* to say it.

Because oh god. Do we know. XD
Bill: Powerpoint is death.
Bill: and excel.
Bill: office, really.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i really wish someone told me part of being a graphic designer was getting suck with making power points
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok. its done. thank god
Aldus Larian (Jess): now i just have to make it 20 mins without someone wanting changes
Bill: I should try and recoup some billable hours since I was at the complex all day...
Bill: I want to make that... Monday's me problem tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): thank GOD thats over
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ahhhhhh I have tried to get dinner with gen and Chris so many times
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They cancelled tonight again ahhhh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's why I usually just give up after the first try
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Gen is really scattered and honestly I feel like that’s what’s keeping me from a deeper friendship with her
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like Chris has been all ready to go
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like a lot of couples be like that, one is the disaster lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Gen joins seems to just have her own interests in mind from what I've seen
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She totally forgot she had D&D tonight
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): When I asked about dinner like way in advance ahaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): it took at least 20 minutes out of both of her 30 minutes shoot to start taking pictures during otakon ;A;
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like this is such a unique opportunity because normally they’re three hours away
Nokri (Marisa): we were both there on time she was just distracted by a lot of other stuff
maybe the same thing keeps happening?
Bill: I love Gen, but don’t chase people who don’t put aside time for you consistently.
Bill: It’s a bad time.
