Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Facebook reminded me it's Ethan's birthday and I was half tempted to write "It is your birthday."
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmfao
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I love learning from other co-workers that we're closed on Friday
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): When boss man apparently told them like, last Thursday or Friday
Aldus Larian (Jess): do you get thursday also?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yup
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Thursday is paid holiday. Friday would be unpaid
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I also leave for vacation Friday, so that's nice
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh nice! where u goin?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Cleveland > Cincinnati > Nashville > Pigeon Forge
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/summerbreak-summer-vibes-l0IykRHhsuBYastNK
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh nice!
Aldus Larian (Jess): goin with friends?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my friend Joey
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): who I went to RTX with last year
Aldus Larian (Jess): awesome! have fun!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): thanks! we've got a lot of shit planned and I'm excited
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): A taste of our itinerary:
- Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum
- Brew bus tour plus other brewery visits
- American Sign Museum (sounds lame but actually looks pretty cool)
- Helicopter river tour
- Zorbing
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg that sounds amazing. Sign museum actually sounds cool af for a design nerd take pics!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): ahhh thats so cool
Nokri (Marisa): You have so few tabs open
I hope the sign museum has ample signage
Nokri (Marisa): The ultrasound lady was a little odd after my appointment today. It started normally but when I was leaving she was acting differently. I窶冦 either dying or I acted so weirdly she was disturbed by my behavior while laying down and staring at the ceiling.
Aldus Larian (Jess): or maybe she just has something personal going on that started to bug her
Nokri (Marisa): Nah I窶冦 a dying freak probably
Nokri (Marisa): At least the tufts of hair on the side of my bangs have regrown to anime length
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YO wave at the weezer sign when you stop at the rock and roll hall of fame for me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): will do!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): W for Wumbo
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ohhh chris went to the sign museum, they have really fucking cool enamel pins you can buy as a souvenir
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And he said it was so surreal and cool. You'll love it!
Nokri (Marisa): Do they sell signs in their gift shop because that窶囘 be really funny if they didn窶冲
Tikur (Kurtis): I have run away from work and no one can stop me
Tikur (Kurtis): It's Chipotle time
El氣電e Faun (Tom): QOOO
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I wan some chipotle
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ooooo lunch
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I had chicken fingers
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A good time
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
Aldus Larian (Jess): my coworker is so basic white boi
Tikur (Kurtis): Time to shove this meat pillar in my mouth
Tikur (Kurtis): Meat pillar devoured so delicious 沽
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > me, not really working on work
> annoying girl walks in "I'm bored"
> I immediately start working on actual work
> Her: "I'm here until 5:30 today"
> Me: "Why?"
> Her: "To make up hours"
> Me: "Ah"
> Her: "The *Walking Dead* comic ended"
> Me, not looking up from my computer: "Did it?"
> Her: "Yeah, like really abruptly. I guess they just ran out of ideas"
> Me, still not looking up: "Ok"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMAO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > awkward silence
> she leaves
> I immediately start typing this
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Im sorry to ruin y'all's day but, that fetish model Belle Delphine is 
Selling her bathwater... For 30$ a jar
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And her instaposts about it
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Are the cringieat shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yummy
Nokri (Marisa): why would i pay for premium model bathwater when i can buy regular water that tastes like a girl's sweat for $2
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh is she egg girl?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Pornhub coming in SAVAGE
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Ye egg girl
Aldus Larian (Jess): I hate people
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ...what was her pornhub stunt.... I'm scared
Aldus Larian (Jess): She like told everyone she'd make a pornhub if she got a certain amount of like likes or followers or something so she did but she doesn't do porn on it and a bunch of dudes got really mad and felt "betrayed"
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I googled it too, she uploaded a video titled "scissoring" but its her cutter a piece of paper and moaning or some shit
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *how low do you have to stoop for attention?*
