Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oooh started getting porn bots following me on tumblr. Glad the porn ban was so successful <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Spotify web player is down and now I can't function at work
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): GADDAMMIT WITH THESE SHITTY CUSTOMER DRAWINGS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm fucking sick of finding mistakes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Look over your shit before it gets approved
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jesus Christ
Bill: THEY ARE CLOSING THE STARBUCKS NEXT DOOR TO MY OFFICE
Bill: FUCK
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 😱
Bill: *thank god they’re reopening the one down the block*
Bill: Had to wait till the team wide meeting to get my questions answered, which have delayed me doing *any* work all morning.
Bill: Vincent is doing a "lunch and learn" presentation today for us in indellient and like. As far as teambuilding goes... that's boring?
Bill: <@!301927856240459777> Are you feeling any better today?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ugh I missed a BC pill the other day so my period is back. I'm exhausted and crampy and I wanna go home 😭 I keep zoning out
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh no I'm so sorry :c
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'll live, I'm just mentally kicking myself for forgetting
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh yo I was playing the “is this cramps, hunger, or diarrhea” with my abdomen pains today
Aldus Larian (Jess): ALL
Bill: Booo presentations
Bill: What is this college.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): LMAO I sent some more corrections to our customer's engineer and they replied with the corrections and tried to say "sorry for the inconsistencies" but wrote "sorry for incontinent" xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao i got sent a past due invoice on accident we owe a company $13,000 XD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lololol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): welp, guess who has great posture the rest of the day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): pulled something in my back
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): trying to handle this massive cable
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: That sucks tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ugh that sucks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's about 175lb
Bill: WAT
Bill: Big cable.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 55 feet long
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ahhhh
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We do long cables but they not that heavy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): big boi
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Snekky snekk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *they thicc bois*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): DAMNN
El🆓de Faun (Tom): What are they used for?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): power cables of some sort. the company makes cleaning solutions for like semiconductors and stuff
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh neet,so your company makes stuff for just all around uses?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Time to lay in my car for half an hour
Bill: Mood.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): nah we're build-to-print. customer sends drawing and BOM, we buy components, assemble and ship to them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _he four minutes late now_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): maybe he'll feel bad being late twice and just give me the position huh huh
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <@301927856240459777> you alright? In the physical sense at least
Nokri (Marisa): nice phrasing
Bill: MAWISA!
Bill: How do I meme like the 2000s, glomp XD rawr?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): So random xd
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WOO HE "LOVES MY LESSON PLAN" AND THINKS IM "DEFINITELY QUALIFIED" AND WILL "DO ALL HE CAN TO FIND ME A POSITION" WOO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hes even going to ask the engineering department if i can fill any of their openings
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Woo!!!! Congrats! That sounds like a great thing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): phew ok i sent him the list of courses that would likely overlap with the engineering department
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Awesome!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): now i gotta find 5-7 references wowee
