Nokri (Marisa): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Well fuck
Nokri (Marisa): pasquale???
Aldus Larian (Jess): uh ohh
Nokri (Marisa): *pasquale no*
Nokri (Marisa): is there a reason this is bad other than pasquale being such a great name
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He’s a cool guy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He’s very go with the flow and supportive
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But they disagreed about long term goals
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I imagine that isn’t going well...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also will (whitefangcosplay) posted about his GF and I was like “wow she looks hella young (ruffimut)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nope she’s my age
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _is this how others see me_
Bill: It took four snoozes but I convinced sleepy me to go along with the breakfast plan. Isn’t bad at all.
Bill: HOLY FUCK tho I turned to look at the glass doors in the shower and there was a massive spider not 5 feet from my head I could barely make out without glasses. True fear.
Bill: Saw a cute girl studying in Starbucks. Not that I have time to stop with 60 miles left to work, but also she had noise cancelling headphones on and was doing her own thing so like. Why would she ever want to be bothered by me/another human being? She clearly doesn’t want to be, that’s why I have the same headphones.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): One time I saw something in the shower that I thought was a clump of hair but then it kept moving and I realized it was a massive spider and I freaked out
Bill: Fucking hell CarPlay won’t work.
Bill: Which is my only source of navigation.
Bill: Excuse me while I’m livid.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You can't use your phone?
Bill: For voice nav, but I don’t have a dash mount to use the map. Which everyone can judge me for complaining about since it’s first world, but I paid good money for my car and expect it to work.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea, but you can still use it in a pinch
Bill: Yeah.
Bill: ~~I’m aware bar my emotional issues with relationships and the depression that comes from that my problems are incredibly first world to most of you but sometimes you just gotta blow off steam~~
Bill: Oh rip I forgot my Ibm badge too.
Bill: Today is a mess.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): buuuut at least you had breakfast (?)
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Ye. I’m still pretty jammin.
Bill: But boi what a mess.
Bill: Looool the gate guy remembers me from all the times my badge was expired and not renewed (cause IBM manager is scatterbrained) so he just let me in.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats good!
Bill: I still have to talk to the security inside.
Bill: Eh.
Bill: My true worst fear is forgetting my laptop somehow.
Bill: I’d have nothing to do but turn around.
Bill: Although I didn’t see my headphones in my bag for a half second getting outta the car and that would have broken the Good Breakfast Mood ™
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): did you find them though?
Bill: Ye.
Bill: They just blended in cause they black lol
Bill: But real fear: not making it extremely clear I don’t want to be bothered with your Ibm problems to the ibmers.
Nokri (Marisa): BoJo offered to take me somewhere before work but I’m being stalked and don’t feel safe leaving the house despite my restraining order 👍
Nokri (Marisa): She’s been arguing on the phone all morning I feel bad for her. I hate my birthday.
Aldus Larian (Jess): being stalked? your father?
Nokri (Marisa): Ye
Nokri (Marisa): He’s being delusional and think she’s brainwashing me and that he’s done nothing wrong ever <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Nokri (Marisa): He can’t even spell my name right
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😠
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im so sorry marisa 😦 thats such bullshit
Nokri (Marisa): It’s ok it happens every year in some way
Nokri (Marisa): No ones bitten me yet <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): h-has that happened before?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah <:pew:543202259085950996> that’s why I’m very selective about who gets invited to stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): WTF D:
Nokri (Marisa): Some might bite me <:lenny:395307171539189760> 
People always gave me grief for going off and doing my own thing alone on my birthday when I can, and never inviting anyone else, but years of bad experiences is the reason behind it. I don’t mean to leave them out and be selfish but I’m fed up with pretending it’s a happy day.
Nokri (Marisa): I’m gonna eat a gummy vitamin <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aw yeah 😟 that's understandable given your experiences, Im sorry you have to deal with that.
Nokri (Marisa): Nah is ok <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Oof I might be at Armonk all next week last night.
Bill: There's a workshop for the team.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my coworker ate some smelly ass fast food for lunch and now i have a headache
Aldus Larian (Jess): nothing that smells strongly should be allowed to be eaten at desks 😭
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): unless its like... a cookie
Aldus Larian (Jess): cookies usually dont stink up the whole office
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): true
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i eat at my desk but its like yogurt or a wrap
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *but they should*
Bill: ~~we were talking about ibmer salary and apparently there’s semi confirmation they make 130k~~
Bill: They’re stressed to the nines but that’s some really good money.
Bill: Oh damn they probably get bonus onto of that.
Bill: ~~never thought I’d considering working at IBM~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): they prob also have to work from home at ungodly hours and have no lives
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Oh right that's why I complain about IBMers all the time.
Bill: You've saved me Jess.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Doing all the stopping for moving stuff for my mom means I’m shopping with the stay at home mom crowd most of the time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): A lot of these moms wear like cheetah print sweatpants and pink sweatshirts
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like pink the brand lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But it’s like _damn you went out today and wanted to wear cheetah print?_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I never want to reach that tier
Nokri (Marisa): they have to show their cougar spots
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): AH MARISA NO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): why is it whenever I need my boss for something, he's never fucking here
Bill: Lolol
Bill: I mean it's annoying, but it's starting to become I see Gord twice a week at MOST.
Nokri (Marisa): sounds like someone wants to see their senpai more
Aldus Larian (Jess): pretty sure my boss is mad i called out yesterday
Nokri (Marisa): wait what why call out yesterday?? :0
jess are u hurt
Aldus Larian (Jess): i threw up and my tummy hurt whenever i ate so i stay home
Aldus Larian (Jess): but i feel better now
Nokri (Marisa): omw to murder some bacteria
Bill: The only time I saw Sheema today, my only reason for being here, was on a conference call in a different room.
Bill: I think I need to talk to her about not coming up unless needed.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oof yea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you should
Bill: Okay after the freaking workshop next week where I’m supposed to be here all week, we’re shifting phases and should be working with each other more.
Bill: That’s fine too tbh.
