Kaio Vermino (Leanna): " smile more you're beautiful"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wtf
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And I honestly want to throw up
Aldus Larian (Jess): nOoOoaooo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Fucking end me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I just wanted fucking wawa mac and cheese
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): He like came up to me while I was situating myself in my car
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And held the door open
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And I was like.... sir... please dont
Nokri (Marisa): wawa parking lots are the worst oh nooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): EW WHAT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I knew I liked quickcheck more for a reason
Aldus Larian (Jess): No no no
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): This never happens there
Aldus Larian (Jess): Why. Don't. Older. Men. Know. They. Are. Creepy.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I dont know but now I want mace
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): That was way too close for comfort
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yeaaaaa
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): He was literally in my car door
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Fucking dont touch my car
Nokri (Marisa): do you carry any knives or anything?
even heavy duty bugspray can work
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I dont but ima get something now
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WOAH WHATTT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): My mother has those cat shaped bras knuckles... maybe I'll get some myself
Elfriede Faun (Tom): like that girl from okami san!
Bill: `8:04 PM] Kaio Vermino (Leanna): My mother has those cat shaped bras `
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH i have a bunch of them. they're good but mainly for short range and if the guy is already that close 😬
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Need
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): BILL
Bill: Ethan voice: "Get a gun"
Bill: That's all I saw at first and I was very confused.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I should probably enter this concert
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ... I'm scared now
Bill: /kick Leanna
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Why u wanna kick her
Bill: So she go in her concert!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oooo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:spongebobcaveman:562661849297059881>
Bill: also I used slash not  ! I'm silly.
Nokri (Marisa): there are also keychains that emit a REALLY loud noise, you could try getting one of those because it'll attract attention, hurt their ears, and you can be like "oh that's my alarm lol bye"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LOL
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Good idea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Do they accidentally go off though
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Cause I might shit myself
Nokri (Marisa): hmmm. OH yeah that might happen hehe
it's a button-based keychain but i'm not sure how sensitive the buttons are
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ..... ok maybe not then cause I will hit it accidentally
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i can see see leanna sitting on one of those and ehr spirit physically leaving her body
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I would honestly have a heart attack
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Jess too
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mood
Nokri (Marisa): there's a picture of two of them in the top row here but i also like this picture because
1.) the other keychain that's basically a metal stake to drive into your opponent and
2.) the anime figure showing up in a search for "self defense items"
Nokri (Marisa): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I want the vampire killing stake
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oh thats what that is
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): God ok I need to go inside but I've only seen men here so far and that makes me really worried
Elfriede Faun (Tom): what kinda venue?
Nokri (Marisa): "ANTI WOLF DEFENSE KEYCHAIN"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Uh uts a DIY punk show
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): On like main street of my town
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sharpen your nails
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): WHAT NAILS
Nokri (Marisa): i've only ever been to anime concerts but usually they seem safe?
oooo it's on a street
don't drink anything
Nokri (Marisa): YOUR NAILS LEANNA YOUR HAND AND TOE NAILS
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I chew my finger nails off so I guess Toe nails will do
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I'm gonna kick creepy men with sharp toes.... that's so gross lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oof
Nokri (Marisa): send them to the hospital with deep toe scratches
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Nokri (Marisa): they'll never know what hit em
Aldus Larian (Jess): Kill em
Nokri (Marisa): prayer circle for leanna <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Nokri (Marisa): bring it in y'all <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im so social exhausted right now and idk why
Aldus Larian (Jess): I guess 4 hrs of small talk at the hairdresser?
Nokri (Marisa): that'll do it
Nokri (Marisa): at least your hair has a nice dress now
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): My roots are blonde again whooo
Nokri (Marisa): Haha hey bossman. Could you not message me at near midnight to do work when I have to get up at 6am tomorrow? Haha thanks.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You were already sleeping <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): Sleep message
Aldus Larian (Jess): What did he message u aboit
Nokri (Marisa): I have to design and print some cards for them to look at for the pool opening <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Aldus Larian (Jess): By when?
Bill: > get in car 
> radio comes on
> I want you to want me 
> I JUST got that out of my head THANKS
Bill: Oof
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wut
Aldus Larian (Jess): WTF lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Well, you *do* have a son...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Not even an oof...  I’m not posting in the vent-support channel because I’m feeling great. Not that anyone is obligated to but. It’s bothering me. Course that just makes me petty and/or needy, so even complaining is stupid.
Aldus Larian (Jess): whats bothering you?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I thought your oof was a continuation of the previous thought
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like the song was still stuck in your head
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Because you gave no context
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): If you want to get a response from friends, you need to give context, or people are gonna assume, we aren’t mind readers
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea i mean having a song stuck in your head isn't really enough context and there isnt much too say.

And i also thought the oof was a continuation of that because theres no context.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 👆
