Bill: If I didn’t have to pee, I’d totally consider a nap in the parking lot before going into Armonk.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I am so dead 💀
Bill: yuuuuup
Aldus Larian (Jess): ITS RIGHT THERE ITS THE FIRST LINE
N🆗ri (Marisa): who is he
Aldus Larian (Jess): the girl reading this
Bill: I had one meeting I can go home right?
N🆗ri (Marisa): ask your mother
Bill: Lol no.
Aldus Larian (Jess): omg then he calls me and asks "so what is his name?"
Bill: My family is a bunch of workaholics.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im like "its right there , in the screenshot"
Aldus Larian (Jess): "and i just replied to your email, also with his name"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm actually being productive today 😭
Bill: *so you need psychiatic-help?*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not having Discord open on desktop and having phone on Do Not Disturb mode really helps lmao
Bill: But are you really happier.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): No, just adding to the work conversation
Bill: Ever been so tired you don't lift your foot enough when talking and trip over yourself?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yes
Aldus Larian (Jess): all the time
Bill: mood.
Aldus Larian (Jess): brain fog is real today yall
Bill: mmmmm
Bill: There's low key something bothering me in the back of my head but I don't know what it is and don't have the mental energy to... figure it out?
Bill: So I'm just ignoring it.
Bill: The power of being tired.
Bill: *That's why I said connection made dumbass*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i love that hal did the send me an emoji thing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and has to add platonically after the i love you
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like man dude no ones gonna assume youre romantically confessing
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LmAO that was you?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL NO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): OH
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): GOOD
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): THANK GOD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i considered sending an emoji reply TBH but thats just mean
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): BECAUSE FUCKIGN YIKES
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~dont fucking give me notes that i cant read and then treat me like an idiot when i cant decipher what you mean~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): i hate being talked down too so fucking much
N🆗ri (Marisa): get on a chair
Bill: ~~Sorry if I do that and yell at me if I do~~
Bill: I know you aren't talk about me, but I know I'm an arrogant SoB
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the news report from the livestream I'm watching ended and now its just live footage of the church burning in the distance, wind blowing into the microphone, and it's really eery
Aldus Larian (Jess): I finally have tome for lunch but it's so late I might just not
