Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I was kinda jealous of the party peeps at Otakon not gonna lie
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cause they looked like they were havin a blast
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But Instagram makes it just look like a meg-snow circle jerk
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So that feels better
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea, dont be jelly
Bill: Meg mentioned Tyler and Danielle were being weird and Brandon refused to cosplay so there was chaos there. Peter’s group... shrug.
Bill: I have eye bags woo I need sleep.
Bill: Mag never texted me with her number so I guess I was just included in her asking for numbers because I was there.
Bill: I’d have been down to wander bars if it was another con.
Bill: Actually, they’ll both be at ANYC. Maybe I should be like “if you wanna do that there im in”
Aldus Larian (Jess): do they do that? i thought they just drank in thier rooms
Bill: Mag wanted to do that specifically. The rest had a room party.
Bill: Tyler and Brandon group do clubs.
Aldus Larian (Jess): got it got it
Bill: Not that I could have done any of that Saturday night. 😂
Bill: I like. Wanna be accepted by all of the RTX people but also know they’d wear me out after a few hours.
Bill: I was thinking that the other day and that it’s kinda weird.
Nokri (Marisa): rtx has  lot of people
Nokri (Marisa): good luck getting all 20000+ of them to accept you
Bill: You right I’ll forget it.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ugh one of our customers is auditing us today and tomorrow and it's so stressful...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): already have one finding that's partially my fault
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): almost had a freakout yesterday because we've had issues with them in the past for lead contamination and I was scanning one of our solder pots yesterday and it was giving me a high reading. turns out the pot wasn't completely cooled down which threw off the reading
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): today is going so slow
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I finished the very simple task that I dragged out to last all day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): still have an hour and a half left
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wtf why is today so slow
Bill: mm, it's a slow one.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@!184437198865563648>, bless those puzzle games you linked a while back. They're helping me kill time
Nokri (Marisa): how about a pokemon quiz
it's been really popular on japanese twitter
there's a translation on how to do it here
https://soranews24.com/2019/07/29/which-pokemon-are-you-official-quiz-reveals-your-poke-personality-and-how-to-take-it-in-english/
Nokri (Marisa): i got snorlax
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): I got Lapras!
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I wanna do but how can I do
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Prob not on phone
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
