Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Customer has been itching for a quote and plans to order and wants it in like 2 weeks. I told them that we are very busy at the moment so they offered to pay for it to be expedited. So I bumped the material markup by another 10% and charged almost twice for labor <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Mind you, we're busy *with other orders for them*
Aldus Larian (Jess): rip them
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh damn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > While I was on vacation we got 3 requests for quotes from this customer totaling 26 assemblies. No one did the labor portion which is my responsibility, so that's what I came back to.
> We also got another RFQ from another customer for 17 assemblies. My boss was going to work on these but then decided to just give them to me when I got back. Thanks, I hate it.
> We've gotten 3 new RFQs *just this week* from the same first customer, totaling 13 more assemblies (one of the packages didn't have manufacturer part numbers listed so have to wait for them to give us that info so we can get pricing)
> We also got another quote request from another customer this week as well

So it's just been RFQ hell this week and I'm really over it
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats like not even supposed to be your job right?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's part of my job. The way we do it is when we get a request in, I fill out the Excel sheet that calculates the estimated labor cost. Our purchasing person creates the BOMs and gets material pricing and then we put that together for the price.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo ok
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but this one customer keeps sending requests for multiple new assemblies, orders them, then wants them ASAP so sometimes we have like 3 different POs for them at a time with like 20 assemblies to make (which will usually only be a one-shot order of 2-10 pieces of each assembly so the chances of them ordering again are slim to none)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I'm supposed to make assembly procedures for each one of them, but that takes way too long so I've just been doing very generic APs that basically just have all the tooling info for the different contacts that get crimped to the wires and generic assembly notes and then production mostly goes by the drawing for everything else
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea that sounds like a pain in the ass
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and yet, here I am fucking around on Discord
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): god I'm a mess lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): what a mood
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and today's Friday so I'm in that frustrating mindset of "Oh, everyone leaves at 11. I'll get more work done when there's barely anyone here" but then everyone leaves and I'm like "No one's here so I don't feel like doing any work"
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA im honestly the same way shit can be blowing up here and iim like "fuck it"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And now I'm neglecting my work to look for a Zen coat
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I found a really good one but it's double breasted instead of single
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'll probably just end up buying the EZCosplay one
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats prob the way to go unless you wanna make your own ~~but that seems hard~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07NW554BN/ref=twister_B07NW5WFJ6?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The goal would be to find a coat and just add the decorations to it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *definitely also want to do this look*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~don't know why I'm talking about this in the vent chat...~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): this server is a lawless wasteland
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea that one would be perf if it wasnt double
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was just in the break room getting coffee and my boss's wife was telling me about how she forgot to spray anti-dear stuff on the garden this morning so their garden is gonna get wrecked. and he walks in so she like makes a comment about it too him  (hes not mad or anything) and he jokes about "taking responsibility" so I say "come on you can't be mad at her, she's too cute!" and hes like "that much be some feminist thing"  like BRO I just gave you an open to compliment your wife smh
El氣電e Faun (Tom): WOAHHH
El氣電e Faun (Tom): THAT MUST BE A FEMINIST THING FOR BEING TOO CUTE
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Djakhfhrjdjbdd
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I CANT EBEDMFE
El氣電e Faun (Tom): HOLY CRAP DUDE
Aldus Larian (Jess): "thinking MY wife must be a feminist thing"
El氣電e Faun (Tom): YEAH WHAT THE FUCK
El氣電e Faun (Tom): HOW FAR GONE MUST YOU BE
El氣電e Faun (Tom): LIKE THINKING YOUR WOFE IS CUTE ISNT LIKE A NEW AGE THING
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): "this kids these days and thier" *looks at hand* "being attracted to thier SOs"
Aldus Larian (Jess): his wife looks damn good for her age too like give a girl some credit damn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Just got paid today. There's a $34 difference between my paycheck and my current credit card balance... <:rip:369476083248267274>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): That's insane yo
El氣電e Faun (Tom): To jess
El氣電e Faun (Tom): That's a mood Erik
Aldus Larian (Jess): i play a pivotal role here i do things like take people passport pics and help cancel uber rides
Aldus Larian (Jess): oof my coworker just got yelled at for talking to me
Bill: Looked at two more garden apartments this morning.
Aldus Larian (Jess): how'd it go?
Bill: They're... okay.
Bill: Like, I could, but I wouldn't unless my priority was to just get out.
Bill: They're cheaper than what I looked at before, no question. But a little further from the train, less enjoyable layout...
Aldus Larian (Jess): how much cheaper?
Bill: around 1,200 compared to what I was looking at before which is 1450 (but will apparently go down in the off season).
Bill: Nothing I wanna do yet.
Bill: https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2019-07-19/kyoto-animation-president-states-in-interview-that-all-materials-computers-were-destroyed-in-fire/.149142
Nokri (Marisa): one person was so badly burned they can't even tell their gender
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's awful
