Afina Tyndall (Georgia): tfw you realize chocowaffo follows 7500 people wowee
Aldus Larian (Jess): No problem biru. Is what friends are for
Bill: Love ya Jess.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Third final let’s gooooo
Bill: good lucky...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Good luck
Aldus Larian (Jess): these rainy days are killing me i shoulda stayed in bed
Bill: Want some of this nervous energy I've got going on?
Bill: Cause.
Bill: I'm waiting to like, literally explode or something.
Aldus Larian (Jess): u at work?
Bill: work from home.
Bill: ~~why wouldn't I be working?~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): i meant like "are you not in your room"
Aldus Larian (Jess): i should have said "are you work *ing*"
Aldus Larian (Jess): but your the only person i talk to who works from home so i just ask "are u at work" cuz im more used to it
Bill: lol that's fine, I'm just wondering why you might think I'm not.
Bill: I only take off for cons lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk man
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's gonna be a long ass day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just no energy to do anything
Bill: You can have alllll this energy frens it’s making me hella uncomfortable.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nervous energy dont help u get stuff done tho
Bill: ~~I just don’t want it~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~yeet it away, we dont want it XD~~
Bill: ~~I tried all morning~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): time to go back to bed
Bill: Nah I got work to do.
Bill: *And who can sleep with nervous energy anyway*
Aldus Larian (Jess): dont drink coffee if you havent already
Bill: Funny I was just going to get that.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): decaf
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea prob not a good idea? idk it makes me worse when i feel like that
Aldus Larian (Jess): decaf good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I found two more apartments last night and I emailed them about coming in to look at them so we'll see where that goes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but that first one is still gonna be tough to beat
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): these ones are cheaper (not sure what all is included though) but they're smol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.apartments.com/spring-valley-sinking-spring-pa/ks7bnwb/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.apartments.com/berkshire-hills-townhomes-and-apartments-sinking-spring-pa/jynkg45/
Aldus Larian (Jess): counter space whoa
Bill: You looking easy or west of wyommingsn?
Bill: Whatever that town you live in is called.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): doesn't really matter
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Bill what's the thing you used for the BNE map?
Bill: Google maps.
Bill: My maps section.
Bill: https://www.google.com/maps/d/home?hl=en&hl=en
Bill: Katy's complex is about an hour east of you, but if that's viable I can give you the info.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's a little far lol
Bill: I figured.
Bill: But twas worth checking,
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): appreciate it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but yeah all the apartments I'm looking at are like 10-15 minutes from work
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): One more final down, and I don’t actually think I failed wOO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Time 4 nap and then study for tomorrow’s exam
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _less than 24 hours left of suffering my dudes_
Bill: mm.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): GOOD JOB
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): https://tenor.com/view/doing-amazing-great-gif-8764163
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAY!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wow chocowaffo raised 111 dollars, it’s a shame only 55 of that is going to charity
Bill: To be fair, some money towards cancer is better than none.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): could also just donate directly to the charity
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm the only person here who uses oxford comma, so they get marked as "incorrect" by Boss #2.

Boss throws fit over the fact that something i wrote (not my job) has "errors"

Tells me I need to get grammerly (grammer check program)  on my computer so i can check everything with it

Grammerly's blog says oxford commas are proper. 

<:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): send this to your boss and tell him he's a dunce
Aldus Larian (Jess): god i wish i had the balls for that
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like I'm doing body copy for our flyers and that isnt even my job and i get reprimanded for it anyway
Aldus Larian (Jess): "this is going to be going to teachers it needs to be correct"
TEACHERS USE OXFORD COMMAS
Bill: So I use oxford too.... But I don't get the joke for the image.
Bill: Like I know it has to do with the way it's read, my grammar just isn't good enough.
Aldus Larian (Jess): without the oxford comma it apears that the strippers are jfk and stalin
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the second who they invited the strippers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the strippers are JFK and Stalin
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): as if introducing them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Who doesn’t use Oxford what
Bill: gottttcha.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Everyone at my work doesnt use oxford commas and its frustrating
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oxford comma is actually a good song lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): IT IS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _passive aggressively play throughout the workface_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Boss #2 has litterally said to me "people who use the oxford comma are the poor and uneducated and obviously wen to public school"
Aldus Larian (Jess): I cant even tell you how insulting that was
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): WHAT THE FUCK??
Aldus Larian (Jess): like well you hired this poor, uneducated, public school educated person so fuck you
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ```It's known as the Oxford comma because it was traditionally used by printers, readers, and editors at Oxford University Press```
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i dont know?
Aldus Larian (Jess): OXFORD IS AN IVY LEAGUE SCHOOL? right?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yes because the poor and uneducated work for the Oxford University Press
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Aldus Larian (Jess): exactly
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i just didnt say anything but i was so fucking insulted
Aldus Larian (Jess): especially because IM RIGHT
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ivy League is US, Oxford is in UK
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but like
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i cant believe that my professors, phd holders, are so uneducated that they use oxford commas
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's a prestigious UK University
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea like <:huh:555585958146473984>
Aldus Larian (Jess): i knew i was going to get really emotional (i.e. too emotional cuz im a woman) so i just didnt say anything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): instead of napping i started taking down decor to move out tomorrow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): high functioning fatigue™
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This bitch so empty
Bill: Exhaustion can actually be a good mindset to get work done.
Bill: When I’m in a funk I can get stuff done too.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i needed the mental rest and physical stimulant i guess
Bill: Yup. You’re worn out enough you can focus on a task without your brain bothering you.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): scheduled another apartment tour
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): kind of late because doing it after work would be cutting it too close to their closing hours
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I'm busy this Saturday
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so next Saturday <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really need to get lunches that are low carb because I'm even more tired than I was this morning
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): where is snow gettin these sponsorships what
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~if by "sponsorship" she means the regular program they do where they give everyone a code to give out for discounts~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 👀
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:ishetho:573830887485997097>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i see she just wanted an opportunity to brag then
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YES
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): O BABY THE PROFESSOR GAVE ME MATERIAL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): BEGINNINGS OF A RESEARCH OPPORTUNITY IN MY FIELD WOOOO
Bill: Nuclear professor?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye the one i ~~basically stalked for an hour~~ talked to last week
Bill: Proud of you.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yay congrats!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its not an official offer but if she didnt want me im assuming she wouldve ignored my email
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so there is _hope_
Bill: There never wasn't.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): well hope for this particular professor
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): there is never a lack of hope that i would get research
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but this is like, _the lady_ to ask
Bill: if it's meant to be it will be.
Bill: Or this is another twist and the real great offer is coming around the corner.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean i got rejected from all the other internships i applied for for the school year
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): sO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this was plan B
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): though i do have a plan C
Bill: ~~I'm saying it'll work out and I believe in you~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _oh_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: ~~Am I that hard to decipher?~~ 😅
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Soooommmmetimes, although that's more akin to text communication being easily able to miscontrue
Bill: Me, imaging everytime I was trying to be nice in the last two years has been misconstrued: <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nahhhh
Bill: > flipping through bumble
> shitty grainy photos that are too close up or of a terrible angle of the person
> me: *Don’t you care at all about how you present your profile, this kind of thing will have you at the bottom of the barrel*
> realizes to be observing this I am at the bottom of the barrel
> My primary picture is from normiecon so that’s not why aaaah
Bill: *groan*
Bill: Not that I care at the moment but.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My mom messaged me basically demanding to know my exact odometer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s probably not urgent but she didn’t tell me why she needed it when I asked
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And now I’m weirdly concerned about it <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: You own the car right?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): registration renewal?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I know you usually have to put your odometer reading down when submitting your registration renewal
Bill: That or you mom had a trade in deal cross her desk and is thinking about taking it to replace your truck.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Wack
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I told her the last thing I had written, which was for service
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And she said “ok I just needed to know +/- 300 miles”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): .-.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _what adult thing is being withheld from me_
Bill: Do you really have the bandwidth to understand it anyway.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk but it is doing me a frighten
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like I did something wrong
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like get a ticket or not drive through an ez pass slow enough 😭
Bill: lol The odometer isn't going to matter for that.
Bill: Don't worry about it.
Bill: Your mom can handle it, and it's probably not bad.
Bill: She might be scheduling you a service appointment.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): You could uhh ask
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh you did
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Nani
