Bill: WOW tho. So. Chris and Meina got low key drunk at the social. Meina is totally okay with cheating on her boyfriend if it's to "follow her heart" and Chris is lowkey (actually lowkey) sexist, and believes the only reason not to cheat on your wife is cause it's too much effort.
Bill: Normies are SHIT
Bill: They were like, about to start INSULTING each other over "cheating isn't good cause common sense" versus "Cheat cause follow your heart" and then Meina suggested another bar and I was like 'sorry gotta go home but you guys have fun'.
Bill: Also according to Chris and Danny, men have no emotional connection to sex and women only do it if they want to be in a relationship.
Bill: Also shitton of commentary on if it's okay for a woman to sleep around since a man can in his 20's and still be considered 'prime material' for marriage around 30.
Bill: Danny and Chris were like "surrrrrreeeeee" "It's not GOOD but it's okayyyyy"
Bill: So.
Bill: This was amusing, normies are apparently shit. Good two hours of listening to discussion about this.
Bill: and now I get to drive home from Hoboken cause I drove in today.
Bill: (I'm good and sober)
Bill: But uh.
Bill: WOW what a trip.
Bill: Apparently love is 'just how I feel, I don't care how they feel I love who I love right now' or 'not love, I just respect my wife too much to ever cheat'.
Bill: I can't even.
Bill: Oh I forgot one more gem; men wanna fuck everyone. Period. Attractive to them or not. Just by seeing the back of a women, men wanna fuck. 

I’m so utterly appalled by these opinions I’m amused.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): After hearing horror stories about Matt's friends. This is a pretty universal normie ideology unfortunately
Bill: This is less amusing and more personally depressing after a sleep.
Bill: Uuu.
Aldus Larian (Jess): fuck all that
Tikur (Kurtis): It wack
Aldus Larian (Jess): I just? No?
Aldus Larian (Jess): like the idea that "men have no emotional connection to sex and women only do it if they want to be in a relationship." is so unhealthy for both men and women.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah that's fucked
Nokri (Marisa): fueled by a lack of education and the perpetuation of false stereotypes
Aldus Larian (Jess): like its not even a gender issue? there are *people* who want to have sex to have fun , and *people* who only want to have sex in a relationship
Aldus Larian (Jess): and people who dont want to have sex at all
and everything in between! AGH
Nokri (Marisa): bit unrelated but this is always a fun subreddit to browse, and it’s one of many with the same subject
https://www.reddit.com/r/badwomensanatomy/top?t=all
Aldus Larian (Jess): ommmgg ive only read the first post and im already enraged XD
Nokri (Marisa): Currently on my favorite
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *my ideal woman would look just like a woman but with no bodily functions*
LMAO what?
Nokri (Marisa): Lifesize anime figures to the rescue
Aldus Larian (Jess): lord help us
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'M DYING
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also I'm apparently below average height
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Damnn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): LMFAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn i wish i had pee conjuring powers like men
Nokri (Marisa): It’s why we go to the bathroom in packs, other women can help by shouting out directions to the bladder maze
Aldus Larian (Jess): we have to perform group seances to conjure the pee with our combined minuscule power
Nokri (Marisa): oooOOOOoooOo
Aldus Larian (Jess): the lack of sex education these people have had is terrifying
Nokri (Marisa): These are the people who become politicians owo
Nokri (Marisa): There was a story I read a few years ago about a girl who interned in DC and she wore a white skirt but got her period early and asked to go to the bathroom. Her boss was like “no, I’m sick and tired of women trying to get out of work with their period” and she responded with something akin to “ok I’ll just bleed all over my new skirt and the chair then” and the guy was like “wait, you can’t control it? ??”
He had a wife and several daughters and he thought that people could just control when their period happened
Aldus Larian (Jess): WTFFF
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm embarrassed to be the same gender as these people what the fuck
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh shit theres more than i thought hol up
Aldus Larian (Jess): opps i closed the tab. thats enough poorly informed people for one day
Nokri (Marisa): "idk how to put two and two together"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Me at these "men"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Can we make "dumb fuck" its own gender and shift these people over there?
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmaooo
Glonk: ☝
Aldus Larian (Jess): plz
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): They're making the rest of us look bad
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i just? how do argue online about things you have obviously done no research about or even asked about before?
Aldus Larian (Jess): like its really not hard to google "how does sex work?" "how do periods work?" "how do women get pregnant?"
Nokri (Marisa): they're clearly experts
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): "Girlfriend ain't had period since got pregant"
Aldus Larian (Jess): like idk but if im gonna argue a point on the internet (which i dont do but like if i did) id make sure i knew what i "knew" first
Nokri (Marisa): or you could be like that guy who refuses to change his newborn's diapers when she's on her period
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao ohNoooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): im sorry but like how sheltered were you to think like this?
Nokri (Marisa): when girls see one of these all-knowing studs walk up
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmfao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): debating whether or not to send a quote out without my boss checking it over ~~because he's not here~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): fuck it, doing it.
Tikur (Kurtis): So our optometrist at our office just tossed paper towels at me football style and I tossed em back and he said good throw kid and now I'm crying on the inside cause it awoke a need for father son catch and I'm just like
https://media.tenor.com/images/70d1336c3ee3890cb83d5daf611d5d5b/tenor.gif
Aldus Larian (Jess): awww kurto! 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so everyone bring baseball mitts to the next friendo gathering so we can all play catch with Kurto ❤
Kaio Vermino (Lee): We have to all call him "kid" and "son" too though
Kaio Vermino (Lee): For the full effect
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *"Hey buckeroo, that was a great catch! I'm so proud of you!"*
Tikur (Kurtis): Y'all wanna see me ugly cry cause I will
Tikur (Kurtis): And I will savor the catch
Nokri (Marisa): That’s the spirit, champ
Tikur (Kurtis): Fuck just think about that is gonna make me cry 😭👌 Y'all the bees knees
Bill: I call peeps kid all the time tho.
Bill: ~~I called my thirty year old coworkers it yesterday~~
Nokri (Marisa): Why you on invisible
Bill: Time to throw ~~Erik~~ Rebecca a party for her getting a boi!
Bill: Oh. I forget which computers I'm on discord on, so I use invisible to be *actually* shown as offline when I'm asleep.
Bill: I forgot to turn it off earlier.
Bill: Morning meetings.
Bill: (cause if any of my electronics are on and logged in, I show up as idle forever)
Aldus Larian (Jess): wheres that posted owo
Bill: bne general.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nicu 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): yaay my niece might get to go home next week!
Tikur (Kurtis): WOO!!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 🎉
Nokri (Marisa): Welcome back party!!!
Nokri (Marisa): Or welcome party!!!
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Snow continuously posting about lore Olympus is honestly the most hilarious shit I've ever seen. Especially when all her "popular" Steven universe cosplayer friends are all doing lore Olympus cosplays now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): my boss yesterday: "this task is very important, we should handle that first"
him today: "well i dont think thats the most important thing right now"
Aldus Larian (Jess): "also remember that list of tasks i gave you? here's another, this is now most important.
