Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): One of my parish priests is trying to set me up with a girl 😬
Aldus Larian (Jess): Do you know her
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): No, it's someone he knows (he's a younger priest for context. Like late 20s, early 30s)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): He sent me her picture and she *is* cute, but like, it just felt a little weird being set up by your priest....
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And the more I thought about it, I'm just really not feeling like meeting new people right now?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's a weird feeling of wanting to date, but also not wanting to date
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have too many friends to keep track of in my life as it is and I don't want to introduce another at the moment 😅
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ngl. Kinda agree, weird being set up by your priest xD
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But also yea I feel that last part of not wanting to introduce another person into your life
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Its overwhelming
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Alright friends we’ll all have to get group married
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I know it’ll make anniversary’s messy but the tax benefits will be insane
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Deal. Let's do this
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It stemmed from a conversation last time I went to confession with him so like, it wasn't out of the blue necessarily which makes it a little less awkward but at the same time even more awkward
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm just trying to get my own shit together right now
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea that makes sense
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): With work and trying to find an apartment and cosplay and band and making time for friends
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Just got a lot going on
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): After apartment settles you’ll probably have more time for whatever
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Be it new relationships with peeps or anything
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also just not a fan up set ups. Last one I had flopped pretty hard
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And yeah definitely
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Once I don't have parental bullshit to put up with
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I don't think I'd be a big fan of being set up either. It's like high pressure
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Last setup I had, we went to dinner and talked, had a nice time (I thought), sort of made plans for a second date, then she was like "I think we'd be better off as friends" and then unfriended me on Facebook and Instagram
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oof wtf
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Well that’s poopy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And occasionally she pops up on Bumble and I'm like HA LEFT SWIPE BITCH
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Except not really that angry. And I don't really call her a bitch so I only said that to be dramatic
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But I *have* left swiped her the 4 times she's popped up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye I would do the same
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _saying bitch for dramatic effect_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like I could understand unfriending after a long period of just no interaction (which I occasionally do) but like, it was shortly afterwards so like... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Aldus Larian (Jess): "I wanna be friends" "I will prove this by unfriending you"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It was also like, only two months after my engagement was broken off, so honestly probably for the best
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tru
Bill: What about Zen fangirl tho. 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I ain't doing long distance
Bill: Fair.
Bill: Iiiiii forgot to put my keycard for the office back in my wallet. Marriott keycard ain’t going to work here.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oof
Bill: Two. Extra flights of stairs.
Bill: My ankle.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~is 8 pm late?~~
Bill: For working adults? Depends.
Bill: When we go out locally we're usually home by 10, 10:30.
Bill: On weeknights.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah gen lives about 30 mins away
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so thats a get home time at 10:30
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _maybe i have more youth left than i thought_
Aldus Larian (Jess): my brain is ded yo im useless at work
Bill: that's fine.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my boss wants to have a meeting later but i really hope he forgets
Bill: well he's senile so.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pwease:555585508819075112>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'm so slow
Bill: ya.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My biggest plan for today was cleaning and organizing my office because we have a customer coming to audit tomorrow and Wednesday and I'd like my office to look presentable in case they come to talk to me and my boss actually gave me an excuse to do just that because he bought me a printer for printing 11x17 paper and I need to find space to put it
Bill: I just responded to messages and went through emails. I have yet to actually try and remember what I'm supposed to be working on for the projec.t
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And yet it's 3 hours into the work day and I stol haven't gotten too much into it because I got caught up doing something else (at least work related) and setting up the new printer
Bill: need more time off after a con...
Bill: I couldn't find my airpods this morning. I hope they didn't disappear at the con.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Uhhh still have a headache..
Bill: you make that doctor's appointment yet?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Pfft
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): chocowaffo just went on a small rant in the RTX chat saying weddings should be "unplugged"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): idk fam i dont think i quite agree
Aldus Larian (Jess): unplugged?
like as in no ones allowed to use elctronics
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Okay grandma
Kaio Vermino (Lee): What lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~if my brother's wedding was unplugged they would have had like 10 pictures from the whole thing~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): shes saying its disrespectful to the bride/groom and the fact that they paid for photographers/videographers
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Like as long as everyones respectful and not like trying to jump in front of a hired photog (if they have one) then who cares?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean if thats what she wants to do for HER wedding then fine but like you dont get to make rules fro all weddings
Aldus Larian (Jess): like my only request was "dont ruin one of my photogs shots with your phone" but besides that i wanted people to take thier own pics and vids
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My sister and her husband requested for the ceremony specifically that no one be on their phones taking pictures because they didn't want photos of people taking photos in their photos from their hired photographer
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): people still did anyway
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but like, I get not wanting to see people taking photos in the photos that you hired someone to take
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i totaly get that
Aldus Larian (Jess): but like "no phones allowed" is never gonna work
Bill: ~~why is choco waffle's opinion even being considered tho~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): as a discussion topic
Bill: I've seen articles on photography blogs basically bitching about people ruining shots at weddings while trying to take cell phone pictures.
Bill: which is relatable.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea which is why most couples now ask you not to take pics during the ceremony
Bill: I extracted my mood checker data for most of July and started writing code to process it...
Bill: That's a lot of negative mood checks.
Bill: Surprising, at least to me, is Exhaustion being the most checked mood rather than something like 'depressed'.
Bill: *science*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whys your mood negative today?
Bill: Exhaustion?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh so you have like a bundle of options
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and then they funnel to the overall categories of red, yellow, green?
Bill: Super categories yes. There's currently 22 moods in the app (it's customizable) and mapping all of those to a graph like that looks like a patchwork quilt.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Do you do it like multiple ntomes a day?
Bill: Mm. App dings my watch/phone. I can do it from my watch too, which makes it fairly easy to keep doing. Reminds me... 8am, 1pm, and like 7pm? Then a few hours after each of those for 'has your mood changed' notifications.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo
Tikur (Kurtis): Why people gotta be rude and yell at us and then act like nothing happened and just all nice and normal.  Like no, fuck you.
Tikur (Kurtis): And then the Doc just let's it happen and doesn't like say hey I'm sorry.  And people just yell and get their way and I fucking hate it.
Tikur (Kurtis): Im really getting done with the amount of I know the doctor and I want my appointment now.
Bill: Hershfield is hyper focused I think.
Aldus Larian (Jess): "everyone knows the doctor get in line, u aint special"
Bill: He literally doesn't process how much of a mess things are, or if a patient is being a dick, he's just. "patient. prescribe. patient. prescribe. come back next week."
Bill: Which makes him a bad 'leader' because he doesn't pat attention to any problems.
Tikur (Kurtis): He doesn't he only pays attention if it makes him annoyed.  Like something could be happening for months and he would do nothing until he was finally done with it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): wait <@!184437198865563648>  u no have good time at con? D:
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): /squints
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I would say what the fuck is Hal doing in Virginia
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But knowing him he’s got infinite time and wandered down there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also half the TAs bailed on dinner tonight and BNE it looks like it’s pulling teeth to get anyone to come <:ishetho:573830887485997097>
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo i didnt even see that, id come if it wast 3 hours away D:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): To be fair, the only people less than an hour from you would be Chris and Gen...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Carlisle is an hour 20 for me, but that's still kind of a lot for a week night. I'm sorry :(
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh ye thats fine for you erik
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it just looks like gen and rebecca arent super keen on coming
Aldus Larian (Jess): ugh that sucks 😦 even if one person could make it that would be ok
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Even Lancaster is over an hour :/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *we celebrate with you in spirit*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *and again in person in two weekends*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 💕
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Welcome to your early 20s where the day of your actual birthday is kind of lackluster <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Con was tiring. New people, heat, shoots. The “where do we go for dinner” dance. But, I low key didn’t want to go a few weeks ago and I don’t regret going now so. It’s a win.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also your boots were giving you issues
Bill: Yaya.
Bill: All in all, good con.
Aldus Larian (Jess): not good enough to bring mood out of red though 😦
Bill: Remember those check ins are “in the moment”, and emotions fluctuate. That’s only two samples from a very long day.
Aldus Larian (Jess): mmhmm *narrows eyes*
Bill: I mean.
Bill: I’m not a terribly happy person these days?
Bill: You know that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i wonder if that data skews too
Bill: I make do.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you said yourself your moods have a trend of being worse near lunchtime
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i wonder how it would vary if the check ins were randomized times
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): not to be weirdly analytical, just food for thought
Bill: Being analytical is the point. The point of recording my moods is to give me data, cause data is a comfort to me.
Bill: Helps me understand. Not *actually*, but it’s a good placebo.
Bill: Though I’ll check in whenever I remember to.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but the data could be indicating "bill is always exhausted after lunch" as opposed to "bill has a lot of bad days"
Aldus Larian (Jess): i know that... you say it all the time. it's just concerning how *much* red is ont hat chart
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ^^^
Bill: I’d be concerned if the majority was depressed or angry.
Bill: Like I said, I’m just exhausted. Which fits the trend, emotions wear me out and I’m kinda stuck in them.
Aldus Larian (Jess): well all were deeing is those three so
Bill: ?
Bill: Ah, yeah, I mentioned the majority was exhausted at the beginning but yeah. It’s like 13 exhausted; 6 depressed, maybe 2 anger?
Bill: Nah, I don’t think I even hit anger. I only get annoyed.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): out of 114 check ins, 85 are negative
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats 74.56% negative feelings
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oof
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean exhausted still isnt gr8
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): What happened on the 15th that you have a relatively good day?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yikes at the 24th too
Bill: Ah ye I had that meeting with Gord booked on the 24th. ‘Twas nervous and then very annoyed he failed to book the time for it.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~*what about the 15th?*~~
Bill: I have no clue for the... actually, I think the 15th is when I said “wow this is the first time I clicked the happy option”. I don’t know why though.
Bill: Ooooh, nah that wasn’t it.
Bill: *I answered you buddy :3*
Nokri (Marisa): What happening
Bill: The 15th was when I set up the meeting from the 24th with Gord. Which was a big accomplishment.
Nokri (Marisa): What event is BNE dragging on that Aurii can’t go to
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh I thought you were talking about the 24th
Bill: I hit the accomplishment entry like three times.
Aldus Larian (Jess): wasnt the 15th the photog meet up?
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh nvm it was the day after that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Weird how your best day and worst day correlated with each other
Nokri (Marisa): Hap borth
Aldus Larian (Jess): 15th was the monday afgter the photo meetup
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Maybe riding the high from an event you enjoyed the night before?
Aldus Larian (Jess): 2 days before sorry
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ...
Bill: ?
Bill: Why dots?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Maybe riding the high from an event you enjoyed two nights before?*
Bill: Lol
Nokri (Marisa): Idk what happening but I agree
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Marisa agrees with getting high
Nokri (Marisa): NO
Nokri (Marisa): I wanna know what the events you were talking about that no one is going to
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Georgia invited BNE to go to Chili's tonight but it too far for most peeps
Nokri (Marisa): Ooooooo
Bill: Nope, the good mood is from setting up that meeting. Short form, I talked to Gord about my performance and the fact that I wasn’t quite being given the credit I deserve. 

Telling him that was an accomplishment, him canceling the 24th follow up discussion about that was a disappointment, and today we actually had that meeting.
Nokri (Marisa): We’re exiting DC now and also my stomach and body are murdering me sorry no chili’s
Bill: He whole heartily agreed I deserved a promotion awhile ago so... I’m an intermediate data engineer now.
Bill: (That’s news I guess woo)
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoo!
Bill: How’d the doctors go Marisa?
Nokri (Marisa): Everything is pain and I wanna puke but there exists nothing with which to do so <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): I get to go navigate now woohoo
Picture previews maybe tonight maybe not <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): Birth rats to wise rice
Aldus Larian (Jess): did they make u drink somethin nasty? D:
Nokri (Marisa): Naw
My face feels tingly
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I didn’t think much of Matt but beggars can’t be choosers and I’m glad to have company
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Kinda bummed half the TAs cancelled and I have to buy my own cake for the first time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _how do I reverse growing up I don’t like this_
Nokri (Marisa): Are you saying people usually don’t buy their own birthday cake <:woah:543194447345876998>
You can have it all to yourself!! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): My face is numb and my eyes are spazzing like crazy I hope I wasn’t allergic to anything they touched me with
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Congrats <@184437198865563648> !
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also, careful <@245270932602486784> , if it's just you two, his girlfriend might put you on her shit list <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Thanks Erik.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nah I have two other TAs that didn’t bail
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But most of them did 😅
Bill: I started my job on my birthday. It doesn’t get better.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ew depressing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I thought 21 was like the last one that’s a big deal
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I guess that’s what I get with a birthday on a MONDAY oof
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also during the summer
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Summer makes people less available?
Bill: Summer birthdays theres no school to bring people together. No in class party or dorm event.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ☝
Aldus Larian (Jess): my 21st was applebees with my parents and tom
Aldus Larian (Jess): i had work, and work the next day at 7:00am
Bill: Yeee. I was working at tech that summer, I got my new license and a mini bottle of jack honey on the way home.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My 21st my suster came down to take me out, also to Applebees, where I had one (1) cocktail
Bill: I still have the bottle.
Nokri (Marisa): I was by myself the entire day and ate dinner from 7/11 in the dark on my 21st birthday <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): Get the restaurant people to sing to you and bring out a flaming cake
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 😭😭😭😭😭
Nokri (Marisa): DONT CRY THE CAKE IS STILL EDIBKE EVEN ON FORE
Bill: The majority of people don’t have a wild and crazy story for their 21st birthday.
Nokri (Marisa): It can be extinguished!!!!!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t want a STORY but I wanna be with PEOPLE
Nokri (Marisa): why u wanna do that people are weird
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): God that’s depressing I see why everyone drinks
Nokri (Marisa): Drinking is bad if you even touch a drink today I’m rescinding my congratulations
Nokri (Marisa): If u even imagine one
Nokri (Marisa): Horrible
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oop there goes Rebecca
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _ten chili’s margaritas please_
Bill: It’s not... that big a deal to not do anything for your birthday. If you want to be around people... just do it. You don’t need it to be a special day, just go and be around them.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There is no one to be around
Aldus Larian (Jess): i understand the want to do something for your birthday with others, especially your 21
Nokri (Marisa): Yourself!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Two TAs and Matt.......... <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: Around you friends I should say.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And this isn’t towards you guys
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But feels lame that Gen and Rebecca won’t come cause they said they were super excited that I was gonna be nearby and we could hang
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i know, i do feel bad though
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Eugh I don’t really know Matt that well... not to be a choosy beggar
Aldus Larian (Jess): understandable
Bill: Remember the story I told you about my grad school friendships?
Bill: Quality over quantity. Focus on the people who actually want you around and appreciate you.
Nokri (Marisa): ~~but that’s the issue. everyone is busy 😭 ~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh thank god I offered to pay for Rebecca and she coming
Nokri (Marisa): ~~for Georgia today~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~or 3 hours away~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats good! sucks u gotta pay for other people dinner on your birthday but ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Better than being alone phew
Nokri (Marisa): Ye hopefully she can pay you back
Nokri (Marisa): A party for one sounds awesome
Nokri (Marisa): I wanna party alone
Nokri (Marisa): Hey guys party at my house but none of you are invited sorry it’s gonna be really cool
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Party alone do you mean, feels like death
Nokri (Marisa): Whaaaat
Parties with people suck
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Here we see the classic difference between the introvert and extrovert
Nokri (Marisa): Why are there so many military trucks on the side of the road
I hope they aren’t gonna crash my party
Nokri (Marisa): Invite dakimakura to party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess if I gotta find out about dinner I’m going through Chris
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Gen... wonderful bean but flakey
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So you hated your party that we all came to? 😭
Nokri (Marisa): Ye that was so stressful and I was freaking out the entire time sorry, I told y’all I don’t like parties ;u; I liked that you all came!! I am forever in everybody’s debt for that
Aldus Larian (Jess): im always labeled as introvert but i like having parties for my birthday
Aldus Larian (Jess): NAH u no in debt sily
Nokri (Marisa): My idea of a good party is
Everybody really quiet playing pin the tail on the donkey in utter silence
Nokri (Marisa): I am in massive debt <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756> but at least we have a glass room
Aldus Larian (Jess): what about like party of just hanging out watching someting. chilling
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Okay that will be next years party
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Silent donkey
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ANIME PARTY
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve done that before
Nokri (Marisa): Anime party
Nokri (Marisa): It somehow turned into a giant water balloon fight
Nokri (Marisa): Omg we just passed a building with a life size sully from monsters inc. big and furry in the window
Nokri (Marisa): Google maps has a picture yesss
Nokri (Marisa): He’s invited to my party but she isn’t
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t trust someone who wears a watch that fancy while lifeguarding
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): chris answered saying they probably cant make it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it doesnt sound like gen told him
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OOF
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): BUT chris offered to get dinner later in the week
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so thats nice
