N🆗ri (Marisa): that's the only explanation i can think of but it's so weird that i don't recall absolutely anything of it
Bill: Little more wine drunk than I’d like.
Bill: Weeeeeeee
Bill: Bed for me.
Bill: Before I unload *feelings* on people.
N🆗ri (Marisa): unload
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _can Hal make a not sexually related post ever goddamn boi_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He’s trying too hard to be funny with sexual themes
Bill: Oof. I got up an hour earlier than my alarm, can’t fall asleep, and my mind has decided to hold the roast of William Clark’s regrets.
Bill: Happy Monday.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I couldn't go to sleep cuz I drank coffee too late <:pew:543202259085950996>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): So 2am it was
Bill: I conked out cause wine but I was mid awake at 4 and when I tried to sleep longer i just thought of *unpleasant* so I gave up.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): REMEMBER THAT GIRL THAT KICKED ME OUT OF THE SUITE LAST YEAR
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _thats also friends with Noah and he swears she’s actually a nice person_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _and I applied to a job her father posted_
Bill: Sure...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The world is getting SMALLER because I’m competing against her for an executive board position in physics club
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I interview very well so fingers crossed 🤞
Bill: Interview with who.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The current executive board
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Who 2 of them are graduating so those positions are getting re-filled
Bill: Same people who interviewed Noah then.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yuppp
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m interviewing for public relations so you have to be especially social and friendly
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Noah said among the candidates I have the best shot, as long as I stay my normal happy friendly self during the interview
Bill: mm.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): good luck
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woo good lucky 👌 👌 👌
Bill: Aww Kirsten has a crush. That cute.
N🆗ri (Marisa): all non-cosplay photos of me are cryptid photos. blurry/out of focus and slightly concerning
Bill: We can fix that. Mawisa shoot!
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's how nature goes, they'll all wind up blurry and out of focus
Bill: You don’t have a PRO shooting you.
Bill: ~~Rowan pro~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): i had that one pro shoot me at rowan! i think i was still vaguely concerning looking
N🆗ri (Marisa): oh no wait the photo was ok but they spelled my name wrong l o l
Bill: I take good photo of non cosplay Mawisa too.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i pay u with spicy fruit roll ups
Bill: Sure what the hell. You know I won’t eat them but.
N🆗ri (Marisa): collectors items
N🆗ri (Marisa): "***passionately interested in Japan***"
pls just call me what i am, with the scientific term. "weeb."
Aldus Larian (Jess): ITS YOU ITS YOU
N🆗ri (Marisa): WHERE
Aldus Larian (Jess): Right there! In the magazine thingy!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I saw a pic of you from yesterday on Facebook you looked cute!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I liked your dress
N🆗ri (Marisa): my eyes were all puffy yesterday from crying for like 2 hours <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
N🆗ri (Marisa): i like the dress but it has no sleeves <:rip:369476083248267274> got it in japan
japanese clothes nice
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nuuuuu! Mawisa no cry never again 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): You looked cute anyway tho!
N🆗ri (Marisa): if i had a lelouch helmet i could wear it all the time <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Noooo den how we see your face?
N🆗ri (Marisa): you don't! <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): 0/10
Bill: -10/10
N🆗ri (Marisa): I think something’s wrong with our scale. It gives me a different weight each time I stand on it
N🆗ri (Marisa): Also I hate using twitter because you’ve got Japanese followers, American followers, and professors/academic professionals in my fields who follow me for some reason
N🆗ri (Marisa): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: Is it on a flat surface
Bill: Not carpet or something?
N🆗ri (Marisa): it used to be on a carpet but it didn't work so no one used it because we were too lazy to move the carpet
the carpet is gone as of this morning so it works and i keep standing on it when i see it but my weight keeps changing by one or two pounds despite not doing anything
maybe it's the moon
Aldus Larian (Jess): Your body weight fluctuates like 5 pounds ish during the day
N🆗ri (Marisa): we shapeshift and I JUST GOT A LETTER
it's hand written and addressed to Mr. Marisa though
N🆗ri (Marisa): they have really nice handwriting
