Aldus Larian (Jess): i have started my freelance project after 2 weeks of procrastination i have also eaten enough this weekend to feed a small nation and i am not proud of it
Aldus Larian (Jess): the bridal shower i went to was legit 4 courses
Aldus Larian (Jess): then i got ice cream and now im eating cheese its
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): someone stopped outside our house and is looking through our pile of stuff for bulk pick up tomorrow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): how odd
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): in a way im kinda offended
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but also that stuff was getting thrown out anyways?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh they drove off
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats pretty normal
Aldus Larian (Jess): stuff out by the curb is usually seen as "we gettin rid of it"
Nokri (Marisa): on the way to school once in high school our bus driver pulled over and sent one kid outside because she saw a cool playset in the trash she wanted for her nephew
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah that's not uncommon
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *one man's trash is another man's treasure*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): weird
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): our neighbors are throwin out some weird shit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): someones throwing out a sign that used to be on a bakery?
Nokri (Marisa): most of our furniture is trashpicked, it cheap!
my sister and cousin have a bunch of cool signs from movie theaters and random shops that they've trashpicked
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye! my bosses son trashpicked all his furniture from Manhattan and its fancy ass stuff
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah my boss's boss does it too
Elfriede Faun (Tom): As did my parents and brothera
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Esp metal, people will take that to the scrap yard for money
Elfriede Faun (Tom): We also got an entire guitar hero set that way, it was fully working
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Technically illegal tho I believe
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Not allowed to steal garbage, which sounds silly but
Aldus Larian (Jess): I woke up at 2:00 am puking soooo I stay home
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): omg i hope you feel better
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pwease:555585508819075112> thanks! I think I just shocked my system with too much food that I usually don't eat <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: Oof. Hopefully it’s not a stomach bug.
Bill: Feel better.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hopefully not, thank! <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Or food poisoning :/
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hope not! <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Bill: Apparently I just feel like isolating myself every Monday morning. Gotta lampshade myself so I don’t get (more) edgy about it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): :c oof sorry bill, i feel you though Mondays tend to bring that out
Bill: Terribly annoying. One useful thought, I think there’s a trend of feeling less miserable when I eat my first meal of the day, rather than the protein bar I usually have.
Bill: Oh wow, yeah that lines up with my last semester of college. I had breakfast all the time cause of dieting then.
Bill: Oof getting up early enough to cook tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea eating can def change your mood
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I need to eat better breakfasts
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): cereal is like, all carbs
Bill: I think I’m going to try that.
Bill: There’s no where to get breakfast in the city near here (nothing carb free anyway) so I can’t buy, I need to buy less food, and *the two hour commute with a depressing mood is long enough to ruin my day*.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I want to start doing eggs in the morning
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): get that low carb protein
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but cooking in the morning is a pain, so would probably do hardboiled and just prep a bunch
Aldus Larian (Jess): YA hard boiled 👌
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): or invest in an omelette maker
Bill: I can make an omelette in like, 7 or 8 minutes. Eating it isn't much longer.
Bill: But that's like, 15-20 minutes earlier I have to convince myself to get out of bed.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats not TOOO bad, especially if it means a better mood
Bill: You know that.
Bill: Awake me knows that.
Bill: Half asleep me would rather die.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i cant eat when i first get up especially on weekday mornings
Bill: I've had that happen to me more recently too.
Bill: Like a bite of said protein bar and I'm nauseous.
Bill: ~~I should~~
Bill: ~~god I should~~
Nokri (Marisa): Do they understand the <:f_respect:575713016297947157> ? :0
Bill: I dunno but that's the level of fucks I give.
Bill: *software engineers 👏 are not 👏 tech support! 👏
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): LOL my job is graphic design and people in my office think im tech support
Nokri (Marisa): That’s basically the same thing
Bill: It's a meme in CS as a whole, no matter what you do as long as you 'work with computers' you are expected to fix printers, routers, wifi, you name it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol thats not just CS
Nokri (Marisa): ^^
Bill: Sure.
Bill: Just compare it to someone asking you "can you color in this coloring book, since you're in graphic design".
Nokri (Marisa): I’m the family tech expert because I know how to install stuff on computers. That makes me an expert on all TVs, phones, games, and computers.
Bill: I'm too fucking nice.
Nokri (Marisa): “Can Marisa come over and install our router and setup this desktop and fix our broken laptops” <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: ~~clearly~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): honestly half the time my solution is "refresh your desktop"
Aldus Larian (Jess): or "restart"
Nokri (Marisa): Oh if it’s someone asking you to color in a coloring book isn’t it fine? That means it’s super easy
Nokri (Marisa): and fun
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea! id be so exctied if i got asked to that
Nokri (Marisa): Boy do I have a favor for you jess
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm an engineer and for some reason people think I'm customer service 😛
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH im that too!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and also QA
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and sometimes Order Entry
Aldus Larian (Jess): not in the same way you are but ive had to help customers over the phone before
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My back hurts from all the lifting yesterday
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And the sunburn I got doing yoga 😭
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Outdoor yoga?
Aldus Larian (Jess): GOAT YOGA
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): greatest of all time yoga
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WoahReally?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah outdoor yoga with goats!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Woahhhh
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Fancy
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oof I ate and now I don't feel good
Nokri (Marisa): Eat more
Aldus Larian (Jess): But I don't wanna puke up more 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): choco's latest post is the two cringiest ships 😬
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOF
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, Jamie quit wawa after like 4 days working there?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): O.o
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): saw that coming <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just saw her say she quit and I was like *"didn't you just start working there?"*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): checked chat histery
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): her first shift was Thursday
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ah, the stress of food service
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): for the dizen or so people that roll through wawa during night shift
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): if she were in a city id understand....but shes in like ...rural PA
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): well whatever, hope she sticks with this maid job if she gets it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really shouldn't be saying anything because I've never worked food service....
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but yeah hope this job finally works out for her
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > Indeed: "Erik, you've been invited to apply for this job"
> Job requirements: New Jersey Professional Engineering license
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Thanks Indeed
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It was awful, food service was awful <:pew:543202259085950996>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But hey I still worked at Subway for 4 years 👌
Bill: Yeeee convenience stores suck the soul outta ya.
Nokri (Marisa): i wanna go offline for a while
but also the internet is a distraction
idk
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😮
Aldus Larian (Jess): you ok? 
Is it nice out near you? maybe go take a short walk?
Nokri (Marisa): ou.t...side?? ??????
Nokri (Marisa): i can't leave the house, what if sylvia gets lonely
Aldus Larian (Jess): she be ok for like 10 mins
Nokri (Marisa): i wouldn't know what to do and i don't want the cops called on me
Aldus Larian (Jess): for walking? 😭
Nokri (Marisa): i know if i step outside my neighbors are all gonna call bojo like "is everything ok??? your kid is *outside*???"
Nokri (Marisa): idk people are weird
Aldus Larian (Jess): awww 😦
Nokri (Marisa): last time i walked to the bank that definitely happened
Aldus Larian (Jess): you have any books you wanna read or printed manga?
Aldus Larian (Jess): or maybe do some drawing?
Nokri (Marisa): o that's a good idea
but also a big waste of time. i have a lot of books and stuff i want to do but it's all a waste
Aldus Larian (Jess): its not a waste!
Nokri (Marisa): i can take this scrap paper and fold it
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe... draw a picture for someone? so that you feel like it has a 'purpose'?
Nokri (Marisa): <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
https://gizmodo.com/if-you-fold-a-paper-in-half-103-times-it-will-be-as-thi-1607632639
Nokri (Marisa): i've tried that before but all my art sucks
i need to draw biru's character but i'm not good enough
Nokri (Marisa): i'm gonna fold a piece of paper the size of the universe
Aldus Larian (Jess): your art is SO good marisa! the other night tom and i were talking about how we wish we were as good with digital as you!
Nokri (Marisa): but have you seen y'all's art <:woah:543194447345876998>
it's really good it deserves a museum
Nokri (Marisa): refurbish the spooky closet bathroom into an art museum pls
Aldus Larian (Jess): yes keep it in the closet so no one sees it
Nokri (Marisa): nooooo that's why you refurbish it
Nokri (Marisa): into an open air museum
Nokri (Marisa): so google satellites can see it
Nokri (Marisa): and post it for all
Aldus Larian (Jess): we put marisa art on the fridge, where everyone can see!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Draw draw draw!
Nokri (Marisa): draw! draw! draw!
Aldus Larian (Jess): draw! draw! draw!
Nokri (Marisa): that's the spirit now go draw
Aldus Larian (Jess): im writing!
Nokri (Marisa): WOOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): you draw!
Nokri (Marisa): there u go
Nokri (Marisa): i can't
Bill: Yeah draw stuff Marisa.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm sorry i can't
Nokri (Marisa): i'm sorry it's taken so long to do your character
Bill: I never gave you a timeline silly...
Nokri (Marisa): but i promised it sooner
Bill: You can take what time you need.
Bill: No you didn’t?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah
Bill: noPe.
Bill: With an exaggerate P.
Bill: No-Pa.
Bill: Like that.
Bill: But you should draw! Yona demands fanart!
Nokri (Marisa): yona has a lot of really good fanartists
Nokri (Marisa): i get what you guys are trying to do and i appreciate it but it's ok, i've somehow survived long so i can keep going.
Aldus Larian (Jess): We love you!
Nokri (Marisa): don't do that
Bill: Hey hey. Yona needs all fanart, not just from the people with *immeasurable talent I’m jealous of.*
Aldus Larian (Jess): too late
Bill: Yup.
Nokri (Marisa): <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: And I’m just saying I like your arts Marisa. No ulterior motives, I like seeing you draw. :3c
Bill: I trust you understand you and will ask for help if you want it.
Bill: ~~You can have a total meltdown if you want, just like me last week!~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ya your art gud
Nokri (Marisa): i kind of gave up on drawing, i've been trying to do hands and feet to at least finish your stuff but everything else i do is depressing
Bill: You know it’s okay to not have perfect hands right? Hands are literally the hardest thing for anyone to draw like ever.
Bill: Foots too.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea hands suck i draw a decent one like every 500
Bill: I never got good.
Nokri (Marisa): nah it's just part of an underlying problem where i'm not good at anything and nothing i ever do will be good enough and i know that's dumb but that's my mindset and nothing can change it
we found a therapist nearby that might take our insurance but we need the card first, and her nearest opening is next month
Bill: Lol I was looking for one of the knob hands I used to do, apparently I just said fuck it and didn’t draw Nowi’s hand.
Nokri (Marisa): but it's such a good nowi!!!
Bill: It’s a copy but.
Bill: That’s really good news Mawisa. The latter part.
Nokri (Marisa): she might not be a good fit, or she might not be able to help. i already feel bad for wasting her time even though we're the ones paying her.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yay! i hope so! i will keep my fingers crossed for you
Aldus Larian (Jess): awww dont feel bad!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i know you will anyway but
Bill: You know I was talking about you this weekend. Remember when I asked you how to do a Peter port wig, to surprise everyone at konkon? You gave me like 10 steps on how to make the wig into a port wig and I blew it on step 3. 

You’re so talented at cosplay work that you think complicated steps are easy. You don’t have to believe me of course.
Bill: But I was bragging about how talented you are.
Bill: Leanna can confirm.
Nokri (Marisa): no no, i'm bad
my costumes all suck and i can't give directions properly
you tried 🌟
Bill: They don’t silly.
Bill: I’m really excited for your raphtalia. You’re working so hard on it.
Bill: And you can begin your decent to raccoon furrydom. :3c
Nokri (Marisa): yeah and it sucks
the armor is really coming out bad and i have ways that might fix it but also might mess it up further, and i'm running out of time and the costume is probably going to make me sweat a ton
Bill: You mean like all of us are going to? XD
Bill: I wanna wear Jessica so I’m going to get heat stroke.
Bill: We can be heat exhaustion buddies.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't dress that warmly tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wear short shorts and tank tops in the summer I don't see how that would make you die from heat stroke
Nokri (Marisa): she wears short shorts you wear sneep snops
Bill: Oh true.
Bill: Nah gotta be heat exhaustion buddies.
Nokri (Marisa): i don't care about myself i can get heat stroke
i just don't wanna mess up the costume
Nokri (Marisa): oh the new yona chapter is out in english
i read the japanese version but it's there for anyone who wants it
Bill: We’ll suffer together woo!
Bill: And then I’m buyin ice cream.
Nokri (Marisa): woo
Nokri (Marisa): omg where's that old ice cream picture
Nokri (Marisa): yes
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh god <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Glonk: New Cliff's flavor <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Fucking hell... the... wound? Let’s go with wound on my knee wasn’t deep enough to be a cut but is enough to scab. But it can’t scab cause that’s where my knee bends and it’s itchy and hardening and cracking and ugh.
Bill: Not painful but really fucking annoying.
Bill: Or... uncomfortable. Would have been better as a cut.
Aldus Larian (Jess): u got that sweet sweet neosporin?
Bill: I bought some yesterday yeah.
Bill: Still on the train tho.
Bill: Sweet sweet neosporin it is.
Bill: That helped.
