Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): boy I slept like garbage last night. Back is killing me
Bill: new bed soon!
Bill: which doesn't help now. 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm so ready for that :sib:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also thoroughly looking forward to that deep tissue massage at CCE...
Bill: which reminds me I've yet to book one.
Tikur (Kurtis): Gotta love early morning office construction 👌
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *looks at literally everyone in this server...* :rapid:
Bill: ha lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): i do that sometimes!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lmao people saying "reminder to boycott all of colossalcon next year" and I'm just like
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://tenor.com/view/you-do-that-honey-old-woman-scary-psycho-staring-gif-14208318
Aldus Larian (Jess): im so out of the loop with that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): same tbh. I know there was like, one person that was associated with CCE staff that made nasty comments about all the girls in bikinis being thots
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): apparently there was racist stuff from someone too?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): idk, I'mma just enjoy getting drunk in the hot tub
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh boi
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and continue buying from TTDEye and Uniqso <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Cosplay community is getting to be a wreck.
Aldus Larian (Jess): wasnt it always a wreck
Bill: hence 'getting to be' and not 'has been'.
Bill: I said to Lee the other day, pretty soon you aren't going to be able to make new friends at cons out of fear of triggering someone, them being incredibly guarded towards strangers out of fear of witch hunting or general creepiness...
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea some people latch onto anything, i have experienced too much of it personally but i know its out there
Bill: Me either and I'm happy to avoid it like the plague.
Bill: So much for meeting people at cons in that scenario but...
Bill: Better than this community wide witch hunting habit.
Aldus Larian (Jess): dont let that taint the whole experience though
Bill: Ye. Trust me I don't stress the con community chaos.
Bill: I'll stick to the rwbyies I know.
Bill: actually idk, I don't think about it at cons.
Bill: So I don't actually know *what* i'd do lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): i try to tred lightly at first and just feel people out. after V girl got way to passionate about stuff i was really weary to talk about MM with anyone and some girl asked me who my fave was and i was like "shit shes gonna go off" but then a isaid it and she was like OMG me too and i was like "thank god"
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i feel like stuff like this is always blon way out of proportion online and then in person its just meh
Bill: mm, true.
Bill: The point is to go and bond over weeb shit after all.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea most people are bolder online
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): easier to hind behind a phone
Bill: yuuuup
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea im always like extremely weary online
Aldus Larian (Jess): i always have been though
Aldus Larian (Jess): its so hard for me to make friends online XD
Bill: Is it ever easy tho?
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk is it XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): i can get a way better feel for a person in person
Bill: I've been trying to bond with the fire emblem cosplayers I shot with at Ota over Three Houses a bit (Ala Georgia and Hal with Rwby) and like... nope. Course I'm terrible at small talk ~~and terribly uninteresting~~ but I think overall it's hard too. 

Had a good discussion one night awhile back with the one who played Deer first when I finished the game, like where she responded actively. The other has been lots of sporadic messages back and forth that at least aren't 'k' but... *sigh*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea i try to do the same with some MM cosplayers . i think alot or people are just very hesitant? idk everyone online either has too big of a mouth for their own good or is too afraid to fully talk online
Bill: Yeah. I understand being hesitant with a guy from cosplay, I mean, it's not hard to assume I'm as bad as some of our worst con weirdos.
Bill: Just sucks.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I usually make online friends through interacting with their stories
Bill: I at least think I'm not annoying them?
Bill: That's what I'm doing. 😅
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats what i do but im also afraid im annoying them lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): a valid fear
Bill: pfft. Maybe Kellner was on to something. I still remember the first thing we said over text messages is 'all the getting to know you stuff is impossible, let's just skip to the part where we're best friends'.
Bill: Not that *I* could get away with saying that.
Bill: ~~course that was over text she literally never wanted to do anything in person so~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): i kind of like getting to know people tho like learning new things about them
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Kind of unrelated to the current conversation but the guy who did bad shit at cce is fired
Kaio Vermino (Lee): So... no point in boycotting anymore lmao
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Not that there was a point in the first place
Bill: CCE gets rooms down over 50% percent of the usual cost, they can call me a thot alllll they want.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea LMAO same
Nokri (Marisa): now what are we supposed to boycott then
Nokri (Marisa): someone bring out the spinny wheel, we'll pick a new target
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my spinny wheel landed on "normal sleep schedule"
Nokri (Marisa): you heard it here first folks, we're boycotting sleep schedules. grab yer pitchforks
Kaio Vermino (Lee): FUCK SLEEP. WHO NEEDS IT. THATS OFFENSIVE TO IMMORTALS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and insomniacs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Customer: can we get a quote for these drawings? There's no official BOM and no wire list. 
Me: Thanks, I hate it
Bill: I tried to do your tumblr post thing from earlier the last three time I used self depreciation but it's hard to be ironically self grandizing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): opp cce chair stepped down
Nokri (Marisa): wow what a great sign immediately before the convention
Aldus Larian (Jess): right lmao
Nokri (Marisa): where'd they announce it?
Nokri (Marisa): oo found some hot tea
Nokri (Marisa): can't find info on the con chair yet but lots of drama surrounding the cosplay head
Nokri (Marisa): looks like this might be the last cce ;3c
Bill: don't you wink at that.
Nokri (Marisa): eeeee why
Nokri (Marisa): wait is all this con chair drama really coming from that stupid shirt
Nokri (Marisa): or is there another source
it's hard to find information not relating to the cosplay head drama
Nokri (Marisa): ooooooooh i found the source of the drama. ooooooooh yeah this con is in deep trouble.
Aldus Larian (Jess): opp rip
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Rip
Nokri (Marisa): https://twitter.com/craziecrissie/status/1165414061758173186?s=21
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Time to trip to Ohio next year
Nokri (Marisa): that's the most comprehensive thread i've found so far but there are tons of others that talk about staff being racist, rape, and general awful people
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH IN OHIO THEY HAVE LITTLE CHEETAHS
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I always assumed the reee was a Dio reference
Bill: Ohio there's a lottery to get a room and it's over crowded.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Normally written as wrryyy
Nokri (Marisa): oh nah reee has been pretty offensive for a while
Nokri (Marisa): yeah wryyyy is the jojo thing
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I've also legit never heard an autistic person go reee
Nokri (Marisa): it's some major old stereotype from the early internet cesspool days
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah never heard of that being related idk
Bill: That Indigo girl was definitely looking for a response and got it tho.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Personally
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I was today years old
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Although dumb stupid and lame are all derogatory terms for illnesses
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thought it was like a pterodactyl thing
Nokri (Marisa): yeah it can be used like that sometimes!
Nokri (Marisa): but more often than not it's incels using it the other way rip
Aldus Larian (Jess): ive never heard an autistic person screetch 🤔
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Ohio colossal is worse than east because they told a group of black cosplayers that they could not host a panel about cosplaying while black because its exclusionary of white people and that idea of a panel belongs at dashcon
Nokri (Marisa): oh that's in that thread above!! i didn't realize it was the ohio one and not east
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i think the thread is mostly about colossal prime but like same management
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Idk i thought the shirt was funny, I think there's way worse stuff to be worried about
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It's crazy that's there's this much uproar about it
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea  the only thing that happened at east was that chris guy being a dick, the shirts being made as a joke, and the con chair dismissing the fact that chris called girls thots on public forums. So chris gor fired and the con chair stepped down because he was the catalyst and enabling the bad staff behavior
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah makes sense I suppose
Nokri (Marisa): i personally thought the t-shirt was a bit insensitive and childish, and shouldn't of been officially endorsed by the convention, but that it wasn't such a big deal as to cause a major uproar or a lot of relatiation
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah it like oks moremlike a fan made thing I agree, it wasn't professional
Kaio Vermino (Lee): People were complaining about how chris got fired but the con chair was still in charge so in order to "fix" their mistakes they had the chair step down as well.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But yea the shirt waS poor judgement
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Like if someone at the con sold that they'd def sell well
Bill: Yup.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): They still probably will sell well
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea lol
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I wouldnt personally buy one. But I'm sure there are plenty of people who would
Bill: Weren't we just talking about how con drama/witch hunting/over sensitivity is going to kill cons? Little did we know...
Bill: Not saying Colossal isn't at fault, that guy is anything but professional.
Bill: Grade A dick.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I mean I was mostly referring to CCE During that convo xD
Kaio Vermino (Lee): But yea people are over reacting
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It's definitely going to force conventions into a more industrialized outlook over time
Kaio Vermino (Lee): At least to the CCE stuff, however the racism at colossal prime is another story. They did not fire anyone over that and didnt try to rectify it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah that's no beuno
Nokri (Marisa): i think it's a difference in mindsets
like the staff calling their cosplay guests "loose" or implying they were whores, and allowing the trap panel in a previous year. people don't feel safe around stuff like that.
Nokri (Marisa): the people running it have an outdated mindset towards geeky things
Aldus Larian (Jess): i didnt feel safe at that hentai panel last year lol
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Unfortunately that's a problem in a LOT of con culture
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Not just colossal
Nokri (Marisa): yeah 100%
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeahhhhh
Kaio Vermino (Lee): So like, but that logic, people should be boycotting all cons
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea alot of them are like "old nerds" as i call them
Nokri (Marisa): i didn't feel safe at zenkaikon just listening to that guy talk about his hentai panel and telling me how drunk i must be
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yeaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): lets boycott all cons
i'm already boycotting zenkaikon
Aldus Larian (Jess): are you :o?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): "Like most attendees the Ren faire are old nerds"
Nokri (Marisa): yeah? :0
Nokri (Marisa): i thought that was obvious after all they did to us
Nokri (Marisa): sowwy
Aldus Larian (Jess): i thought you just werent staffing
Bill: ^
Nokri (Marisa): i might try and get in for free with a panel or something but i'm not staffing or paying to g
Nokri (Marisa): go*
Nokri (Marisa): they're horrible
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ahh understandable, yeah I didn't realize
Bill: Is there a con that's not fucking things up at the moment?
Bill: Ota?
Bill: Maybe?
Nokri (Marisa): there's a lot of complex things going on with otakon
Nokri (Marisa): it's mostly the power balance there
Nokri (Marisa): bleed ins from other conventions
Bill: Next is broke, Zenkai is mismanaged and broke, CCE is getting called out...
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Conventions as a whole have messed up alot lately, idk what's causing it
Nokri (Marisa): yeah. it's greed, it's not for the fans anymore. people want recognition and power for staffing conventions
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I wholeheartedly believe it's because they are run by old nerds for the most part
Bill: Dan might have had the right idea to just book an airbnb in the woods and have a minicon for him and his.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): YEAH
El🆓de Faun (Tom): WOO
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Minicon!
Bill: I have the airbnb he went to.
Bill: It's cheaper than most cons.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ~~is there a hottub?~~
Nokri (Marisa): some of that is part of the issue, there are both good and bad old nerds. some are great at adapting, others are stuck in their old ways and don't realize how much the fandoms have changed. and the people at the top of conventions are so far removed from the actual con they have no idea how things are run and just make awful decisions
Bill: No, unfortunately.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~No~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): not worth
Kaio Vermino (Lee): ~~cause that's why I love cce~~
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Damn
Bill: You can go to the Kalahari year round.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It expense tho
Bill: I get the specials emails, if people were interested in splitting a room outside a con I'd share.
Bill: Got pretty close to CCE prices at one point in July.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Also ... normies
El🆓de Faun (Tom): And there's not cosplay everywhere!
Bill: And so cons survive.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): The first year was the chillist year
Aldus Larian (Jess): the specials always annouch 2 week in advance for weekdays though
Bill: But ye it weird to be at Kalahari without cosplay.
Nokri (Marisa): how about 👀
https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/29234568?toddlers=0&adults=7&check_in=2019-09-12&check_out=2019-09-14&source_impression_id=p3_1566935396_%2Bh1ZuuMEo0PhPVxQ
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310> <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Discounted price:$875 
per night
/ night
Aldus Larian (Jess): AHHHH
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yes
Nokri (Marisa): o rip that tru
Bill: Do you see all of those *fees* they want to charge you?
Nokri (Marisa): it fits 12 people tho we can split it all 👀
o are fees not included in the price
Nokri (Marisa): i've never used airbnb
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh no
El🆓de Faun (Tom): How many fees we talking
Bill: over 11.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 11 dollars isn't so bad
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yikes nvm
Bill: 
Aldus Larian (Jess): $875 x 2 nights

$1,750
Cleaning fee

$395
Service fee

$277
Occupancy taxes and fees

$249
Total    $2,671
Bill: oh the fees are no less than 50 a pop.
Nokri (Marisa): those rules just seem like common sense
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Cleaning fee?
Aldus Larian (Jess): a yes 2,671 for 2 nights
Bill: You can rent a beach house for a week at that price.
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats what that is
Aldus Larian (Jess): just not a week
Aldus Larian (Jess): but it is a beach house
Nokri (Marisa): we could've had 2 beach houses for free for as long as we wanted had that brewery not popped up <:rip:369476083248267274>
Nokri (Marisa): but they wouldn't of been very cosplay-suitable
Bill: Right, but I wouldn't want to go into a deal with that owner.
Bill: The odds of them saying 'the furniture seems off by a inch, 200 dollar fee' seem high.
Bill: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/21629342?source_impression_id=p3_1566935599_N%2BU0Rpxj%2FdpLKZfr is Dan's place.
Aldus Larian (Jess): well obviously, i wasnt defending it lol
Bill: Just explaining why I'd avoid them personally.
Bill: anyway. The con bubble is really bursting.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean id avoid it on cost alone
Bill: True, that's a ridiculous price for a night's stay.
Bill: Friendcations to places like these though would be a good time.
Nokri (Marisa): i think it's getting too varied and they can't please everyone, so they kind of fall to being subpar
when the community was much smaller 11 years ago conventions were waaaay different
Nokri (Marisa): private photoshoots weren't really a thing
Bill: Plus con attendees are absolutely the type to get triggered quickly, etc.
Nokri (Marisa): not any more than other people
Nokri (Marisa): At least they don’t cause literal riots like sports fans
Aldus Larian (Jess): people get annoyed by stuff all the time it doesnt matter what "type" they are
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I skimmed through the last portion of this convo. Just let me know when and where we're booking the Airbnb and let me know how much I owe <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: The photos will all be better too <:pew:543202259085950996>
