Bill: > Make request for simple change
> team responds tagging someone else to do it
> okay
Bill: > everyone sequentially responds for someone else to do it
> No one actually does it
> fucking idiots
Bill: I swear.
Bill: This has gone on for over a week.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh thats what we do for like 10 months
Bill: I wish I could let it go on that long.
Bill: > needs name for the primary script in a package
> package cleans up and organizes data that's messy and unorganized, but useful
> ....
> `vanderwood.py`
> *No wait I can't meme on a work project*
Tikur (Kurtis): So a chik fil a opened up near my office and it's insanely busy.  They have two drive thru lanes with people outside running food and cards back and forth
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's cow appreciation day. Dress up as a cow and get a free sandwich or something
Tikur (Kurtis): Ohhhhhh
Tikur (Kurtis): Neato
Nokri (Marisa): Buckle up y’all we’re cow cosplayin today
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Someone call momokun
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Or actually that guy from fruits baskets
Nokri (Marisa): Momokun and finninyan were the first ones I thought of, they’ll meet us at the chick fil a
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): SCREAMS
Aldus Larian (Jess): "uhh um no?"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What does one even say to that
Nokri (Marisa): it didn't get shut down?
Aldus Larian (Jess): he said it got shut down half way through
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): why'd it get shut down, and why does he want to host it again if he did so terribly that it got shut down
Bill: Because he has a hard on for being in control over people and wants attention from every single person he can control into giving him it to validate himself as the most alpha male in the room.
Nokri (Marisa): georgia you should bite back, "i don't think you're qualified to run it if it got shut down" "at least my events have never gotten shut down"
Bill: Too confrontational for her.
Bill: Not how she deals with him.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Nokri (Marisa): is he tho
Kaio Vermino (Lee): *calls tauradonna but not bumbleby*
Aldus Larian (Jess): "come now Georgia"
Aldus Larian (Jess): ugh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yall ever just wanna smack someone through the screen
Bill: You did when you dropped Ethan like a fucking rock.
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): True
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Fucking yikes though. What a pain in the ass.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _i could steal the shoot back in an instant holy hell_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like the only reason he had it this year was cause i let him
Bill: ~~if you're at RTX next year~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://external-preview.redd.it/VJBJBLya0zc5BAnoKPTdrgi4UALdx_tlJhtNERBzWhk.jpg?auto=webp&s=572424844dbe1ed8e391d1911e14a1d7e49d2be5
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Wow that's so accurate
Nokri (Marisa): still reeling that he let it get shut down
Nokri (Marisa): did he do any kind of preparation
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: I was thinking about RTX this morning actually... RTX is social con for the rwbyies, even Anna said it was more about hanging out with people. All the groups are built around the instagram fame groups ~~or Ethan's~~, like Casey. 

So like, I'd be an outsider? I'm somewhat known I guess, but like. If Georgia was doing her own thing for the con I don't have in an with RTX Fame group and the rest of the people like Gen, Peter, etc I'd know would *also* be there so I'd be at a con decidedly social based not socializing? Feels like it too late to be involved if you aren't someone's constant plus one all con or something.

That's hella pessimistic of course but it's a 2 hour drive and my thoughts are rarely positive that early in the morning. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Nokri (Marisa): Cons are for everyone. RTX has a lot going on, I doubt i would socialize very much if I went because there are a lot of events I’d prefer to go see. 

You can’t be an outsider at a con.
Nokri (Marisa): Wow you have to buy entry into some events though that sucks
Bill: I disagree. It depends on what you want out of cons.
Nokri (Marisa): Time to fight
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yea but plenty of people know you bill
Nokri (Marisa): If you’re going for a purely social reason why go to cons at all
Nokri (Marisa): Because there’s a lot of people you know there? Then don’t go to rtx
Nokri (Marisa): If you want to go to rtx, go to it
Bill: You go to the con because all the people you want to socialize with are there together. It's a reason to be together.
Nokri (Marisa): Then with that logic, you don’t want to go to rtx.
Bill: how? I would go, to socialize.
Nokri (Marisa): Then what was your whole post a few minutes ago about
Bill: I'm saying based on the cliques that have formed, it'd be hard to do the socialization coming in late.
Nokri (Marisa): Unless you show up on Sunday of the con you can’t be late
Aldus Larian (Jess): you want to go to cons to socialize but you dont think youll be able to socialize at rtx so then you wouldnt want to go
Nokri (Marisa): <:pew:543202259085950996> yeah that
Bill: Know. Not to the point of inviting to the house parties, dinners, etc. Though again, pessimistic. I could be wrong.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i think this was annas first year
Bill: Ye.
Aldus Larian (Jess): there isnt like seniority to it or something
Bill: She was squading with Casey via the grimm rwby cosplay and that's bonding experience.
Nokri (Marisa): If you’re nervous about meeting new people or forming new social circles, that’s normal. Be nervous and talk to us about your nerves. 

But don’t believe that you can’t form new social groups and talk about being unable to do something without trying
Bill: It's just a thought, I'm not looking for advice... just to clarify. It is still unlikely I'd go to RTX simple because where would I stay, how would I get that much time off work, etc. 

It's possible. I was just thinking the RTX group is quite tight knit via the last three years. And given people like Casey have to worry about ~~Ethan~~ people trying to use them for their fame, they're already going to be on guard.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): **WELL YOURE GETTIN ADVICE ANYWAYS KIDDO**
Aldus Larian (Jess): dont casey and jake already kinda know you tho?
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t even know who Casey and jake are so that means you’re already in with their group
Bill: Not without Georgia. Though, Jake might recognize me anyway. We bonded a bit walking around CCE over famous cosplay handler life.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but you know other people thta hang out with them. you said anna was tagging alot with them, hunter does too. and whoever else is in there little squad
Aldus Larian (Jess): jake would recognize you for sure. the fact you dont cosplay alot probably actually helps with people recognizing you
Nokri (Marisa): ^
It takes at least 2-3 years of being “friends” for someone to recognize me at a con. 
If you go, you can make a name for yourself without relying on georgia’s connections
Nokri (Marisa): Or if you use her connections, you can make a separate identity for yourself
Nokri (Marisa): Isn’t that what you told me to do with my friend’s friends
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah rtx is pretty chill too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): everyone just hangs with whoever they vaguely know
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its not a weird guarded thing or whatever
Bill: I do think there's a difference between "know" and "invite to the social dinner/party/etc". Course I'm my source on that, and I am guarded like that.
Bill: It is Marisa, I'm glad you were listening.
Nokri (Marisa): Then you don’t really want to go to the con, you just want to hang out with them?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i think your predisposition not to like RTX is influencing your assumption
Bill: Hanging at the con is easy ye. It's the meeting up after con closes stuff that I question. Like you can hang all day, but then the group will be like 'k see you later we have dinner reservations' and boom you're alone, and since the rest of the night is off the con floor you can't just run into them again, unless you invite yourself along.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): cause RTX works just like any other con lol
Bill: It's more an assumption on the RTX group being tight knit, than the con itself.
Aldus Larian (Jess): They don't really seem like it to me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah its not really tight knit
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like I see them hanging out with all different people
Bill: I mean. I've been outsider at regular cons in the past too so.
Nokri (Marisa): Then if you aren’t invited you walk around and talk to people until you’re invited somewhere, or you invite someone else
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t get the whole outsider at a con thing?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah like they invited whoever to the house party last year
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if you  knew someone rooming there, boom youre in
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that easy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): photo evidence lol
Bill: I don't like to ever be alone at a con. It feels like a waste of con. (That's a personal choice, there's nothing actually wrong with being alone at con.) But what makes it worth it for me is shooting and being with people. So if I end up left behind by everyone for whatever reason, the con sucks. It's why I try and coordinate dinner together for whoever's in the room, even when it's stressful and annoying get answers. Tis so that no one is ever stuck alone.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): whats the point you were makin bout RTX tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that youd end up alone?
Bill: Because everyone has groups in place, yeah pretty much. And I acknowledge it's pessimistic, and I could put the fear aside were I to choose so. But it made enough sense to me that the thought was notable.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah the groups are more fluid than youd think
Nokri (Marisa): So do you want to go to RTX, or do you want to make friends with the people who go to RTX?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i hung out with a lotta diff "groups" last year
Nokri (Marisa): Like, to you, what’s the difference between RTX and Otakon?
Bill: You're you Georgia. People want you around. (Not to say that don't want me around, you just have a likable quality to you.)

RTX is exactly one panel worth going to and nothing else interesting about the con (because I'm not a RT fan) and one group of people. Otakon is a different group of people and more diverse stuff to buy/do.
Nokri (Marisa): Then why do you wanna go to rtx
For that one group of people?
Bill: Pretty much. Cons are about the people to me.
Nokri (Marisa): Then start messaging them online
Bill: I mean, I did literally nothing at Nezumicon. I signed on cause you'd be there, and then Leanna and Anna.
Nokri (Marisa): Im sorry I got a lucrative offer for work on that day. I always tell people not to come to stuff for me. You got to hang out a lot with lee and Anna though right?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ok but it wasnt a me thing tho there was just a chill atmosphere
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Wish went this year and had only met a handful of people briefly at katsu and she made a fuckload of friends over the weekend and hung out with a bunch of groups
Kaio Vermino (Lee): No ones alone there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i went with ethan and casey two years ago and walked away with many more friends
Nokri (Marisa): In ten years of going to cons alone I’ve never not made friends
Nokri (Marisa): And I hate talking to people
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): When I went I got to meet a lot of people I'd interacted with on Insta. I'm sure anyone you've interacted with would recognize you and hang out with you
Kaio Vermino (Lee): From what I heard, it's not as cliquey as you think. Everyone is there for the same reason and everyone wants to share the fun
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Like People who dont usually hang out at katsucon hang out together at rtx
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It's a social environment and basically a big party
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah the RWBY community at RTX is pretty open. Go to the meetup and it's very easy to go up and say hi and talk to anyone
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like Toxiquetrone booped me on the nose for the sole fact that I was dressed as Blake
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Never met her before then
Bill: Not a fan of text based relationships. I'd rather build the relationship in person cause that's how I like to be with people. End up feeling too distant from people I only know via texts. (This comes from a specific experience in college with someone I was very close to, but since we were only friends in text the relationship felt empty) 

(delayed, had to explain stuff at work)
Bill: I was wondering how Wish did. I knew she went in without her Katsu group. Glad for that.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Granted, don't really talk at all, but like, an example of the RWBY cosplay community at RTX being very open
Bill: Yeah, as you all say. Like I said, it was what I was thinking about this morning.
Bill: Doesn't mean I'm right.
Bill: Just what I thought.
Bill: Being left behind for bigger and better people, or being on the outside looking in are just fears of mine.
Nokri (Marisa): surprisingly big extrovert eh
Bill: sure, without the extroversion to get the interaction I want/need. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 😑
Nokri (Marisa): Introversion isn’t about being shy, it’s about not wanting to be around others all the time. You can be a shy extrovert, which sounds like you are.
Bill: I've never been extroverted on a personality test. Always considered myself a mix tho.
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk you dont seem to enjoy being alone very often
Bill: I used to.
