Bill: Bleh. I had the windows open but the downstairs neighbors are smoking on their patio and the smell coming up through the slider door. Had to close it.
Nokri (Marisa): euguhhh
Nokri (Marisa): that's so gross
Bill: I mean, it’s... whatever. I think it’s gross but it IS their home... I can’t hate them for it. Sucks though cause the breeze was nice.
Bill: I met one of them before I moved in, she said they’re moving in the winter. So it might not be a problem soon.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): At least it's not weed smoke
Bill: True!
Nokri (Marisa): haha i'm making myself sad again <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): nuuu
Aldus Larian (Jess): do u wanna talk about it?
Nokri (Marisa): thank u, but i don't think there's really anything to talk about. i'll just cry it out and sleep
Nokri (Marisa): that seems healthy
Bill: We here for you if you do want to talk about it. Wuv you!
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok we here for you! ❤
Nokri (Marisa): I used a cup for the first time in a little while and spilled water everywhere lol rip
Nokri (Marisa): how do use cup?
Bill: 😑 ran into downstairs neighbor leaving apartment. Complimented my Subaru and talked cars for a few minutes and the he said “good day kid”
Aldus Larian (Jess): Well how old was he?
Bill: Oh he is older than me. Over 40. I’m just salty about ageism.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wouldn't really consider that ageism <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Aldus Larian (Jess): "thanks, man" "have a good day, kid"
Nokri (Marisa): “Thanks old geezer”
El🆓de Faun (Tom): that doesnt really sound like agism idk <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): would you rather he call you "bro" or "dude"?
"good day bruh" "see you my main man"
Bill: It was just an all positive interaction before that so I was a little salty.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): isnt that positive tho?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): why is being called kid not positive
El🆓de Faun (Tom): by an older dude
El🆓de Faun (Tom): dude bro
El🆓de Faun (Tom): bro dude
Aldus Larian (Jess): You call people kid also so are you ageist?
Bill: I just have a lot of pride in being a competent adult (minus all that depression stuff <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>) and the things I’ve achieved so I don’t like being called a kid.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): why tho
Bill: Cause a kid isn’t a competent adult?
Bill: I guess?
Nokri (Marisa): is anybody really a competent adult ever?
Bill: Gotta take pride in what I can!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): whats pride lol?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): i dont wanna hear you call anyone kid ever again
Bill: Last person I called kid was Georgia when she was 19 so. Justified. Anyway nothing wrong with wanting to be respected as an adult and not just a kid.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The same guy is probably thinking “i called that guy a kid cause he’s like 20 something so. Justified.”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Just sayin lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): BRUH snow can eat farts honestly
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Someone made an “elderly Disney princesses group” with walkers as props
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which was yeah, probably in poor taste
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And the girl is explaining that she needs the wheelchair cause she has a knee problem anyways
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But snow is all up in her comments section saying she needs to do this and that for appropriating mobility devices
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like someone said sorry and that they actually need the device, stop being a turd
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo there’s a lot of people complaining about them in their comments
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): There was one comment someone saying she obviously doesn't need it because she was dancing around in another video and I was just like, *can you not?*
Nokri (Marisa): stuff like that is tricky. i thought it was accepted to use props like that in cosplay as long as it was... tasteful i guess? like hunter used a wheelchair for kogaracon. he stayed in it the whole time which he probably shouldn't of because people started making concessions for him (unless he actually needed it at the time?). people cosplay blind or deaf characters all the time, or characters with missing limbs. as long as the cosplayer isn't using a mobility prop to their advantage it's usually alright, right? maybe i'm wrong
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): No one can cosplay post V3 Yang anymore unless they're actually an amputee
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH stuff like that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _time to yeet my arm off for cosplay_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean I get that it makes it hard for disabled people to be able to actually use them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So it was maybe a choice in poor taste
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like hunter probably shouldn’t have done that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But the girl said she needed a brace so Idk why snow has her like, on a pike
Nokri (Marisa): it's a neat idea, the old lady disney princesses
i think it would've been better with actual old people
and i think most people are angry about the walkers? the person with the leg brace is probably ok to use it, but everyone else who was able to walk fine but used walkers to get around anyway are the issue, i think
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's a tricky situation because like, if you want to cosplay a character who's defining trait is some sort of disability, how are you supposed to do that without key aspects of that character?
Nokri (Marisa): i guess for the disney princesses, since it was an original design they didn't *have* to use the walkers, and doing so made everyone angry?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I wonder if a cane would’ve caused similar outrage
Nokri (Marisa): ppppprobably not? kurtis uses a cane, and plenty of other costumes do too. it's impossible to tell though 😭
Nokri (Marisa): alternate universe give us answers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yeah Roman and Ozpin/Oscar cosplayers gotta ditch their canes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Anyone who doesn't need glasses to see can't cosplay characters with glasses
Nokri (Marisa): Only dead people can cosplay dead characters
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YEAH!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Snow isn't allowed to cosplay Summer anymore
Aldus Larian (Jess): Can't cosplay V cuz I'm not actually blind
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Tom can't cosplay Seven
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Marisa can't cosplay that character who cut off her ear
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Georgia can't cosplay Toga because she isn't a psychopath
Nokri (Marisa): *i gotta cUT OFF MY EAR RITHT NOW
Nokri (Marisa): *
Nokri (Marisa): *NYOOM*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The Toga one is really making me think because people cosplay characters with various types of mental illnesses...
Nokri (Marisa): yeah. and people beat themselves up (using makeup) to represent characters who have been abused
Nokri (Marisa): according to my list of costumes there are 18 cosplays i can't do anymore
Nokri (Marisa): time to toss them
Nokri (Marisa): for reasons such as dead, anemic, missing limbs or mortally wounded in some way, or mental issues that i don't have
Nokri (Marisa): shocker
Nokri (Marisa): oh 19 because ray is scarred now
Aldus Larian (Jess): I can't cosplay mine cuz I'm not actually pink
Can't cosplay Nora cuz I don't have lighting powers
Can't cosplay saeran cuz I don't have a mental disorder and I want abused as a child
Can't cosplay mononoke cuz I want raised in the woods
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Opps
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who can we still cosplay guys?
Nokri (Marisa): oo. i think so, i counted guys as cosplay-able
Aldus Larian (Jess): Good good
Nokri (Marisa): can we cosplay non-humans
Nokri (Marisa): i guess i can't cosplay san either if you can't
Nokri (Marisa): *technically can't cosplay anyone because not japanese*
Aldus Larian (Jess): No thats insulting to actual non-humans
Nokri (Marisa): oh ok my bad let me revise
Nokri (Marisa): wait what about demi-humans or humans with animal ears
Nokri (Marisa): Ai Shindou - is a cat
Atsuko Kagari - never recovered her stolen magic
Chise Hatori - has a dragon hand
Corrin - technically not human
Dani Whytte - possessed by a demon for ages and reduced to a husk of a human
Elsie - not human, in constant threat of being decapitated by unremovable collar
Emma - no ear, has tattoos
Eevee - not human
Feferi Peixes - not human, dead
Fluttershy - not human (except in some movies...?)
Fuuko Ibuki - in a coma
Hanji Zoe - missing an eye
Hiyori - more spirit than human now
Holo - not human
Jade Harley - dead and half dog
Katara - dead
Ladybug - is a magical combination of a human and kwami
Mephisto - not human
Mikaela Hyakuya - not human
Monomi - not human
Mirai Kuriyama - anemic and has cursed blood
Nia Teppelin - dead
Nowi - not human
Pyrrha Nikos - dead
Raven (RF4) - not human
Ray - has facial scar
Remilia Scarlet - not human
Selkie - not human
Shia - not human
Sollux - not human, dead
Terra - dead
Toriel - not human, maybe dead
Yona - multiple scar wounds
Yuuichiro - not human
Nokri (Marisa): rip
Nokri (Marisa): luckily that's only around half so there's still stuff to cosplay <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Whoa!
Kaio Vermino (Lee): The kicker is that she told the girl with the brace that it was not a good enough reason to use a wheelchair. And that no one should be able to cosplay ANY character that hinders their vision with contacts or giant armor or anything that requires a handler
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I went on a rant about this last night
Kaio Vermino (Lee): You cant pick and choose who offends you based on if you like them or not. 

No one ever complained when hunter used the chair for tavros
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wait snows thinks... People shouldn't wear contacts?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Yea she said that the ariel cosplayer wearing white out contacts was insensitive
Aldus Larian (Jess): How tho?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): That it hinders your vision and makes you need help to get around which in turn makes you "mocking blind people"
Kaio Vermino (Lee): A really fucking stupid arguement
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I mean snow is mad at lore Olympus so how do you converse with a human like that
Nokri (Marisa): Whaaaaaaat
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Omg LMAO yall
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Snow just liked my tweet that is directly about her
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Nokri (Marisa): Her icon looks vaguely similar to Persephone that’s misappropriation
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): LMAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ommgg lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Updated
