Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so 👏 i got a message from nasa
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): they said theyre interested in my application but they need a transcript that prints my college's name on it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _my college doesnt do that_
Nokri (Marisa): Whaaat? All colleges should do that. It usually costs money but how can they not do that
Nokri (Marisa): Did you visit the registrar’s office?
Nokri (Marisa): You go to Rutgers right?
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): I thought someone was maniacally laughing outside the house but it was just a duck
Nokri (Marisa): <@!245270932602486784> if you order the transcript they can usually ship it directly to the recipient, instead of you having to wait for a week then pick it up then mail it yourself
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah NASA wants it by the end of day today
Nokri (Marisa): **oof**
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i emailed them back saying my unofficial transcript doesnt have my school name, but i can send them an official on from my school by email by the end of tomorrow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _pray for me_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im kinda conflicted tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): idk which position i applied for that theyre considering me for
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i wonder if itll be worth delaying my graduation by a semester
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): also i dont think noah would be able to take spending summer apart AND fall 😕
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The way I see it, is that you have always really wanted an opportunity to work at NASA. If you manage to get this internship, that's a huge step forward in the direction *you* want to go with *your* life. I think it would be 100% worth delaying your graduation a semester. As for the Noah situation, if you were to get this position, I feel that he should be understanding that this is something that is important to you and your future career.
Nokri (Marisa): This could be your dream internship though right? This could change your entire future and open so many opportunities. I agree with Erik yeah, Noah is at his internship now right? It’d be unfair to give up your dream internship and all the opportunities that come with it, and Noah should realize that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): true true...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and if he doesnt realize that then hes prob not worth it anyways
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): okie thank friends ill see if they offer me any of that good good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): NASA before ass(a) <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): My mother gave up a ton of opportunities for “love” and if she hadn’t stayed for her boyfriends she’d of gotten a headlining act in Vegas and been on Whose Line is it Anyway and be a lawyer and all sorts of cool stuff
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): NASA WILL TAKE A SCREENSHOT OF MY SCHEDULE INSTEAD OF A TRANSCRIPT HOORAH
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): huzzah!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yay!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they probably just want to double check to make sure you're an actively enrolled student
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oooo they switched me from "the NASA team" to a person with an actual title
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _the program coordinator_
Bill: You have *always* said your career goals were most important to you.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i knooooow
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ~~but boys are nice~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but theyre also more common than nasa internships <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): having money and a cool job is nicer than boys
Bill: case in point, I bought an apple watch on a whim.
Bill: You have wanted this as long as I've known you. Everyone doesn't get the chance to chase a dream like this, so unless your priorities have changed, chase it.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~how does the Apple watch tie into that?~~
Bill: having money.
Nokri (Marisa): the truth come out. does biru is gay
Bill: ~~I do nothing cause whomp~~
Bill: Less a whim rather than I wanted the heart rate monitor, technically.
Nokri (Marisa): we got one of those from the doctor for $10
Bill: *The point* is that a cool job that pays well is nice.
Nokri (Marisa): also publish papers
the decent paying jobs in my field all require 3+ published research papers but i can't apply because all my publications aren't in that field
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *think of all the money for cosplay!*
Nokri (Marisa): someone just sent me the perfect job that's hiring that i fit all their requirements but it's in nagoya and i can't leave the country rip
El🆓de Faun (Tom): :( nooooo
Nokri (Marisa): a university teaching and liason position that doesn't require published papers and gives preference to those with basic japanese/has a master's degree/has 2-3 years experience working in administration at a business school, 40k annual salary. i meet all their preferences and that's a ton of money aaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): also you can apply from outside of japan which is super rare
El🆓de Faun (Tom): You definitely can't leave? :(
Nokri (Marisa): even if all my tests come back clean, i wouldn't be able to bring all the medicine i'm currently on, and the medicine that I can bring I can only bring a month's worth at most so I'd have to undergo all the tests and doctor's appointments again and start a whole new medicine regime in another language
plus we don't have the money to afford a plane ticket or deposit and rent on an apartment and it's very hard to find furnished apartments that allow foreigners in nagoya, we're barely scraping by as it is and I can't get another loan to fund it.
Bill: There's the possibility the job will pay to fly you out and situation you.
Nokri (Marisa): lol
Nokri (Marisa): i couldn't leave sylvia. she's the reason i rushed to come home in the first place. i promised her i wouldn't leave again and i already broke that once
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Bring Sylvia!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): get one of those baby carriers people wear
Nokri (Marisa): job starts in september if i somehow magically become able to apply and go there, and pets have to undergo a period of quarantine for several months before they can be flown out of the country. plus the stress of flying for 20 hours probably wouldn't be good for her, and we'd have to bring enough of her current food to properly transition to another type of food in japan, plus we wouldn't be able to afford another ticket to bring her along if we can't afford a ticket to get me there
Nokri (Marisa): and what if someone on the plane is allergic to cats
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao the last one
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That would be me
Nokri (Marisa): wow tom is the reason i can't apply to this job
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Damn I succ
Nokri (Marisa): i can sell candles in the street!
Nokri (Marisa): me
El🆓de Faun (Tom): The BOI
Bill: Mohanish put in his resignation. 👀
Bill: I mean, I knew he was pretty frustrated with IBM but.
Bill: ~~my bet was on Meina to jump first I was literally thinking about it this morning~~
Bill: Oh boy this sexual harassment training course we all have to do is FUN
Bill: Cringe worthy videos and I can’t work on my laptop at the same time cause the audio cuts out.
Nokri (Marisa): fun!! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: ~~I’m not the one who was pushing Danny to sleep around after the social~~ <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): that should be reported
Bill: Hr was there lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): I wish we had sexual harassment training
Bill: Glad this video made it clear being an asshole isn’t related to a quote protected characteristic u quote so the law gives NO fucks.
Bill: 
Bill: I just had to play family feud.
Bill: I lost.
Bill: I guess it’s cause I don’t. Discriminate.
Bill: Woo I win.
Bill: ~~Who discriminates against vets tho oof~~
Nokri (Marisa): *how do you lose family feud it's so easy*
wait biru lets play family feud <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): lots of people discriminate against vets for many reasons
Bill: I couldn’t guess gender identity, I tried too many different ways of saying it.
Bill: Sexual orientation, gay, straight, lqbt...
Nokri (Marisa): if you can't guess gender identity do they confiscate your gender identity
Aldus Larian (Jess): Vets sometimes get priority I think? Like I think employers need to have a certain amount of vets or something, so therefore it's federally protected
Nokri (Marisa): ooo is this just about discrimination in the workplace
Bill: Yay progressiveness, they’re listing all of these as sexual harassment topics.
Bill: I guess that’s more like positive discrimination tho Jess.
Bill: I was thinking like. Someone saying “fuck you I hate people who. Fight for my freedom”.
Nokri (Marisa): people don't hire vets, that's why there are laws saying they have to be hired
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean people get harassed for all those topics, which all relate to sex and gender
Bill: I know?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok?
Bill: I’d expect a course like this to not bring up lgbt because it was made in 1980 or something.
Bill: That’s why I’m praising it for mentioning the topics at all.
Nokri (Marisa): there have been veterans who return home to be disparaged and hated by everyone because people didn't agree with the war they fought in, even if they were drafted and had no choice
and vets often aren't hired because they often have ptsd or are considered ticking time bombs that can explode on people at any moment, or that they won't "fit in" with office culture
Aldus Larian (Jess): It seemed like you didn't consider them sexual harassment since you said "they're listing all of thsmese as sexual harassment"
Bill: No, they are.
Bill: I just didn’t expect them to be brought up, because this kind of thing isn’t usually very up to date.
Nokri (Marisa): if they aren't up to date then the company is bad because they aren't covering issues properly
Bill: True.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah alot of stuff is behind but tech companies don't seem to bw
Bill: The course isn’t made by Indellient.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Also now a days people pay for a service that makes them
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Which helps
Bill: ^
Bill: It’s a good thing.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Before people would just but the tapes or someshit
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We have some also
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lol we have nothing
El🆓de Faun (Tom): We hired a person who makes the them using a software for it
Aldus Larian (Jess): Maybe that's why old guys are always touching me
El🆓de Faun (Tom): And people upstairs have to voice it
Bill: ~~do I come off dickish a lot or something? I feel like I get misconstrued as if saying things like “this isn’t sexual harassment” a lot~~
Nokri (Marisa): your wording can be a little confusing, and the lack of context and voice doesn't help because we just see the plain text
Bill: Wonderful. orz
Aldus Larian (Jess): It also came off as if you were complaining about having to take the course
Bill: I mean, I have actual work to do.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea but that course is at least attempting to keep people safe
Nokri (Marisa): and your company is making you do it, right
so it's still working
Bill: Mhmm. Which is why I’m taking it...
Bill: But I’d rather be working on work.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You just seemed to have a negative attitude toward the whole thing from the beginning and then didn't speak clearly on what you meant by "they are listing all of these" so it came off as "omg why do we need to talk about all this"
Bill: ~~why do we all of this is common sense, I don’t understand why people don’t get these things~~ But, I’ll burn billable hours if it forces the people who don’t to learn.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Because unfortunately it's not common sense to alot people
Bill: Yup.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like the old guys who think it's appropriate to hug me, corner me in a part of my office that no one can see and call me things like "honey"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Or make comments about how "women only care about gossip"
Bill: Thought of your office needing this as soon as it started tbh.
Aldus Larian (Jess): My office needs to get into the 21st century but it's run by an 80 yr old who thinks women are second rate citizens
Bill: Yup. Huge dick.
Aldus Larian (Jess): And only hires black people to keep affirmative action of his back. Then fires them cuz "they can't be trusted"
Nokri (Marisa): there are a lot of very ignorant people
Nokri (Marisa): everyone has things they're ignorant of
Bill: And those are the people that need this, which is why everyone has to do it.
Bill: But, I can be frustrated cause, call me arrogant if you want, it’s not something I need, because I know to act in appropriate ways.
Nokri (Marisa): if your future girlfriend is someone bi or pan i'm sure she'd appreciate you taking the course just to see what struggles she faces
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~Or even just a woman~~ but moreso that yea
Bill: Stuff hasn’t changed since the quickchek version. Not that it’s a good thing it hasn’t, but rather than rehash it’s more useful to find a way to make changes. ~~also this course is for workplace scenarios not specifically sex/orientation~~
Nokri (Marisa): you can make those changes then! take the course and then send an email to the company that makes it suggesting how you think it can be improved
Bill: Our company is fine.
Bill: It’s Jess’s that’s a mess.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm lost i think we've had a disconnect and are talking about different things <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: I don’t need to email my company. Or do you mean the company who makes the course?
Nokri (Marisa): ya
Bill: Ah.
Bill: This content is important for people without common sense/who’ve never seen it before.
Bill: It’s not that course is wrong.
Nokri (Marisa): you were saying "Not that it’s a good thing it hasn’t, but rather than rehash it’s more useful to find a way to make changes. "
Nokri (Marisa): i was recommending that you could suggest those changes
Bill: Generally. Not with the course.
Nokri (Marisa): <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): maybe it just comes off as more important to us because we're more commonly the recipients of harassment
Bill: I’m not saying it’s not important!
Bill: 😒
Nokri (Marisa): o
see the language you're using is confusing to me and it makes it sound like the opposite. i don't know if others in aurii also see it that way but this whole time it sounded like you didn't want to do it because you thought it was stupid and unimportant
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea youre definitely fixing off the impression nthat it isn't important
Bill: It is important. I KNOW the content and RESPECT the content already so to me it is boring and telling me stuff I already know. The message is not in question, that fact that I already know it is. I will stop talking now cause I don’t like needing to justify I’m not a dick who what, doesn’t care about sexual harassment? Of course I care, it is moral wrong. Workplace, hanging out, cons, anywhere. 😒
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): To play devil's advocate, I can kind of see where Bill is coming from. He's already had training on this sort of thing so to him, it isn't relevant to him (due to prior training and common sense). It's not that it isn't important to him, but that it is  important for people who don't have common sense to be taking this course.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea there's just no way for the company to *know* that. so everyone has to take it. They mean well
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): valid
Bill: ^
Nokri (Marisa): true. but devil's devil's advocate (i'm not saying this applies to biru at all because he's a good bean but this is how other people might see it): people who think they know all of this and are above taking the course are the ones who need it the most, and if they see others not taking it because they "know it all" and respect it then they'll think that gives them a free pass to skip it as well. so it's best if everyone cooperates and suffers together
Bill: ~~which is why I’m doing it~~
Nokri (Marisa): ~~but would you still do it if you had the choice? ;3c~~
Bill: The course is forcing to take 60 seconds to read the policy for our company which is not actually attached. 🤦
Nokri (Marisa): u gotta open your third eye to see it
Bill: Or I read it on day one. 😒
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Doesn't hurt to read it again <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: These hours don’t get billed man, I can get in trouble for that.
Bill: You can post that on your wall Jess.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ours said that patting someone on the back and saying they did a good job wasn't harassment
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Which I guess would t be unless they asked them not to and they did it anyways
Nokri (Marisa): they should explain why "sweetheart" could be harassment, because otherwise it's just "ugh women are so easily offended"
Bill: In the land of the course, that would be HRs job.
Bill: Not that Jess *has* HR.
Bill: Which is part of the problem.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): SPITS
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wgfjkkgdx what the fuck
Bill: I told you you'd get into NASA didn't I.
Bill: Good job.
Bill: (and on the course stuff, can we please not assume I don't care about sensitive issues that affect the people I care about? Please and thank?)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Georgia holy fucking congrats do it
Aldus Larian (Jess): Heyyy congratulations! 🎉🎉
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m still in class I’m gonna cry
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): What the fuck I’m in shock
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): NASA????
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Me!?
Bill: Proud of you.
Bill: Damn proud.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456> <:rise:582318089228648456>
Tikur (Kurtis): Space time
Tikur (Kurtis): CONGRATS!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also if you guys could keep this on the down low for now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I wanna check with my academic counselors and physics advisor to make sure I can pull this off
Bill: *well I was going to post it all over instagram but instagram is down so*
Bill: Course Georgia.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 8/26 to 12/13, 16 weeks
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 11,680 stipend
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Holy baloney
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s big money
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Get 👏 that 👏 bread 👏
Bill: Room/board?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My grandpas house is still down there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So it seems my mom and aunt (who now co-own the house) would be willing to put me there
Bill: A house to yourself?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They need someone to take care of it while prepping it for renters anyways ;3c
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~Aurii party in Florida? ;D~~
Bill: Holmat is the weekend you’d be coming home.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It does have multiple bedrooms and lots of space
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also I still feel like I’m having a stroke I’m in shock ahaaaa
Bill: You earned it. It shouldn’t be a shock.
