Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): as I was getting onto the highway to go to work, there was some asshole AT A COMPLETE STOP at the top of a SPEED RAMP
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the fucker had the audacity to flip me off when I honked at him to get moving because *that's the exact opposite way of getting onto a highway*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there were two other cars that were then behind me, also honking
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we had to go around him *in the shoulder* to keep going
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): fucking cunt ass bitch
Tikur (Kurtis): Y'all send help.....the doc had front desk put it up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): quality instagram account 10/10
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *has more followers than I do*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn son
Tikur (Kurtis): I just love that he can do this instead of actual stuff for the office
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): put up another sign for your insta
Dizzy: You should choose be productive and do actual work
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): !choose be productive and do actual work, fuck around at your desk... again
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): fine...
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Dizzy will always choose work
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Dizzy is responsible
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Interesting statistic
Bill: TLDR this guy just send an email saying he's going to delete a bunch of tables in a DB (including my tables) because they aren't given a unique classification. Which no one SAID you needed. 

Highlighted is the part where he's even more of a dick.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Hint: fuck off*
Bill: right?
Bill: God I'd strange this guy.
Bill: *He looks like a douche*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): was his last company photo from the 70s?
Bill: Probably but that's no excuse.
Bill: ~~of course who am I to comment on looks~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *a little harsh, but okay...*
Bill: Bored, tired, and long drives is not a good combination for keeping da depressing things out of mind. 🙃
Nokri (Marisa): you really ought to visit a doctor if you can
Aldus Larian (Jess): Agreed
Bill: That’s entirely valid, tho more commentary on the scenario.
Nokri (Marisa): we're commenting on it now to prevent yourself from committing suicide later
Bill: Little much there.
Nokri (Marisa): is it though
Nokri (Marisa): that's what depression does
