Nokri (Marisa): A nice dream for once? Crazy
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Wooo!
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Did you find the dream catcher <:Shooketh_Honda_San:605590718026874901>
Nokri (Marisa): No <:woah:543194447345876998>
El氣電e Faun (Tom): It found you
Nokri (Marisa): Then that proves the dream catchers themselves work and it窶冱 not reliant on the placebo effect to diminish nightmares <:woah:543194447345876998>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh speaking of dreams, I had one where I encountered my ex
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That was a yikes
Nokri (Marisa): did it wind up as a good or bad dream? or just weird and neutral
Nokri (Marisa): yesterday mine was about getting into an arranged marriage with a super rich guy from old money but it was really abusive and messed up and when i tried to break it off he started stalking and harassing me and trying to kill me
today's was interesting. i think i fell in love with someone with really nice hair and we didn't wind up together because i think he died from a head injury but the sensation of love was nice. a warm and happy mood.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Awwww 沽ｭ first one sounds terrible but second one sounds mostly good!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It was just awkward. Like I was walking around like, a little shop area or something and saw a little blonde kid and realized it was hers so I doubled back before he could see me and then I walked to like a pavilion area and she was there and was just like "Hey"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And I was like "Aren't you supposed to be in Washington?"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And that was about it
Nokri (Marisa): dream revenge time
Nokri (Marisa): our neighbors car was broken into so I was checking the cameras, I found the break in but it窶冱 so freaky. 
Why are there so many people roaming around the neighborhood at 3am all the time. Every day on the cameras there are just people milling around the parking lots and streets. 

Then the people that broke into her car were just sitting in it for a long while before a truck drove by and they ran.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Drugs prob?
Nokri (Marisa): Probably
But why can窶冲 they roam around high in their own houses
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk man 沽ｭ
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh I forgot to mention in my dream I was running around for... Something
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And I run into a girl we met at a convention
El氣電e Faun (Tom): And she was with Snoop dawg
El氣電e Faun (Tom): They were dating but he wouldn't look at me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Nice
Nokri (Marisa): snoop why
Nokri (Marisa): what a sad dream
El氣電e Faun (Tom): i know :c
