Elfriede Faun (Tom): yeah i hate those bois\
Elfriede Faun (Tom): it rain and like 3 spawn outta nowhere
Elfriede Faun (Tom): and when you kill them they like disapear and like 4 legs remain
Bill: If the stuff about bumble placing people who are frequently swiped right on (the negative one) at the back of women’s queues so they won’t see that person unless they swipe a TON... 

Having no matches probably means I’m ending up there again. Which would... mean either pay for their spotlight feature (not a chance) or delete again and restart. To. The same results. 🤔😐
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Having one of those "one that got away" moments right now. There was a girl I met my freshman year of college and we didn't start talking a lot or hanging out until towards the end of the year. We both liked each other, but she was moving to Texas after our freshman year so we didn't really bother to pursue anything, but we kept in touch. She was a good Christian girl and we would have been good together. Tol girl. Dancer. Gave great hugs.

She moved a couple more times since then and is now in Illinois and she just hit me up saying she wants to try to take a vacation towards the east coast to visit friends and wants to try to see me. We caught up a little and then I scrolled back through old messages and we used to talk to each other about our current love lives (or lack thereof  lol). Then I saw a message she sent saying she thought we'd make a really good couple had she not left and I'm just like uuuuggghhhhhh lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): is that a ughhhhh "YOURE RIGHT"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean if she visitin and she single 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but it's only a short visit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I can't do distance like that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but she hates where she lives because there's nothing to do lol and when she finishes her MBA she's looking to move on her own so maybe she'll find something out towards Philly... 👀
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *~le sigh~*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Awwwww
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cute pic
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah “the one that got away” are sad to think about
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But it’s nice that she still wants to stay in touch!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wait is this a standing photo, oh my god she must be tall
Glonk: time to get used to a long distance relationship
Bill: After seeing your show dude... betcha she’s thinking you’re the one that got away too. You’re an awesome well rounded guy, talented and really caring.   I’m utterly amazed you haven’t been snapped up yet. Take a risk, talk to her more. You never know what can happen.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): True
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And thanks 💕
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And yeah she a tol
Glonk: dont back down on us, start something with her and give it 110%
Bill: You have Dave’s approval. It is rare and a blessing.
Bill: Do I just want to delete bumble and write it off as not working for me, or do I swipe the first 50 people that show up as match and see if I can get even one match without being selective, or if I’m just. That bad. Decisions. I’m tired of being upset by it and making me want to complain. Like now, so that’s done.
Bill: That was going to be a legitimate poll but. I shall follow the Dave’s advice and just ditch the app.
Bill: 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): how selective are you bein right now?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): out of 50 girls how many would you say you swipe right on
Bill: 2/5th. Something like that.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so like 20?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what usually makes you reject the other 30?
Bill: No bio... no pictures, 90% duck faces, interests that aren’t something I’d be in to... a variety of reasons.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): maybe try to swipe at like a 35/50 rate and see what happens
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): full 50 probably wont get you much more, considering part of the ones you reject probably would feel your interests dont match with yours anyways
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like swiping right on a party girl who realizes youre not a party person and doesnt swipe right isnt gonna get anywhere
Bill: The point is I doubt it’d work with 50... and I’m tired of being optimistic and then disappointed.
Bill: Dave’s right, people are going to be more willing to look at me as person and not a picture face to face.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah thats true
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dating apps are like crab traps
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you set them up and do the bare maintenance and maybe something will bite
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats kinda the nature of the game nowadays
Bill: It’s a looks a game. Girl may be an archer and love new girl which would be great to connect over, but if she swipes aside cause I’m not a hot doctor it’s pointless.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean yes and no
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its not like you want a girl that judges on looks alone
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you want a girl that connects with interests
Nokri (Marisa): If a person is judging you based on looks like that would you really want them anyway
Nokri (Marisa): Ya
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so the girls youd want anyways would stop and read your bio first
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t think it’s the looks though
Bill: Everyone makes judgements on looks to some degree. There’s extremes where they don’t talk to someone who looks like they have cellulite, and those are obvious no one I want to know. But everyone makes some judgements.
Bill: Track evidence shows no reads the bios or doesn’t get past what level of judgments they do make though. Which is why it’s not a helpful placebo anymore and more of an annoyance.
Nokri (Marisa): Doesn’t literally everyone have cellulite
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Bill: And that’s why those people are cray.
Aldus Larian (Jess): more common in women becuase of the way our skin holds fat in the cells
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mebbe dating apps are barking up the wrong tree then
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): internet dating sites tend to be more thorough
Bill: Over 50 percent of couples meet through mutual friends. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: The points just to cut out a frustration point right now. I don’t need to replace it with a new one.
Bill: For right now.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye fuck bumble and tinder then
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh wow even just 1% of people meet through speed dating
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i thought that was a thing TV made up
Bill: Fuck dating in general. Until I get frustrated with that again.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this isnt me trying to underhandedly give advice, im genuinely curious, have you gone to any of those speed dating things in the city?
Bill: No. I don’t really do anything in the city anymore, and I wouldn’t know how to find something like that anyway.
Bill: Being in the city is rather lonely. I don’t intend to move that way and next job I get won’t be that way, so I don’t want to start something with a New Yorker anyway; it’d be a distance thing I already want to bail on (comparing the distance to work travel).
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ay man dont knock a two hour distance til ya try it lol
Bill: Maintaining that out of college is a lot harder and I dont seem like the type who wants to be apart from a gf for too long.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean youd be in the city for work anyways
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 2 hours is a reasonable dating distance (at least for me)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): could do dinners, stay at her place on the weekends, etc etc
Bill: Anyway I used to say I’d get into the comedy scene in New York, explore the city... I tried a handful of times but I spent the whole timing wishing I was with friends. And then getting home at 11 to travel 2 hours again at 6am is rough.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): eh might be worth it on occasion
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): new york has the benefit of a huge population
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so playing the numbers is much easier
Bill: There’s a large population of better looking people. That came from someone else too, they were commenting on how New Yorkers are just prettier people.
Bill: And it’s true. Fashion industry and such.
Bill: Bumbles search radius hits New York by default anyway.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): bumble in new york and speed dating in new york are prob different pools tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if anything, i think the speed daters are a more mature crowd
Bill: Speed dating sounds like a social anxiety nightmare.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): which was why i was curious as to if you had done it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/028/596/dsmGaKWMeHXe9QuJtq_ys30PNfTGnMsRuHuo_MUzGCg.jpg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you talk to someone for 5 minutes about interesting things
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and move on
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you never have to see them again if you dont wanna
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): usually they have alcohol too LOL
Bill: I can’t see it working out. Like I said, even if I knew where that’d take place. At an hour where I can get a train out of the city early enough I can get enough sleep to get to work the next morning.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://cityswoon.com/speed-dating-newyork.jsp?all=true#topOfEvents
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): they have them on weekends too
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): google is love, google is life
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i mean some of those are higher age brackets but
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): https://www.nyminutedating.com/events.aspx
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dat ones better
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh my god theres a cougars and cubs event i need eyebleach
Bill: That’s a general trend... older style dating methods, older crowd. Young people get success in the apps.
Bill: Anyway. I’m not looking for solutions... the solution is I started with bumble cause I was annoyed I wasn’t *doing* anything and now it’s annoying cause nothing comes of it. So the fix is go back to not doing anything.
Bill: (Anything to force it anyway)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Bill let's both go to a cougars and cubs event together. It'll be fun
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): omfg
Bill: God no.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): erik plz
Bill: You’re going to be drowning in groupies before long tol guy. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): Do it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): What age/age gap is considered being a cougar?
Nokri (Marisa): I think cougars start at age 40
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 35 according to the speed dating website
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): all the way up to 55
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh my god thats so old
Nokri (Marisa): Retirement homes have issues with older residents trying to sleep with each other
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Then technically I've been flirted with by a cougar before lol
Bill: Let old people fuck.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oooo they have single parties too
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And Jeremy's fiance is technically a cougar then lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): that actually sounds fun
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _oh my god id be in that age bracket in two months_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): good to know if im ever looking for a sugar daddy
Bill: I don’t think you’d have the same experience as me at something like that. Keep that in mind.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): well the "bring a single" part means you could bring a friend and make it easier
Bill: Sure... doesn’t help you with the actual strangers, getting noticed by strangers, being chosen by strangers... in a room full of people who are all trying for the same thing. It’d be much more comfortable to drink in the corner with said friend. You
Bill: It’s like getting picked for dodgeball in high school.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hey if everyones tryna fuck then everyones tryna fuck
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): thats of course an over-simplification but still
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): its easier than the real world because at least the party would filter out the lesbians and girls with boyfriends
Bill: Which means they’re going to go for someone *attractive to them*.
Bill: Still an initial judgement based on appearance.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): everyones gotta a type my dude
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): sure theres an "objective attractive" but everyones got a type
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): youre someones type
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): society likes skinny girls with cute make up and dyed hair but that doesnt mean everyone else aint gettin attention
Bill: Tired of being optimistic and being let down.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): "youre somebody's type" isnt optimistic, its a reality
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ^
Nokri (Marisa): ^
Bill: It’s hard to believe after not seeing one person think that in my years on earth.
Bill: Your right, yes. But it’s no comfort.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): just cause they havent told you doesnt mean they havent thought it
Nokri (Marisa): Lots of people have been single their whole lives, doesn’t mean anything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): my mom didnt date until she was like 30
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and then her first date was some creepy neurosurgeon
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and then she met my dad on a plane to chicago
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): granted theyre not together anymore but she says she has a happy life with kids and that she'll date whenever she feels like it
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah remember that most relationships in the US aren’t permanent. Harsh but a true bummer.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah so 20 years of marriage is actually pretty good lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh okie well i guess that convo is over
Nokri (Marisa): <:rip:369476083248267274>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): RIP I'm hella sick and thought I could articulate something useful but I'm not having any luck. 

But bill if you ever do end up wanting to go to a singles party, I'll go with you. Even though I'm not really looking to date, I'm technically single and it might make it less awkward if were both there ?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd go too for the hell of it
Bill: I get what you’re saying, I do. And you’re right. But it’s hard to believe for me because anytime I did it didn’t happen. Believing and knowing are different is all.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): No pressure. but just let me know if you change your mind
Bill: Thank Leanna, Erik. Totes could.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: And everyone for the overall commentary.
Nokri (Marisa): I like that word it makes us sound like we’re the special features on a DVD
Bill: ~~I had to leave for a mystic messenger chat very important stuff~~
Bill: You are special Mawisa!
Nokri (Marisa): No u
Nokri (Marisa): You erased it that means you saw and acknowledged it <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: I acknowledged you trying to reflect a compliment.
Nokri (Marisa): the girl i had to go into work on saturday and train on her first day is being fired today <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: oof
Tikur (Kurtis): I always love when my Dad has to come over.  He finds a way to make an argument out of anything and the send my emotions into fucking defense mode for the rest of the day.  Totally toxically tubular brah 🤙
Bill: Oh shit sorry to hear that Kurto.
Bill: He gone now?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no 😭
Tikur (Kurtis): Yeah, he's been gone for a few hours but just like stuck in defense mode.
Bill: oof
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Big oof..
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no Kurto!
Tikur (Kurtis): Yeee is fun 🤙🤙
Nokri (Marisa): try not to think about carrots!!
next time maybe accidentally spill some broken glass in front of the doorway so he can't get in
Bill: Good plan.
Tikur (Kurtis): Oooh solid plan
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Why do I have a headache— _oh I haven’t eaten_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hey guys I’m a cool MM boy reminding you to eat today
