Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Noah’s roommate is killing my neat freak tendencies
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Bill: <:5142_then_perish:554720548274569246>
Bill: Belated rip me, Doctor says there’s nothing else I could possibly do to solve this plateauing issue I’m having where I maintain the same weight for half a week with no change. Lit can’t come up with anything, so much so she even mentioned weight loss medication which she is EXTREMELY against.
Bill: So you know. Fuck me right. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Especially since the stretches of no change getting *longer*.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): gym? water? sleep?
Bill: Not a thing.
Bill: Let no one say I don’t *choose* to be the big man in the room.
Bill: Anyway. Is. What it is. Tomorrow’s problem, I have to manage to not oversleep going to NYC for a change.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Half a week isn’t a very long time though right?
Bill: Getting closer to a full week a pop. I’m worried it’s going to continue to extend.
Glonk: A little late to this, but you HAVE to go to the gym, you HAVE to choose a better diet, and you HAVE to show dedication, otherwise you plateau. This involves drinking only water (no soda of any kind, no juice, no milk), no cheat snacks, and add vegetables to you dinner.
Glonk: And lunch
Aldus Larian (Jess): How exactly could working out *not* help?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I would suggest start tracking your meals and snacks, you may think you arent eating as much as you truly are. 

Drink more water, alot of water. Baseline is half your weight in OZ of water. 

Exercise. Not necessarily the gym but even a brisk walk, or at home work out is better than nothing. Take stairs when you can, walk distances and distance that is fesiable instead of driving.
Bill: I mean I’ve started doing that is what I mean. 

I’ve been tracking food and weight for the last month...
Bill: That’s what that graph I shared awhile back was.
Glonk: You have that pinned anywhere or can you repost it
Bill: Not right now no. Getting on ferry.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'mma be straight up with you right now. I would suggest you stop drinking diet soda. It contains chemicals that are proven to cause false hunger, it doesn't contain carbs, sure but it isn't conduicive of the weight loss process in the slightest. It's sabbotoged many a diet
Glonk: Yes, no diet soda, no tic taks
Bill: I’ll take the advice. Though tic tacs haven’t been a thing since February really, and I was more successful then.
Bill: ~~and for the sake of my pride, I’m not fucking around here it’s been 4 and 1/2 months with days off and multiple cons on, with 25 pounds loss~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I would also recommend going for walks. You have all those hills that are calorie burning potential.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do you have any hiking trails nearby?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've honestly been in a mood to go hiking now that the weather is getting warmer and if you'd ever want to go on a day hike sometime, I'm totally down
Aldus Larian (Jess): I also enjoy the hikings
Bill: I’d have to hit up Jen and Jeremy as well, they’re big hikers.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ive never really hiked but _ill do anything for cute photos of trees_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I honestly don't think I've been on a hike since I went to Philmont with my Scout troop back in... 2010...? Oof
Bill: I’d go, but it’s not something imma setup. I don’t know trails, etc
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I am not big on hikes but if yall ever want to walk around cute little towns for the whole day then sign me up (same amount of walking... but more to look at lmao)
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://www.state.nj.us/dep/parksandforests/parks/allamuch.html
Bill: Mood Leanna.
Bill: If I can’t spend money on a trip, did I even do anything? <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): any state park is best to start i think. trails are marked, no worry about trespassing, trails are maintained
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *but nature!*
*not buying things!*
*no food places for tempting snacks!*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😃
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): although I say "nature" as a benefit but catch me complaining about bugs immediately after starting to hike
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): tom and i used to geocache that was fun
Aldus Larian (Jess): made it into more of a game then just walking in the woods
Bill: *Im not tempted by anything...I
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _photos_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): then it becomes backpacking too!
Bill: A given, I’m not hiking without a camera.
Bill: But I meant by food.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *nature!*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *nature!*
Aldus Larian (Jess): I grew up in a town with not much else to do but walk in the woods so i like it
Aldus Larian (Jess): stairway to heaven in vernon is good if you want a challenge
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I want to hike that just because of the name lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Blast Zeppelin the entire hike
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA its sarts off really mellow just all boardwalks and then you climb a mountain
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Group trip to the stairway to heaven woooo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It is dope
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It has several cool spots
Aldus Larian (Jess): this is really close to my house and p. small for easier after work hiking
https://www.nynjtc.org/park/sparta-glen-park#park-exp-detail
Aldus Larian (Jess): well i actually have no clue on difficulty but *shorter* than other trails ive done
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh ok its rated super easy, maybe too easy
Bill: I mean, I'm not really able to hike after work. Particularly after commuting.
Aldus Larian (Jess): why not?
Aldus Larian (Jess): hiking doesnt have to take hours
Bill: I get home at 7, finish up with dinner by 8:30 9, go to bed at 10?
Bill: I like having a single hour to do something at home.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea when u commute but on a work from home day
Aldus Larian (Jess): youre still home at least 2 days of the week
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@!351785752197201920>  can we check out sparta glenn park tonight if the weather is decent enough?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanna see hoe easy they mean by easy
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Where is thay
Bill: she just linked it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): its on the road i take home from work
Bill: Since Dave was curious.
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH Childs Park in PA is really pretty
Aldus Larian (Jess): waterfalls
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~i wanna go hiking now~~
Glonk: You have to chart your calorie and carb intake along with the weight loss
Bill: I don't *have* carb intake.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the ides of march was wild
Aldus Larian (Jess): you do, its just very small
Bill: not enough to take me out of Ketosis (I've had blood work to check) so not enough to matter.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you could still track it though
Aldus Larian (Jess): plus unless you are checking like twice a week its hard to know if you are staying in ketosis
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Yo, sunrise mountain is right by my house. It has beautiful views
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA we been there
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Going to be taking the puppy on lots of hikes this Summer so count me and Monty in
N🆗ri (Marisa): Also consider wotagei the Otaku dance
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): High point state park is nice too
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA I did high point alot in HS
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Jess you gotta meet Monty 🐶
Aldus Larian (Jess): doogoo
Bill: and for the calories...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i wonder which weekend was con
Bill: Mm, Zenkai I didn't backfill. I could have, I ate almost nothing.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We ate mostly McDonalds lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): i only eat like 1000 calories a day but im prob not a good example whoops
Elfriede Faun (Tom): On a bad day I'm at 1820
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Most of the time I'm at 1400
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yesterday i ate exclusively carbs <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: Different metabolisms.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i guess
Bill: Not... I guess. Every body is different, some can blow throw carbs and others pack it on.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no breakfast, two pastas for lunch, and pizza and garlic bread for dinner
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no sugary drinks, just water and coconut water
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo you were responding to georiga
Glonk: Yes everyone is different, but portion control and eating correctly is a must
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wow that was a little over 1k calories i have so much potential for more
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _more bread_
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmao carbs are def skewed
Bill: A given, hence talking to my doctor. And also we should drop this cause while I'm sure it's not the intention on anyone's part, the fastest way to annoy me is imply I cannot 'help myself' or overeat compulsively and that's what I'mma feeling.
Bill: Not driving around eating a box of donuts on the way to work, that's a whole different level.
Bill: So before I, again, inappropriately, snap at anyone for trying to be helpful, let's let it pass.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ah sorry
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the point was more that bodies are wired differently
Bill: It a good point.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theoretically 5 people could eat cake for a month and everyone would show differently
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so the point was more that some things are beyond your control
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like i cant get fat to stay on my bum for the life of me
Aldus Larian (Jess): you seemed pretty ready to give up last night so I was just trying to give you more ideas on how you could beat that.
Bill: Mine is wired like shit. I can accept that, but I don't want to be treated like someone who *abuses* theirs. Which again, I don't think anyone is saying at all but I'm an insufferably prideful motherfucker and don't want to hurt anyone for being helpful.
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz depite what your doctor says there can't be *nothing* you can do
Aldus Larian (Jess): and even of you go on the diet pill theres noo shame in that imo
Bill: Well, there's the fortmitz or whatever. Kicks the metabolism into gear. But can cause heart value shredding and weight lost that way can come back easier.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i did it and you know what? i was finally able to love my body for the first time in my entire life
Aldus Larian (Jess): but yea there is risk
Bill: I'm not jumping on that path yet, but the new year's resolution wasn't be healthy it was drastic measures.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i took phentermine? i think?
Bill: We'll see where we get. Trader would not have considered it if she didn't think it may be a need at this point, seeing the information I've been compiling.
Bill: That sounds like what she said yeah.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i watched a video on cool sculpting the other day, that was fascinating
Aldus Larian (Jess): if you dont have a healthy heart its not good and you shouldnt take it for more than a year i think? i only used it for a few months
Bill: and before it scrolls back, I know you were being supportive, that's why I'm saying I don't want to hurt you for it. ❤
Aldus Larian (Jess): the hard part is going off of it and not gaining it back, but ive managed
Bill: *I just. can only control my pride so much*
Aldus Larian (Jess): trust me i get it i get offended easily with this stuff too
Aldus Larian (Jess): diet pill also made me so wired i was like an energy machine
Bill: I'm not worried about giving up though, I can say that. The magic here is I'm using my picky eater habits to eat the same shit day in and day out. It's not hard for me to manage what I'm at, I just need what I'm at to work.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~it was pretty sweet~~
Bill: Trader mentioned it'll give me AnXiEtY.
Bill: Cause I need *that* in my life.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WOO ANXIETY
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmmm yea i guess i could see that? its not like the worrying anxiety more like "gotta do something" anxiety
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *gotta go fast*
Bill: Is that anxiety? I call that a weekend.
Bill: wait don't answer that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): no i mean like anything anything
Bill: If I have anxiety and never realized, I'm better off thinking I don't. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): impulsivity?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hyperactivity?
Bill: Ignorance is bliss.
Aldus Larian (Jess): like cleaning or organizing or running up the stairs 10 times
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mood
Bill: ~~that last one just sounds like Tom~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): just so much energy
Aldus Larian (Jess): also made me not able to east a large potion at all
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if it prevents me from eating the whole chilis menu can it really be good for me
Aldus Larian (Jess): you only eat 1 thing on it tho
Bill: ~~you only eat one thing~~
Bill: But also you are *correct* Chili's is good for you.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): why try something new when i could be disappoint ya know
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and wait what
Bill: Chilis is good girl.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): nutritionally or spiritually
Bill: Spiritually.
Bill: Nutritionally if you believe hard enough.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my suggested calorie intake is 1190 whoo
Bill: from where?
Bill: ~~I assume mine is still something ridiculous under the excuse that I am a male~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wut
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i just read back some and that pill sounds like if just turns you into me LMAO, gotta do something constantly or i go insane and get like....agitated
Aldus Larian (Jess): an app i dowloaded but its always around there everytime i look it up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): looking at nutrition info for Chili's... the Crispy Honey Chipotle & Waffles is 2510 calories holy shit
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~then again i only look it up when i have weight to lose~~
Bill: YUP
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 283g of carbs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yikes
Bill: almost every resturant meal is over 1000.
Bill: But side dishes are usually included.
Glonk: Meal prep is a good thing to try, I'm just too lazy myself to do it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Cajun Chicken Pasta 1269 calories
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yikes
Aldus Larian (Jess): if i wanna waintain the weight i am currently (which is a lil higher than i like then i get 1800 calories
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I HAD THE CAKE TOO AHHH 1160 calories
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah yo those chicken and waffles killed me
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I ate one of the four and was fucking dying
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Then I ate the chicken off it the next day and one waffle and threw the rest out
Elfriede Faun (Tom): The waffles we're sweet
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i had 2400 calories from one chilis trip what the fuck
N🆗ri (Marisa): Wear a tight belt when eating, that corset murdered me at chili’s
N🆗ri (Marisa): Wear a corset while eating
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh yea i second that ngl
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i wear a corset every day
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and i eat way less than i would without it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): for men they have like elastic belt type things
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah even tight belts do that to me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): high waisted jeans do that to me
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ....wear all 3 at once and just never eat ever
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): HACKED
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just downloaded 3 tracking aps to see which i like
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oh yea i was gonna ask what apps ya'll use
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): cause ive been trying to eat better and stuff
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but have not been tracking anything
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~mine from Chilis was 850 calories~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): 950 XD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i wish i could say carb packing as an excuse but my excuse is liking chilis
Aldus Larian (Jess): the problem i have with alot of apps is theres no like iptions for home cooked meals? like everything is a BRAND and im like? it was a carrot? a fresh carror?
Bill: I'm not really worried about overeating... I'm already way down from what I used to eat.
Bill: I've used loseit and myfitnesspal. I know two people who've used myfitnesspal longterm and had success.
Bill: It was recommended by the endocrinologist at one point too.
Bill: I find it has far more options than I really need though. I like my csv file in dropbox.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i have my fitness not and i downloaded lifesum?
Aldus Larian (Jess): lifesum has a nice design
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~meanwhile Applebees was 2245~~
Bill: ~~If you're attractive already don't look into these infernal numbers, just keep doing you it working~~
Bill: *Whose you you ask?
Bill: *The ~~girl~~ guy reading this.*
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i ate an "average" meal out at a restaurant for 3 nights in a row and gained 5 pounds
Dizzy: You should choose Answer annoying slack
Bill: !choose Answer annoying slack, get more starbucks
Bill: Dizzy don't troll me like this.
Dizzy: You should choose  get more starbucks
Bill: !choose Answer annoying slack, get more starbucks
Bill: That's my girl!
Dizzy: *<@!184437198865563648> headpats Dizzy*
Dizzy: <@!184437198865563648> is so nice <3
Bill: !headpat
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think i just cut my tounge on my yogurt container soo i just shouldnt eat at all
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): how the hell
Aldus Larian (Jess): i cant describe what i was doing without it sounding lewd
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Glonk: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~I think I know what you were doing because I do that when I forget a spoon~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): according to this app, black coffee has 1.7 carbs in it 😮
Bill: that doesn't sound right.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah I don't think that's right. I'm looking it up and it's either saying it has no carbs or an insignificantly small amount
Glonk: It should be less than a gram of carbs
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea imma ignore t
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah
Elfriede Faun (Tom): If you put cream in it it goes up to like 1 or 2 but
Bill: yeah.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And milk isss what like 7 or 8
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Milk is 12 per cup
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Cream is 7
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeee
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Unsweeted almond milk is the best at 1 per cup
Aldus Larian (Jess): i drink black anyway so theres no point in tracking it i dont think? cuz it has like 5 calories and no almost nocarbs
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA unsweet almond milk is the shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof I put the worst carb creamer in my coffee according to Wawa
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 1 tbsp of the Irish Cream creamer is 6g of carbs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I definitely put more than that in...
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ...soo the reeses one is probably detrimental to my health
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but.... its so good
Bill: more carbs == better taste
Aldus Larian (Jess): it sounds good tho
Bill: prove me wrong.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): TRUE
Aldus Larian (Jess): the reeses one i dont like tho
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my cereal is fairly carbalicious too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i put it in cinnamon coffee
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and like the flavors mix well
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but im SURE it's going to kill me
Aldus Larian (Jess): tom puts cinnamon in the coffee grinds at home and is tasty
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _reeses puff reeses puff, peanut butter chocolate flavaaaa~-
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that was my shit in college
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): college was "I can finally eat the bad cereals!"
Aldus Larian (Jess): my parents let me eat the bad cereals XD thats prob why i was 150lb second grader
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Rutgers has a wall of cereal
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Blew my mind
Bill: So did Rowan.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we got bad cereals as Christmas presents and we weren't allowed to eat them plain. We could *sprinkle* them on top of our Cheerios
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Rise krispies are my shit tho
Bill: *I wonder why&
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL
Bill: What kind of demonic rule was that?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I didn’t get sugary cereals period
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~the kind that prevents 150lb second graders~~
Bill: me either.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Only Cheerios and krispies and special k
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): SPECIAL K IS MY SHIT RIGHT NOW
Aldus Larian (Jess): special k is good
Aldus Larian (Jess): i like honey bunches of oats
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I know it's honestly not as healthy as they make it out to be, but the red berries one is my shit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I like Raisin Bran tbh 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Strawberries are so good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Honey Bunches is good too
Bill: MMMmmmmm Raisins.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I liked Bran Flakes as a kid
Bill: Why are raisins not healthy.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They’re not?
Aldus Larian (Jess): raisins aren't not healthy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But they’re just old people grapes
Bill: They're carbs. Like, all sugar.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but having carbs doesnt automatically mean bad for you
Aldus Larian (Jess): its natural sugar
Bill: well, bad for *me*.
Bill: true.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): raisins are apparently 79% carb
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye.
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz natural sugar
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 43g of raisins = 34g of carbs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *nature!*
Aldus Larian (Jess): almost all fruits have carbs
Bill: yup. from the sugars.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but they arnt *bad* for you
Aldus Larian (Jess): basically if the earth makes it iself its prob not bad for you
Bill: bad for *me*. Cause I do not process carbs well.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean the general "you"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.dietdoctor.com/low-carb/fruits
Bill: Rebecca V me sniping over her shoulder.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Such difference
Bill: 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): that one cracks me up
Elfriede Faun (Tom): CEPT BERRIES
Bill: But that's without touch up. She's returning pretty close to raw shots, and that was some bright light on the stairs.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Straw berries and blue Berries and black berries are almost none
Bill: I was looking over the set to find anything I might want to give her advice on... tbh with the half sun/half shade background, brick (yuck) throwing the white balance... She did a bang up job.
Bill: Yeah like.
Bill: ~~I just had the literally thought "It's nice praising people" what the fuck am I, Jumin?~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): My niece is out of her incubator! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: WOO
Bill: Weeeeee ended up talking about my diet at lunch 😅
Bill: At the very least they were surprised with the 25 pounds.
Bill: Hopefully cause it’s more than they though, not less.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Someone in my family today said I have a really unapproachable vibe about me and I’m slightly honored but also confused because they wouldn’t elaborate
Bill: push up you glasses and cackle
N🆗ri (Marisa): I think they meant in a “talk to me and I will murder you” way which is Cool but 🤷
N🆗ri (Marisa): *i need to know more what if it’s a really bad way*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Chocowaffos story really rubbed me weird
Bill: sounds like harasssment.
Bill: Also what's it about?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ehhhhh yeaaa..... most things she does rub me weird
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its about an active shooter
Bill: oh she just a drama whore got it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): did you see it?
N🆗ri (Marisa): WHAT
Bill: Just looked.
Bill: She's trying to make a serious situation about her.
Bill: Because she's so *emotional* and *empathetic*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yep
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "oh IM safe"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): "just in case i die, i just wanna say i love you all so much even if you hate me ;3c. anyway i love you all and im sorry for being so annoying"

"update they arrested her so IM safe :D"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): not sure if it's a different woman in colorado but news said she shot and killed herself
Aldus Larian (Jess): wait what? i didnt see but was she like at some place that a shooting took place?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): shes in the same general area
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there was a Florida woman (of course fucking Florida) who was obsessed with the Columbine shooting and made a "pilgrimage" to Colorado and had a gun and was threatening to do something. Not sure where
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but high schools closed because of it and colleges didn't and she works on a college campus
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I remember my senior year there was someone threatening to shoot up a college in Philly. They didn't specify which but we had cops patrolling our campus all day
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its a really scary and very real event that was happening
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but it really is kind of offputting to see her make that post in the middle .....just making it ...about herself
Bill: Oh YEAH I remember that, even Rowan was on a warning.
Bill: None of my classes were cancelled and I think I skipped one cause everyone was skipping with it as an excuse.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah they posted a specific time they were gonna do it and I had class
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): still went
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): nothing happened
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we also had someone post to Yik Yak they were gonna shoot up our college
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): dumbass freshman
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they *easily* traced it back to him
Bill: OOOOH YEAHHHH Yik Yak.
Bill: I lowkey miss yik yak.
Bill: Not that I'm on campus anymore where there'd be a lot of people using it.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it was highly amusing
Bill: Truly was.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): anyone know what Jamie was doing placement testing for?
Bill: college I thought.
Bill: Bucks county college?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): gotcha
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It may just be because I took more advanced math classes, but I feel like placing in basic algebra at college isn't that great?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I took algebra in 8th grade...
Bill: I believe college expects you to place in Calculus 1 yeah.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea but it's been awhile since she's taken any math I'm sure
Aldus Larian (Jess): Depends on your major
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh definitely
Bill: But I did algebra again when I started so.
Bill: Tech's math department was shit.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): sure was
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but vernon wasnt any better
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i had the worst of both worlds
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): id probably place about the same as jamie if i were to take placement testing now
Aldus Larian (Jess): Me too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and im not even bad at math
Bill: Holy shit. I can still get into my portal at rowan.
Bill: Nice.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): honestly probably same. I don't fucking remember calc
Bill: Oh yeah. I don't know any math.
Bill: OOOOKay read for this?
Bill: I dropped precalc in freshman fall semester, and took it again in spring.
Bill: So yeah, I was *terrible* at math.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): all that time and money spent on engineering school and I have yet to use any of it in my job 3 years later 🙃
Bill: I REMEMBER THE TEACHER fuck that guy. He was like "Math is simple. Dog plus Cat equal Cat. You no understand?"
Bill: He just repeated that for an hour.
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> next time you feel down about your classes, just remember that I dropped precalc and I'm a success.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YOU DROPPED PRECALC?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but _STEM_
Bill: Mmmmhm.
Bill: I don't say I'm good at math.
Bill: Cause I'm really, really, not.
Bill: The teacher was a dick, which played a part in my not understanding but.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think I could learn math easier now. I think my problem in high school was I wasnt ready for it
Bill: I'm not good at "problem sets". I need to understand the context and scope of a problem to solve it, cause I use logic and context extensively.
Bill: Which is great for program architecture and such, but not 'train A is going to hit train B'.
Aldus Larian (Jess): It was never taught to me in a way I could understand. But I think I'd be able to grasp it easier now
Bill: I believe in you!
Bill: More than I believe in myself cause I still don't get statistics.
Aldus Larian (Jess): But yea I haven't taken a math class since 2012  and that class was so basic even I got an A
Aldus Larian (Jess): I only went as high as algebra 2 though so I don't even know what calc and statistics are
Bill: Yeah I. really only started getting As in my 300 and 400 level CS courses. and Japanese.
Bill: Entry level stuff bored me.
Bill: Or was a gen ed.
Bill: God I was not a good student looking at my transcript.
Aldus Larian (Jess): basically i tried so hard to pass math my teacher passed for effort
Bill: *that's how I got through statistics...!*
Aldus Larian (Jess): i would go for tutoring twice a week and never missed an assignment i just did not get that shit
Bill: yup.
Bill: That was me in statistics.
Bill: He stopped trying in office hours.
Bill: He just told me "I believe in you" and I was like "shut the fuck up and explain the problem jackass".
Aldus Larian (Jess): in college i only had to take really basic arithmetic cuz of my makor
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~and ya know, not actual college~~
Bill: It's actual college hush.
Bill: Anyway. I was not stellar student. Test scores do not mean everything.
Bill: That's the lesson to take from it.
Bill: ~~I realize I got really annoyed getting advice this morning and I spew it like candy from a Pez dispenser god I hope I'm not annoying~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): this is advice?
Bill: For Georgia whose still a student.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh
Bill: you too though. SCCC or Rowan, CompSci or Graphic Design, the piece of paper doesn't determine your talent.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye but people still look down on the arts
Aldus Larian (Jess): and i literally dont qualify for 90% of jobs in my field cuz i dont have an associates.
Bill: -_- That's so stupid. Shouldn't a portfolio be the primary thing in an art job?
Aldus Larian (Jess): theoretically? yea
Aldus Larian (Jess): in practice? no
Aldus Larian (Jess): cuz you can have a masters in this shit and still not produce good work
Bill: i don't think you can teach art tho?
Bill: You have to have a talent for it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): graphic design is more than just talent though
Aldus Larian (Jess): its phycology and problem solving as well. you need to know the principles behind the practice, "this looks nice" isnt all there is
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): art still requires education. like you can be naturally talented at stuff but there are still a lot of technical concepts in art that you need to learn
N🆗ri (Marisa): It’s a passion
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): case in point, Sakimi is really good, but needs to learn about proper body proportions
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea there is alot of learning involved
Bill: The education is important, but I dunno I rate the talent more so. Maybe cause I don't have it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): saying its all talent just kind of discredits even going to school for it at all
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): just having talent doesnt get you a job, you need to be able to use your talent in a way that makes sense for the job at hand
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and thats why education is important
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): however
Bill: Not saying it's ALL talent, just that a portfolio should speak to your skills more than a paper that says you took classes.
N🆗ri (Marisa): That’s true for every field then
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i dont think having a bachelors or a masters in art should be a requirement if you have a portfolio and hands on experience
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ^
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye me neither, but it dooooo
Bill: ^
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): but it's unfortunate that it is
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and it just is like that for a lot of things now
Bill: You can be a code monkey by taking enough courses, no matter how dumb you are. I know, I've worked with some real idiots.
Bill: I could draw 1000 images and still not have the flair for it.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): i cant get a job doing the same thing ive been doing here for over 2 years... even with hands on experience. simply because they was a degree
Aldus Larian (Jess): yup
Aldus Larian (Jess): me too
Bill: You need talent to be successful no matter what, but for Art you've got to have that spark to start with.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): its incredibly agravating
Bill: Needing a degree for a lot of jobs is bullshit.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): it sure is
Aldus Larian (Jess): see but graphic design isnt purely an art form there is a science to it
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~hence me degree being as AAS and a AFA~~
Bill: It's a mix Jess, I understand. Every field is. I simple feel art is a field where talent is more prominent than the book learning.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you need talent, but you need the education for the talent to be effective
Aldus Larian (Jess): most people gravitate toward a feild becuase of a "knack" for it, or talent though
Bill: And my basis for that is even if I took classes, I couldn't make a good graphic.
Bill: It's not a skill I feel I could learn.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you might
Aldus Larian (Jess): its not anything like drawing
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): yea its way more technical than other art
Bill: Maybe.
Bill: But that's why I would value what someone can produce more than a degree in art.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Whoozica’s business cards are so pro and cool
Bill: ^
N🆗ri (Marisa): Collect em all
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye unfortunately even when i do find in this area, they wont even look at my portfolio cuz i dont have the fancy paper. and i dont have the money or time to obtain the fancy paper, nor do i think it would actually tech me anything whoo
Bill: And that's completely bullshit.
Bill: <:hmmph:543192410402848769>
Aldus Larian (Jess): eyyy! you damn right
Bill: I considered photography courses last year, maybe at SCCC... But I know way too much already so all the 100 level courses would be a waste of a lot of money. ~~I wanted to make photographer friends but that ain't going to be how~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats a mood
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanna take so many classes just for general learning
Aldus Larian (Jess): but money
Bill: yeaaaaah
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wanna take anatomy classes, more fine art classes, psychology classes
Aldus Larian (Jess): im also terrible at self teaching XD
Bill: Now THATS the mood.
Bill: I have so little motivation to self study.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i get like frustrated and tend to give up easily so i need that structure of "bitch you signed up for this class u gotta finish it"
Aldus Larian (Jess): anyway didnt mean to turn that into a pity party! sorry my dudes
Bill: what?
Bill: This wasn't a pity party.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~are u sure~~
Bill: Pity party would be like 'boohoo I can't get jobsssss' this is calling out the modern hiring structure as fucking flawed.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yay america!
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i could bitch about that shit all day <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): same
Aldus Larian (Jess): Me: "Im not gonna get all political" 
One drink in: "the american education system is designed to keep the poor poor"
Bill: lol
Bill: This group is more likely to get drunk and argue...
Bill: Um.
Bill: Actually when we drink we never really get heated on stuff?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): we're all pretty happy drunks
Bill: What the hell do we talk about when we get drunk.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~same things i talk about when im sober, Tom and mystic messenger~~
Bill: Like I'm trying to remember Zenkai post boudoir.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): you talk about how much you love your friends
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): and thats wholesome
Dizzy: https://i.imgur.com/55sx3FG.png
Bill: !tsun
Aldus Larian (Jess): I can get pretty deep when i drink i just dont bring the conversation there myself
Bill: ~~I get less deep when I drink?~~
Bill: err.
Bill: Maybe.
Bill: I'm remembering a chat in sussex chibi when I was drunk in chilis so...
Bill: Maybe not.
Bill: OH right I was on that kick awhile back I'm just a better person when I'm drunk I remember that.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no
Bill: Right around when Leanna and Erik joined cause there was the teh awkward and then I got drunk at chilis and blew through all the awkward.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I get happy and giddy and then I crash and get quiet
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): same
Bill: Same really. The trick is keeping enough booze in you to stay happy without ending up over the line.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I don't think I've gotten that drunk around you guys yet. Worst was probably the first NYE party tbh
Aldus Larian (Jess): i never shut up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I always get full like 3 drinks in which isn't enough to get me that drunk
Bill: Not at gingerbread? *Everyone* was pretty fucked up.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and then I'm like *I should stop consuming*
Aldus Larian (Jess): you were pretty drunk as gingerbread erik
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and then I start munching pretzels
Aldus Larian (Jess): ah yes
Bill: ~~which I will get bitched at for this year I'm sure~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oooh yeah you right
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): probably from drinking straight ~~vanilla~~ bourbon
Bill: And it's Mom's fucking fault for telling everyone to do double chocolate martinis.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok, but did you die?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I don't think I had one of those but they looked hella good
Aldus Larian (Jess): they were
Bill: I've been to house parties of Jeremy's where was less drunk like.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea that shit was crayu
Bill: Gotta keep the buzz going, not get hammered.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): OH YEAH I FORGOT JEREMY FUCKING DIED
Bill: YeAAAAAaaaaaaahhhhh they felt super awkward about it toooo....
Elfriede Faun (Tom): He had to try so hard to walk across the room
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): drunkest I ever got was in Atlantic City with my sister after 5 Captain and Cokes (plus whatever we had to pregame). Only time my vision was *actually* blurry
Bill: yeah that was overkill... Especially at my parents house. It does need to be tamer this year.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~until they go on vacation~~
Bill: Nah I mean that wasn't enjoyable from my standpoint either.
Bill: Like I said, buzz, not blasted.
Bill: I was more concerned with people's tolerances than I was my own so I stopped drinking and that's no fun.
Bill: I like to drink with people who know their limits so I don't have to concern myself with it.
Bill: Usually everyone here does though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i was kidding anyway
Bill: Can't wait for fires though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): drinking around peoples parents is awkward tho
Bill: I wanna do SO MANY friday night fires.
Aldus Larian (Jess): especially cuz i have my own place so im like "oh yea this is a thing" and then im like "fuck there gonna think imma drunk"
Bill: I miiiiight miss my train I’m leaving so late.
Bill: Made it!
Bill: I think!
Bill: Should be good!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): People were too drunk at gingerbread?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wut?
Bill: *Please tell me that's sarcasm*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I didn’t notice lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Maybe Erik cause he just laid down
Bill: You are going to worry so much when you're legal.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Guuuurl
Bill: You. Just can't drinking when we're not arround.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean I didn’t think anyone was sloppy
Bill: Jeremy was extremely gone.
Bill: But usually at anything I host no one over does it.
Bill: Mostly cause I won't let you drink if you're sloppy.
Bill: ~~and all my friends are generally responsible and intelligent~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Jeremy like three up a bunch and was in outer space yo
