Nokri (Marisa): i'm so out of it bluhhhhhhhhh
i have so many envelopes to stufffffffffffffff
Aldus Larian (Jess): For work?
Nokri (Marisa): yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Nokri (Marisa): they dropped off several hundred letters that needed to be put together and mailed out tomorrowwwwwww
Bill: I did like four or five boxes.
Bill: Closets are set up, most of the stuff in the linen closet is unpacked.
Bill: Got a handful of anime figurines to either put somewhere, store ~~or toss~~.
Bill: I have four boxes left. Five if you count the one that’s just waiting for a shelf in the storage closet to put it on.
Bill: They’re large content boxes tho. Lots of stuff, like my entire desk drawers from home.
Bill: Aaaah I’d keep going but work.
Bill: K so camera stuff, desk drawers, posters, and assorted leftovers from packing my room.
Bill: Then I need to start on the list of todos. Like the kitchen table for one.
Bill: It’s like. The sims VR.
Bill: Mom found a nice table 👀
Bill: On Facebook marketplace.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): V nice
Bill: If only the lady would answer back.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): When did you message her?
Bill: 10 minutes ago. She said yes it’s available but then I asked who makes it and if Wednesday would be okay to see it and she’s gone ghost
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I mean, it's kind of late... but then again she answered not too long ago
Bill: She only put it up at 9:30.
Bill: Ugh, it is late and I need to be in bed.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Could be anything especially if she's a mom
Bill: Tru tru.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Imm be having full convos with Jenn and she dissapears until morning like "sky shit all over and then I passed out right after I cleaned it sorry"
Bill: Oof
Bill: Not getting my hair cut, but they’re holding the table and chairs tomorrow woo
Nokri (Marisa): Aww man. One of the few subreddits I check frequently is being shut down. It was mean most of the time but sometimes there were some real gems.
Nokri (Marisa): Wow it gets closed in an hour rip
Nokri (Marisa): Oh. It might be a joke. That’s mean. Just like the spirit of the sub.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Nokri (Marisa): I’m gonna.......... finish these letters....... llllaterrrrr........
Nokri (Marisa): Theres only like 250 left or so I think
Aldus Larian (Jess): How many did you have total?
Nokri (Marisa): i dunno the exact number, it's the number of houses in the complex here and any landlords that own them (we own our house but the ones on either side of us are rented) so i think like ~800? enough supplies to fill 3 WB Mason boxes
Nokri (Marisa): wait yeah it's like 800 because that's how many stamps we had to get from the post office
Aldus Larian (Jess): Aw ye you can crank that out. I have to do mailings at work alot I think the most I did was 1200 in a day?
Nokri (Marisa): oof yeah, i do it every month but this time they have new envelopes with a lot of weird plastic to peel off and fold so it takes a few seconds longer
Nokri (Marisa): why don't they have machines for this
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think they do but they Spence
Nokri (Marisa): no one's gonna read these letters anywayyyyyyyyy
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:mood:543191222127296522>
Nokri (Marisa): they are juicy though
on the first page there's a little passive aggressive thing about the community pool, and how it's closed  for the summer because the one life guard we didn't fire for illegal reasons quit after a girl threatened to light her on fire
Nokri (Marisa): and now we have no licensed lifeguards eyyy
Nokri (Marisa): it's like "qualified lifeguards wanted! the pool is closed until we can find a lifeguard because the last one quit after threats"
Nokri (Marisa): gpoy
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh man it’s relief not to be driving
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But my grandpas house is just like he left it and it’s giving some prime sad boi hours now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Though I also kinda had to laugh
Bill: It’s bring your child to work day at Ibm apparently.
Bill: This could suck.
Bill: Lost my desk at armonk again woo
Aldus Larian (Jess): is your stuff in/on it?
Bill: Nah, I don't keep anything here. They give away my desk basically monthly.
Bill: Have since I started, I'm used to it.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): where did you last see it?
Bill: (I'm only here once a week so it makes sense, but it's an annoyance)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh, lost as in "someone else is using it"
Bill: yeee
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was like "how do you misplace a *desk*?"
Bill: So now I'll spend today in this little side corrider with some desks, completely away from my team. ~~who are the only reason I come here~~
Bill: I drive up here for to attend an hour long meeting every afternoon, basically. 😅
Aldus Larian (Jess): but you just said it was once a week 😮
Bill: oh yeah, sorry, the meeting is only tuesdays.
Bill: every afternoon up here, is I guess? what I meant.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo ok
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you mean you drive up to attend an hour long meeting every...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xvb9Udzc6M
Bill: if 11am counts as afternoon XD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): somewhere on the Atlantic it is <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: ,...
Bill: There's someone... giving a tour... of IBM to the kids...
Bill: They're showing this little side area where I'm working.
Bill: It's literally four desks in a hallway for working away from your desk.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yall got desks for not working at your desk?
Aldus Larian (Jess): wild
Bill: Yeah it's... something.
Bill: There's beanbags too, for when you're in the mood to. work outta a bean bag chair.
Aldus Larian (Jess): wowie
Aldus Larian (Jess): all i get is this old ass chair and a desk thats too high cuz it was made before keyboard existed
Bill: *Why did you bother responding it was almost a week ago*
Bill: IBM has the tech company trend 'open office' floor plan where all the desks are movable and not permanent, and there's plenty of spaces for you to work that aren't your desk so you can keep your creative juices flowin' and collaborate with your team anywhere.

Exxxxcept everyone uses a pair of headphones and tunes out the others. I'm not a fan of this kinda layout. It's not like I want a cubicle, but I'll take a permanent desk.
Bill: https://cultureiq.com/blog/quick-guide-to-pros-cons-open-office-floor-plan/
Bill: (I find the trend interesting, not trying to bitch about I wanna know what other people think)
Bill: https://www.fastcompany.com/90285582/everyone-hates-open-plan-offices-heres-why-they-still-exist
Bill: `An open office might be suitable for a company coming up with new ideas, but when someone has to implement them, it becomes distracting.`
Bill: wow the second article mentions wework. That's who we rent the indellient offices from.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'd probably hate it. I like my privacy. However, it would probably be beneficial for me so I can't slack off as much
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have too much freedom in my office
Bill: Mm, I don't like having people behind me. Which is a good thing about being banished to 'whatever corner you can find' while I'm here. 👍
Bill: I still slack off tho.
Bill: Dunno how I'd get anything done without my noise cancelling headphones.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i really wouldnt like it i have on co worker who is caddy corner to me and even that makes me on edge
Aldus Larian (Jess): the open spece looks nice but id end up super self concious of everything on my screen
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yrr
Bill: mhmm.
Bill: I'll snipe a picture next time I'm over there.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): dis my office
Aldus Larian (Jess): so much room for activities!
Bill: private office, damn son
Aldus Larian (Jess): Dis my half of the office
Bill: Ya'll have mad boxes in your offices.
Aldus Larian (Jess): envelopes, tubes, ink, paper, cardstock, promotional items
Aldus Larian (Jess): Dis the other half
Aldus Larian (Jess): and view from my desk
Aldus Larian (Jess): at least i get the window
Aldus Larian (Jess): i had aot more boxes plus a plant until last week when i made them move it
Bill: 
Bill: The movable whiteboard carts kinda take away from the look.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh man id be on edge all the time
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh yikes big same
Bill: There's rows like that all the way down the hall.
Bill: I used to be where the pink shirted guy is.
Aldus Larian (Jess): the option for sit stand is nice but thats about it
Bill: Not all the desks have that lol
Bill: I've never used it but it's neat.
Bill: I need to ask Sheema a question to figure out what to do about an issue in the code I'm writing but she's leading the meeting so I can't ask her and I'm like grrrrr
Bill: Let me work, Idc about this meeting.
Nokri (Marisa): I just woke up after blacking out on the stairs earlier. I’m so mad at myself. So much had to get done.
Nokri (Marisa): I woke up at like. 5 or 6? Something like that? And was utterly exhausted and followed Sylvia downstairs to get her some food when I tripped midway and slid down the stairs. BoJo said I laid down on the floor and threw up and she coaxed me onto the couch, then after like an hour I made my way upstairs and I woke up on the bathroom floor. The letters aren’t finished and I’m supposed to be out right now and I can’t do anything I hate myself
El🆓de Faun (Tom): :(( Noo that's awful! I'm sorry 😔
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh my gosh! 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats terrible!
Nokri (Marisa): I’m sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): NUUU das not what I mean!
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean i feel bad and im really sorry that happened to you!
Aldus Larian (Jess): are your black outs related to your period i remember you mentioning something like that before
El🆓de Faun (Tom): yeah i think i remember that as well
El🆓de Faun (Tom): that super sucks :/
Bill: 😭
Nokri (Marisa): probably wouldn't have happened if i wasn't a dumb idiot
yeah it is. i've had bad cramps all week so i figured i was fine but nope lol
now i can't even do what i was supposed to do today because bojo had to leave for her work and i'm stuck here
Nokri (Marisa): i could walk to the office and see if anyone is there but if i die on the street along the way bojo would be upset
Nokri (Marisa): i don't know how i fell maybe i was walking along the edge of the stairs like a moron
Aldus Larian (Jess): you're not dumb 😦 do the people in the office know you are sick? maybe someone could come by and pick them up?
Bill: Bojo would not be the only upset one if you died on a street corner. <:hmmph:543192410402848769>
Nokri (Marisa): no, and the letters aren't done yet so they can't be mailed out
hold on a new situation just arose
Nokri (Marisa): BoJo locked her keys in the trunk and I have the other set. I think someone is coming to get them but I’m discheveled  drenched in sweat and reek of puke
Nokri (Marisa): I have to clean up
Aldus Larian (Jess): do you have a big hoodie you could just throw over yourself when they come?
Bill: Cleaning up might help you feel better too. And you can always say "I'm sick and don't want to get you sick", and pass them the keys through the door crack. 

Bernie style. <:bernie:611377625272680448>
Nokri (Marisa): I’m sorry for dragging down the mood you can ignore me I’m just incredibly frazzled and trying not to be suicidal
Somewhere there are hoodies. I don’t know the location of them and I don’t think I have the energy to search the most likely spot they’re in
Nokri (Marisa): I have to go feed calogero my sister entrusted him to me this week
Bill: Nah, you're fine.
Bill: Just take small steps.
Aldus Larian (Jess): don't worry about that (the mood thing), worry about you ❤
Bill: And remember every thing that you do, no matter how small, is a success right now.
Nokri (Marisa): BoJo can’t be out in the sun for long periods of time because of her skin cancer so I can’t dawdle if someone is coming to get her keys
Bill: You just have to give them the keys right?
Bill: If there's more you need to do before that, just start with the first thing. One task at a time 💪
Nokri (Marisa): This is a wreck I hate myself so much
Bill: It's just a wreck right now. You'll get things in order again.
Nokri (Marisa): They knocked on the door but the ringing in my ears was too loud and I didn’t hear them and when I finally got to the door they were in their car and I couldn’t go outside and I opened the door but they didn’t see me they just sat in the car calling someone I didn’t know complaining I wasn’t there and then they turned on their siren?? (Ex cop) and it gave me a splitting headache and as soon as they came for the keys I just shut the door and started sobbing on the ground and I want to stay here but I have to move
Nokri (Marisa): There’s something in the door that fell when I opened it I have to get it
Aldus Larian (Jess): they have the keys though?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah
Bill: You did good then.
Nokri (Marisa): I have to go back what if there weee checks in the door
Nokri (Marisa): They might blow away
Nokri (Marisa): I have to go again
Aldus Larian (Jess): you can do it
Bill: F I G H T  O N  M A W I S A  C H A N!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we're rooting for you ❤
Nokri (Marisa): lol it’s a religious conversion pamphlet I’m gonna rot in hell
Bill: oh sweet, naive bean. You refuse to curse. You *literally* can't see erotic content. You read Highschool DxD for the *actual* plot. 

Heaven's going to love you.
Bill: but importantly, you did it!
Nokri (Marisa): I’m gonna rot in hell after I fall on the floor my balance is all messed up and I can barely see I don’t have the energy to lay down so I’m gonna stand until I collapse here
Nokri (Marisa): I probably won’t hit anything on the ya down
Aldus Larian (Jess): ahh no try to sit down at least please? 😦
Nokri (Marisa): Everything hurts and I have no energy to sit I’m sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): but if you fall u might get hurt and the youll be in more pain D:
Bill: don't have to sit. Just don't fall down. Slide down the wall if you have to!
Nokri (Marisa): Haha there igo
Nokri (Marisa): What wall
Nokri (Marisa): I’m just gonna vhill here
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): The floor is wet
Bill: Wall of boxes!
Bill: You did good. You got the keys to the person. You made sure nothing disappeared in the wind. Chill for a bit.
Nokri (Marisa): I wanna die
Nokri (Marisa): Jess you can have my switch
Aldus Larian (Jess): nuuu u cant die D:
Nokri (Marisa): Haha nooo don’t kill me ur so sexy
Nokri (Marisa): That’s a meme right
Nokri (Marisa): I’m referencing a meme I think
Nokri (Marisa): Haha
Bill: No dying!
Nokri (Marisa): No u
Nokri (Marisa): When my phone dies I might be next eyyyyyy
Just kidding
Bill: no u
Nokri (Marisa): I am a bit out of it right now
Nokri (Marisa): I wish I could eat my teeth
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): drink some water?
Nokri (Marisa): I can’t get up
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t think I could keep the water down if I drank any either
Nokri (Marisa): I’ll be better by tonight this only lasts a day
Nokri (Marisa): Usually a few hours but that’s come and gone
Nokri (Marisa): Shoot BoJo is on her way back what am I gonna do
Bill: That's not a bad thing is it?
Nokri (Marisa): It is when she gets upset my stupid useless body is sobbing in front of the doorway and she can’t get inside
Nokri (Marisa): I’m gonna roll no I can’t there’s no room
Bill: Would she be upset by that? 😮
Nokri (Marisa): Yes
Aldus Larian (Jess): but its not your fault its your bodies 😭
Bill: Yeah!
Nokri (Marisa): No she gets upset in that she blames herself
Nokri (Marisa): I can move
Nokri (Marisa): I was trying to pull my hair out to cause pain that would give me a kick of energy but I’m doing that realized I can move my arms
Bill: which means you don't have to pull your hair out!
Nokri (Marisa): Erik’s right I’m thirsty
Nokri (Marisa): I’m getting a little better
Nokri (Marisa): That loud siren somehow triggered my symptoms maybe because it gave me a headache
Nokri (Marisa): I think he was just trying to get me to look outside though
Bill: Which like? What the fuck was that guy doing?
Nokri (Marisa): Guy who came for keys
Bill: That's not a good thing to do!
Bill: I know but who just blares a siren like that.
Nokri (Marisa): I didn’t hear him knock on the door. I did but I thought maybe I hallucinated it, I wasn’t sure because my ears have been ringing all day
Bill: A siren, from his car, is overkill though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): alot of cops do that to get peoples attention
Nokri (Marisa): I didn’t answer when he knocked so he went next step
Aldus Larian (Jess): a cop at the park used his to move some gesse the other day
Nokri (Marisa): Nice
Aldus Larian (Jess): instead of just driving near them and letting them move on their own
Bill: geese are different that blaring a siren in a private residence though. =T
Nokri (Marisa): Cops come through here all the time somebody is always getting arrested every day
Nokri (Marisa): We’re negotiating with the township to have the police set up a unit in one of the houses
Bill: ooooh that's kinda cool.
Bill: I mean, it's bad it needs to be done but.
Bill: Cop house!
Nokri (Marisa): I can move again haha I took a celebratory selfie and I’m gonna eat a cracker life is great
Nokri (Marisa): Nvm I flooded the bathroom I was so excited and got distracted
Nokri (Marisa): Haha
Nokri (Marisa): ok my symptoms are fading and i'm returning to normal finally i think
i'm really really sorry
i'll delete discord next time it happens so i'm not raving like a lunatic again
Nokri (Marisa): bojo made it back but her skin is really red. i'm white as a sheet so together we form one regular toned human
Bill: Please do *not* do that.
Nokri (Marisa): just the app
Bill: Please do *not* do that.
Nokri (Marisa): so i'm not rolling on the carpet in my own tears and sweat complaining about some keys
Bill: Marisa if that helps you get through an episode, then it's worth doing.
Nokri (Marisa): i don't know how i managed to type going through all that when i couldn't even sit or move my legs
Bill: *okay* since you said it I was totally wondering that too but.
Nokri (Marisa): it's a fun grab bag of symptoms that change every 5 minutes, you never know what's gonna happen. keeps things interesting. will i die next time? who knows!
Bill: No dying.
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH i kept a death grip on my phone since it was my only lifeline, and i literally had no energy to do anything and my vision was super messed up
but phone?????
Nokri (Marisa): i have no idea how i could type
Bill: You actually tapped in to the part of the brain people can't access and psychically communicated with the phone to type your messages.
Nokri (Marisa): maybe because it was just tiny finger movements and i already had it in my hand
Nokri (Marisa): ever since this happened when i was alone in japan and i didn't know what to do, i've kept my phone with me when it starts to happen in case i really do need an ambulance
bojo wants to call one every time but nah fam
Nokri (Marisa): kids these days and their smartphone addictions smh
Aldus Larian (Jess): since it seems related to your period maybe birth control would help?
Nokri (Marisa): ye but i can't take it because of a long family history of strokes and heart issues <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): at least, that's what they told me in high school
Aldus Larian (Jess): ohhh  😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): i guess you could ask again to make sure if you wanted
Nokri (Marisa): yeah i'll try that if i can. the issue I think is that I'd need to get blood tested while it's happening, because otherwise my blood test just shows other things, but I can't really move or do anything while it's happening. like i remember it happened once in high school and they had to wheel me out of the bathroom and to the infirmary in a wheelchair, and they sent me home before homeroom was even finished. hours later i'm fine.
Nokri (Marisa): it somewhat gets triggered by other things also? like I think today it happened because i fell down the stairs, i'm not sure if it would have happened if i didn't do that. it's happened in health class and in museums as well when i hear or see certain objects totally unrelated to when my period was
Nokri (Marisa): my poor sister nearly had a heart attack when i fainted in the mutter museum. i was totally fine and then i was like "hey... i don't feel really good, i'm gonna head over there" and she caught me as i fell forward
Aldus Larian (Jess): Could it be you have PMDD?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont see fainting on the list per se but maybe?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont know that much about it really but since its period related its an idea
Nokri (Marisa): ooo yeah i'm looking it up, all the mood stuff is there but not many of the other symptoms (fainting, cold sweats/shivers/hot flashes, purging everything in the body). it's worth a shot investigating, thank!!
other people have also told me it could be endometriosis? but the symptoms of that don't really align either
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo yea thats another idea hmmm stupid female body
Nokri (Marisa): it's like a grab bag of a ton of different stuff that all come and go. like one moment i'm on the ground writhing inpain, the next i'm guzzling water and hyperactive, the next i'm sobbing with a headache. all comes and goes within a 10 minute timeframe.
Nokri (Marisa): and now i'm perfectly fine like i wasn't knocked out on  the bathroom floor all morning
Nokri (Marisa): no pain, no mood swings, just a bit tired and my eyes are swollen from crying but otherwise totally fine
Nokri (Marisa): i can see and i don't hear ringing!
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats why im thing PMDD cuz that sounds like pretty normal period related BS but 10 times worse
Aldus Larian (Jess): like my period used to fuck me up but not that intensly to where i was passing out
Nokri (Marisa): it's better now though right? with birth control? like of course it still hurts and all but you're doing better?
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea birth control has saved my life tbh
Aldus Larian (Jess): i moved down 2 tampon sizes and the worst i get is dull cramping or maybe mild for a few hours
Nokri (Marisa): WOAH that's awesome!
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i used to be up all night with cramps even with 2 different pain killers
Nokri (Marisa): way too much tmi but ||recently it's just been all clots during my period, not really a lot of blood so that's a little concerning||. i don't like taking medicine at all so i try not to, but days like this i don't really have a choice unless i want to go to the hospital
Aldus Larian (Jess): ||that happens to me too especially now that the flow is less||
Nokri (Marisa): oh that's a big relief to know
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea periods are no joke with the pain 😭 
The BC also help regulated my mood alot
Aldus Larian (Jess): I still get some mood swings and stuff and it's not as intense and I can manage myself alot better with it
Nokri (Marisa): yeah! how has humanity survived this long and gotten to this point ugh
i wonder if it's our modern diet that makes it worse, or if people had to suffer with this 1000 years ago when they were eating gruel too
Aldus Larian (Jess): Idk I kinda feel like it's probably gotten worse but it's really hard to say esspecialy when historical y women's claims on pain weren't taken very seriously
Nokri (Marisa): i know during times of high stress and malnourishment the body just stops it, like during the holocaust most women in camps didn't have any periods
TRUE
Nokri (Marisa): y men gotta dothat
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Nokri (Marisa): you ever wonder if non-human animals go through this. do they suffer during their periods or during heat. is it just us
Aldus Larian (Jess): right ugh 😭
Nokri (Marisa): on the brighter side of things, if it's happening now it won't happen during cce <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): but CCE is in exactly  a month D:
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless it doesnt happen twice in a row
Nokri (Marisa): 13th to the 15th right?
Nokri (Marisa): it'd be a week before it happens
Nokri (Marisa): if it does, it happens totally randomly. according to my tracker the last time this happened was in may but it has happened twice in a row before
Nokri (Marisa): only happened once last year
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea im set to get mine sunday or CCE and i has right now too but you might have different timing than me
Nokri (Marisa): ooh nooooooo
Nokri (Marisa): BEGIN THE PRAYER CIRCLE
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Aldus Larian (Jess): its ussually pretty light first few days though so hopefully ill be ok
Nokri (Marisa): i hope so!!!!!
Nokri (Marisa): mine's telling me september 18th is next month, if anything i'm usually late and very rarely early. i think once i had mine twice in a single month but that was after coming back from japan in 2016 so i was still readjusting i think.
i hope it doesn't happen at the con, maybe the excitement of you being at a con and not eating/resting regularly will push it back
Bill: unrelated: I was stretching and looking at the lamp on the back of this desk and then I bumped the switch on the lamp with my arm while I was staring at the bulb.
Bill: Lots of sparkles.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah that ussually makes it come early for me! is ok i think i had it last year too
Nokri (Marisa): that means you're gonna get a period biru.also you were electrocuted
Aldus Larian (Jess): im more upset about the bloating that somes with it
Nokri (Marisa): ooooooo
Nokri (Marisa): truuuuuuuu
Nokri (Marisa): i don't usually notice that but i don't usually check for it
Nokri (Marisa): *shapewear*
Nokri (Marisa): body experiencing discomfort? *put it in more discomfort by shoving it in this tight sock*
Aldus Larian (Jess): In a bikini? 😮
Nokri (Marisa): yeah like one of those spandex cat suits
Nokri (Marisa): paint your belly button on
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): this could be us
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I saw pics from a con this past weekend where people were wearing RWBY versions of those
Nokri (Marisa): THAT COULD BE US!!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there was a Pyrrha, a Yang, and I think a Penny?
Nokri (Marisa): Sylvia looks like I did two hours ago
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh boy my boss and co worker are having a blow up 5 feet for me
Nokri (Marisa): That’s lewd
Aldus Larian (Jess): opp they stopped
Aldus Larian (Jess): they are apparently rescheduling the argument
Aldus Larian (Jess): o good now another co worker is talking about who in the building has the ability to build a bomb
Aldus Larian (Jess): man my work is so much fun
Bill: Are you mixing up mystic messenger chats and reality again.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah this is real man
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I see happyacorn is back at it again with trying to sell things. Like, I'm not trying to dig at her because she's really nice and I *do* like her, but like, every so often she advertises things she wants to make to sell and then like, a week later ditches it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): still never saw that logo I paid a deposit on... in February...
Bill: Oh. Oof.
Bill: At least return the money from people if you’re bailing on the projects.
Nokri (Marisa): dice bags eh <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Nokri (Marisa): i found the tutorial
Bill: 👀
Nokri (Marisa): ~~hey who wants some dice bags~~ <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Those would probably sell well Mawisa,  d&d is a huge rad right now.
Nokri (Marisa): they're incredibly easy to make. it's just 2 circles
Nokri (Marisa): pockets and all
Bill: And the draw string right?
Nokri (Marisa): ya
Bill: But you HAVE to price more than you usually do for stuff. 😑
Nokri (Marisa): fffffffffive
Bill: *Dollars?*
Bill: *No*
Nokri (Marisa): sure
Bill: The SMALLEST bag what’s her name is selling is 20.
Bill: You need to factor in production cost.
Bill: And time.
Bill: So you actually turn a profit.
Nokri (Marisa): she's got like 2.8k followers and i've got a little booth in a smelly antique store
Bill: Followers doesn’t mean shit.
Bill: Look at shipping cost, Georgia can plug you on her account, boom.
Nokri (Marisa): noooo that would be abusing georgia's power
Bill: I’m sure she’ll jump at the chance.
Nokri (Marisa): nooooo
Bill: *You want money? Stop underselling yourself*
Nokri (Marisa): you want a hot body
you want a bugatti
you want a maserati
Bill: You could make three for 5 dollars and barely break even for the fabric and strong, or make three for 20 and have a 15 dollar mark up.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'd promo you too! I only have like 700 followers tho
Nokri (Marisa): nooo jess i won't abuse your power
Bill: ~~only~~
Nokri (Marisa): $20 is so expensive
Bill: Remember when we didn’t use Instagram?
Bill: It’s expensive to someone thrifty like you.
Bill: Keep that in mind.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I dont have any power🎉
Nokri (Marisa): yeah i don't wanna sell stuff i wouldn't buy
Nokri (Marisa): i'd totally buy a dice bag for $5 if i had a need for one
Bill: You want to sucker the jackasses like me who impulse buy whatever looks cool on the con floor.
Bill: Do you want to make money, like you explicitly told me the other day, or do you want to make dice bags for total strangers to be nice?
Bill: You will not make money selling at the prices you talk about.
Bill: *You’ve played reccetear. You know how this works.*
Nokri (Marisa): I haven’t played reccetear <:pew:543202259085950996> I’ve played rune factory though yehaw
I wanna be nice and get money
Bill: I’m getting ranty but, long story short: dice bags are a hot item right now. You could probably sell half a dozen of them. You could probably MAKE what, at least 200% the cost to produce. That’s some good money that can turn into things like meds, toys for Sylvia, and FOOD.
Bill: And those would be reasonable prices. I’d expect a small dice bag to run 25+ at a con, for comparison.
Nokri (Marisa): food is nice. we've been out of anything substantial for the last ~3 days so we're stealing food from my sister's tonight while she's down the shore. she gave me permission to for feeding calogero
Nokri (Marisa): $25 for a tiny bag is so much tho
Nokri (Marisa): unless it's super fancy and embroidered, i can embroider stuff on it
Nokri (Marisa): names, small pictures
Aldus Larian (Jess): What's a cologero? Doggo? Kitty? Froggo? Lizard? Bunnun?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Even $15 would be reasonable I'd say
Nokri (Marisa): kitten!!
Aldus Larian (Jess): KITTEN
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:rise:582318089228648456> <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): i get pictures tonight he is small and vicious and powerful
Nokri (Marisa): here's the video if anyone wants to compete against happy acorns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUER7OL2_jc
Kaio Vermino (Lee): oh that is really simple
Bill: You Marisa. You make a sample.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): it really s 2 circles huh
Kaio Vermino (Lee): yea dude make those
Kaio Vermino (Lee): thats so easy and people are insane
Kaio Vermino (Lee): and will pay out their ass
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH it's way easy
lee start ur business
Kaio Vermino (Lee): no u
Nokri (Marisa): i found supplies they'll just take about 2 months to get here
Nokri (Marisa): the things for the drawstring
Bill: -_-
Nokri (Marisa): these
Nokri (Marisa): 100 multicolored of those for like $2
Nokri (Marisa): check back in 2 months <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): i can up the price on some of them by including dice with them
Nokri (Marisa): i was looking at a custom dice mold, but dice are cheap to buy anyway
Bill: NO. Dice are not cheap and you need a mark up. Not to mention people want to store THEIR dice more often than not.
Nokri (Marisa): ooo ok
Nokri (Marisa): these are $1.80 for the whole set and it's awakening my inner goblin
Tikur (Kurtis): Click Clack
Bill: How much would the materials be from amazon with prime shipping?
Bill: To make a handful of them.
Nokri (Marisa): a lot more than waiting 2 months from china
Bill: Answer the question.
Nokri (Marisa): sorry goblin brain can't read
Nokri (Marisa): 100 drawstring stoppers, 50 cord stoppers, 200 meters of waxed beading cord, and some decorative beads or patches to make them fancy runs me around $15 on ali
Nokri (Marisa): if i can sell one single pouch for $15 i make my money back
Nokri (Marisa): but that's so much hh maybe i sell 2 or 3 for cheaper
Bill: Congrats now when I get home with my kitchen table I’m writing you a production cost invoice and business plan instead of unpacking.
Nokri (Marisa): yes i shall pay u and erik for the idea
Nokri (Marisa): what kind of fabric do people want this stuff made out of
Nokri (Marisa): im looking for fantasy stuff but it's mostly asian-looking
Nokri (Marisa): rainbows
Nokri (Marisa): dnd says gay rights
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA Do gay DnD bags
Aldus Larian (Jess): the gays love DnD
Bill: Make them crit role themed.
Bill: Also pride flags always sell.
Aldus Larian (Jess): and then get like one other fabric so my heteronormaitve ass can buy one too
Nokri (Marisa): they won't sell in the shop though, the people that come through the shop are mainly bored conservative housewives. the pokemon stuff sells because pikachu is a big icon and kids tagging along with their parents might spot it
Nokri (Marisa): heteronormie ones miiiiiiiiiiiiight sell?
Aldus Larian (Jess): maybe u could sell online? but shipping <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Kaio Vermino (Lee): could make ones for a higher price with like pleather outsides? or suede?
they might pass off as  "coin purses" for normies that go through the shop
Nokri (Marisa): calogero can help me find fabric when i go over
YEAH i was gonna market them as jewelry bags and knick-knack bags too
would pleather hold its shape? <:thinku:543194478614413318> suede seems good. i was looking at cheetah print stuff
Kaio Vermino (Lee): old boring people love coin purses
Nokri (Marisa): *denim*
Nokri (Marisa): jice jolders
Kaio Vermino (Lee): a dice *jag*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): im super late and thers alot to catch up on but glad your feeling a bit better
Nokri (Marisa): thank u you too
Nokri (Marisa): currently debating this denim
Nokri (Marisa): i like this more but it's too small
Nokri (Marisa): i have leftover faux suede around here somewhere
Nokri (Marisa): I’m going to have a lot of things in two months. I’m already tracking packages that’ll already get turned into bags, chokers, hair accessories, bows, neckties, jewelry, clothes, and bookmarks. Most of which we already sell but some of which I’m trying new things.
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOO neato
Nokri (Marisa): New will be flower hair accessories and animal berets, planet/star chokers, tiny hats, lemme know if u guys want anything. Halloween stuff is in the works with Halloween bows and ghost keychains (essentially teru teru bozu)
Nokri (Marisa): Bows can be hair bows or bow ties
Aldus Larian (Jess): opp im gonna go back to complaining about period for a sec. so even tho BC has controlled alot of symptoms i still get "the brain fog"  and extreme tiredness
Nokri (Marisa): Oh noooi
Nokri (Marisa): Brain frog
Aldus Larian (Jess): u know the brain fog? hate dat shit
Nokri (Marisa): Yee like you’re trying to think through soup
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA ughh
Aldus Larian (Jess): also hunger
Bill: You can start an Etsy.
Nokri (Marisa): That’s scary and isn’t it expensive?
Bill: Isn’t it free?
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve heard that unless you pay to be sponsored on there you’re kind of stuck with maybe one sale every few months
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t think so I think they take a portion of your sales
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah it costs money to list things also
Bill: Will have to research.
Bill: Maybe not that.
Nokri (Marisa): Storenvy used to be promising until it was overrun with scammers
Bill: But you are properly invoicing items damnit.
Nokri (Marisa): :3c
Bill: Gotta get a freewebs site with a story page.
Nokri (Marisa): Oooh I had like 30 of those when I was little
