Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I was invited to a housewarming party for one of my friends and her boyfriend who are moving in together
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and they... set up a registry...
Bill: Lol.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): They didn't even provide links. They just said "House warming gifts can be found registered at Wal-Mart and Target"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I searched their names on both and couldn't find them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I thought a housewarming registry sounded odd. You typically hear about wedding or baby registries. I looked it up and housewarming registries are a thing, but doesn't seem to common.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.realtor.com/news/trends/are-housewarming-registries-tacky/
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea I mean, I kinda see the the need because alot of people move out before getting married these days and you need so much stuff and then having to buy it all while also getting started on your rent is a pain
Bill: It’s expensive to stock a home.
Aldus Larian (Jess): They should have set up an amazing resgitry cuz you can do those for any evert
Bill: FUCCCCK Ibm moved the desks around in this section and not ONLY did Sheema take my corner spot from last week, the desk I get is directly in her line of sight, she’s right behind me.
Bill: The workshop this week isn’t at our desks but FUCK this.
Bill: ~~good thing I haven’t been losing weight my girth will block her view of my screen~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I read that as expensive stockholm
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just think they could have worded it differently because it comes off as "we expect you to buy us things" instead of "if you would like to get us anything, we have a registry set up". Just seems kind of tacky the way they presented it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): When I move into my apartment I don't expect any of you to buy me shit when I throw a housewarming lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just bring your lovely selves and maybe a bottle of booze if you want 😉
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes they definitely could have been more subtle
Bill: mm.
Bill: Rowan
Bill: Rowan's deleting my student email. Rip student rate from adobe.
Bill: 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Are you
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Deadpool and yukio
Bill: Harleen is the most annoying I swear to god...
Bill: I'm already out of coffee and the workshop just started.
Aldus Larian (Jess): u gonna need a bigger coffee cup
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://giphy.com/gifs/coffee-gif-brockurealities-DrJm6F9poo4aA
Bill: PLEASE
Bill: PLEASE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ah I have woken up to the sounds of yelling
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): You’d think my parents would stop fighting after the divorce
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But they have to work together to sell this house and now there’s screaming
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): awww im sorry hun 😦
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And now lily has started screaming
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And now it’s everyone
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ah what a horrible morning
Aldus Larian (Jess): D:!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My mom started yelling that nobody helps her with doing stuff for the move and she wants us all to leave before the realtor comes in 30 minutes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): When last night I said I would be here in the morning packing stuff up?? And she was fine with that???
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Probably just being irrational with the stress
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Doesn't make it okay but.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Now the realtor is here so my mom stopped screaming and my dad awkwardly shuffles us off to Perkins
Aldus Larian (Jess): aww! 😦 ~~food tho~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Fake ass parents, screaming 10 minutes ago and then acting like everything is fine with the realtor
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): In other news I didn’t realize that Sakura San could have same face syndrome with Tsuyu cosplay and yet she’s done it
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Her description says Kero but her face says I don’t wanna be here
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sure does
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh yikes
Aldus Larian (Jess): alright yall today is cancelled
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH GOD yea she looks miserable wtf
Bill: Hour and a half of meeting and I’m brain dead. After lunch is four hours.
Bill: Hells bells.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my period kicked into high gear, can i go home now
Bill: Definitely canceled.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Agreed on canceling today plz and thank
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the professor with research emailed me back! she answered my questions and thats about it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so no research offers yet but also no straight up ignoring
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so ill do a little more digging into her research, write up an article, and send it to her probabl
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _she cant ignore my enthusiasm_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i havent said anything while walking around the house today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the realtor probably thinks im one of those weird stem types that i make fun of oops
Bill: aaaaaaaah workshop through 5pm.
Bill: I'mma die if Sheema doesn't break in the middle of this.
Bill: woohoo 'design workshop'. Lots of post it notes going on walls for random categories like Demo and Behavior and Goals.
Bill: Which is mostly irrelevant to me cause my job is to implement all the crap they put up.
Aldus Larian (Jess): probably thinks your just a moody kid
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s even worse 😭
Bill: Me: my stomach is a wreck today
Also me: I need coffee to survive.
Bill: !guessilldie
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ok last call
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Donate Hal’s hoodie or use it as a bargaining chip
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He apparently had stuff from RTX he meant to give to me, and still said he wanted to like 5 months ago
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But like, holding onto this boys shit is annoying
Aldus Larian (Jess): just donate it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _lady whoozica has spoken_
Bill: This workshop is killing me.
Bill: Quickly.
Bill: I dunno about Sheema, but these charts she found to discuss through are pretty useless.
Bill: "What's the behavior for the team" "well they do their job?"
Bill: <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I never got a response from Rebecca after telling her I *probably* could give her a ride, but she'd be better off going directly to Marisa's party...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I'm just going to assume I'm not responsible for taking her
Nokri (Marisa): I think I’m going to give up making new cosplay for a while after I finish the stuff I committed to. It gets me nowhere and I can just make other stuff instead
Bill: ?
Bill: You make new cosplay and get to be new characters.
Bill: That's somewhere.
Nokri (Marisa): But I’m not good at any of them. I just make new stuff in hopes it’ll be a nice costume and it never is.
Bill: Your costumes are good though 😭
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Might not meet your standard but they are all good
Bill: And you make such unique characters.
Bill: There aren't alot of shield hero cosplayers, and I know one! Two!
Nokri (Marisa): Shield hero is relatively new, there’ll probably be several at AnimeNEXT
Bill: I gotta get back to workshop but I don't think you should give up ALL cosplay work.
Nokri (Marisa): I’m still going to cosplay. I like cosplaying. I’m just not good at it so I’m going to put a pause on making new ones until something in my mental state improves
Nokri (Marisa): I know I’m bad because random people give me advice on improving my costumes at cons and tell me I look scary <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): Among other indicators
Aldus Larian (Jess): what? who do i need to kill
Nokri (Marisa): Who <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): ~~me~~ <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~never~~
Nokri (Marisa): maybe I’m getting too old and grody for cosplay and should switch to Lolita or visual kei
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea me too
Aldus Larian (Jess): seeing as im like 3 years older than u
Nokri (Marisa): But you look 13 years younger
Aldus Larian (Jess): Marisa you look young af
Nokri (Marisa): I’ve been told I look too old in Fuuko
Aldus Larian (Jess): Who is being mean to you? I will stop them
Aldus Larian (Jess): Fuuko looks like 6 too so like anyone looks too old
Aldus Larian (Jess): Your costumes are good!
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't think there's anything wrong with taking a break but I think your costumes are good!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like I think if you saw one of your costumes and you somehow didn't know it was yours you'd be like "wow great"
Aldus Larian (Jess): You just don't like it cuz it's your own work
Nokri (Marisa): Oh this holly person is nice I like them
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT THE FUCK
Aldus Larian (Jess): This is on insta?
Nokri (Marisa): Nah on Facebook, I met the girl who runs the Clannad page while I was dressed as Fuuko so she posted me on the official page
Aldus Larian (Jess): What is wrong with people. Listen to Holly, they know what's up
Nokri (Marisa): There were also comments about “should have made the starfish herself” but like. I did. ;u;
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ehanusbggavehke
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hold on I'm gonna go get my gun license
Nokri (Marisa): Oh have fun! I know people with guns if you need recommendations for gear. Be safe.
Bill: Don't listen to haters on social media.
Nokri (Marisa): What about the haters irl
Aldus Larian (Jess): Listen to US! And Holly
Aldus Larian (Jess): Don't listen to da haters
Bill: You do it for you.
Bill: Not anyone else.
Nokri (Marisa): What about the girl who told me to change my ruby cape or the people who tell me my wig is the wrong color or that my eyes are too scary

Yeah I do it for myself but I feel bad about myself when people point out all the flaws that I thought were fine ;u;
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *"would have been cuter if it was a little girl"* WHAT THE ACTUAL CUNTING FUCK
Nokri (Marisa): That was in 2014 so I was 19, very old
Bill: That I understand. They're not good people though...
Bill: And have confidence in yourself is hard even WITHOUT what you've got going on.
Bill: 😭
Nokri (Marisa): what’s confidence <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I meant that the comment sounds very pedo-ish
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea def
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but also you are very smol so idk what Kevin's got up his ass
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I guess compared to an actual child...
Nokri (Marisa): O tru that is a super creepy thing to say
Nokri (Marisa): The comments are just one item on a big list of things though. I’ve been considering this for a while and the scales seem tipped against me.
Bill: Who are these people who are saying these things though... I don't think you should be listening to them. They sound like the kind of people who ALWAYS have something mean to say.
Bill: ~~meanwhile you ignore all the good things we tell you~~
Nokri (Marisa): Because you guys are angels who say things I don’t deserve
Bill: Alright Ray calm down now.
Bill: I wouldn't tell you anything I don't believe.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea! you totally deserve it
Aldus Larian (Jess): you are super talented!
Bill: I brag about you.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye me too
Bill: I brag about how far removed you are from someone with no experience like myself that you literally can't comprehend how skilled you are.
Nokri (Marisa): Nooo don’t do that I’ll drag you down
Bill: ,... how?
Bill: There's literally no way you could do that.
Nokri (Marisa): Peeps meet me irl and all their high expectations are shattered like the mirrors in the house next door
Bill: That's not even a compliment. Bragging about you can't... bring me down.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You ain't dragging us down!
Aldus Larian (Jess): We've already met you irl! Guess what? We like you even more!
Bill: Yeah!
Bill: And you didn't even have to give us Elixir.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Your exactly what we expected irl yo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Perfect 👌
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA!
Nokri (Marisa): My bad <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: How DARE you become a treasured, loyal, caring friend to me that I could never replace!
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah sorry <:lenny:395307171539189760> I can cut ties any time just give me the word
Bill: You missed the never replace part.
Nokri (Marisa): Robots
Bill: Robot cannot be you.
Bill: You are decidedly too random and weird.
Nokri (Marisa): Cleverbot come forth
Nokri (Marisa): <:rise:582318089228648456>
Bill: Pish.
Bill: (props for that refute, that was pretty good)
Bill: (but also stop refuting my compliments you lovable gremlin you)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I too treasure your presence Marisa ☝
Aldus Larian (Jess): me too me too
Nokri (Marisa): You guys have to wait until Wednesday to say stuff like that
Bill: Discord adding a "remove all reactions" option to the right click menu has been a blessing.
Bill: why wednesday?
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok well say it again tomorrow
Nokri (Marisa): Opposite Day according to the spongebob universe canon
Aldus Larian (Jess): D:!
Nokri (Marisa): No take back
Bill: I'll just ban spongebob canon in the server. :3c
Nokri (Marisa): Impossible
Bill: Don't challenge God~~7~~Biru
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which would therefore make mayonnaise an instrument since it is not in Spongebob canon
Bill: Oh wait I'm Jumin so I'll just buy spongebob and ban that episode from being run.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~you can be all the characters biru~~
Nokri (Marisa): At least give Tom to tom
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I am Tom
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 100 percent
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Who am I the closest to?
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Somewhere between yoosung and seven
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Nokri (Marisa): Sounds about right <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://media.giphy.com/media/UOnL3t9SMwSBO/giphy.gif
Bill: Nah I'm not Seven, I just say Seven cause Hackerman.
Bill: I have V's issues and Jumin's baseline?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I don't think I fit any of the characters
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont fit any of them fully nah, i relate most to V and jaehee lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): id say your more jumin than anyone biru
Nokri (Marisa): Biru you seem like a vandy <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
Erik seems like <:thinku:543194478614413318> a little bit of Zen and Seven?
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH YEA VANDY
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm not narcissistic am I? I can see Zen for maybe the performing bit and being *super chivalrous towards women* 😏
Nokri (Marisa): Naw not the narcissistic part 👌
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and maybe a bit over protective,,,
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea not that part
Aldus Larian (Jess): zen is a good boi for what matters
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Seven for meme-iness (but maybe not as much)
Bill: *Vandy?*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *you don't like putting up with people's shit*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Vandy*
Bill: Lol
Bill: Are you sure it's not I'm constantly done with people's drama and being involved, and can't help snarking about it even if I might die for it?
Aldus Larian (Jess): you yell at people to motivate them
Bill: But I don't like cleaning that much. <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t remember that quote, when does vandy day it? <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: I'm a very logic driven person so Jumin is a lot like me.
Bill: But V's issues with self definition and obsession are very, very relatable so...
Nokri (Marisa): If I gave you a gun and asked you to kill me, would you?
Bill: *I know you're going for a joke but too real*
Aldus Larian (Jess): that react is cuz i know what your doing
Bill: Also I don't think V would do that?
Bill: Cause he can't idealize and obsess over her when she's dead.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lets move this convo to the respective channel *nyoom*
Nokri (Marisa): Not her, would you kill me?
Nokri (Marisa): O nyoom
Bill: Marisa. Never.
Nokri (Marisa): Boom, Vandy. :3c
Bill: *That wasn't a V comparison whaaaaat*
Nokri (Marisa): More reason to stop cosplay, my ruffler foot isn’t working and I have to push the ruffles through by hand <:rip:369476083248267274>
Bill: denied.
Bill: Cosplay IS suffering.
Bill: So you're doing it right.
Nokri (Marisa): Nah the suffering part comes from the toxic glue fumes in the only bathroom
Bill: Be safe!
Aldus Larian (Jess): AHH do u have a window in the bathroom?
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah but the alarm is on so I can’t open it
Aldus Larian (Jess): DATS NO GOOD
Nokri (Marisa): Don’t worry the shower curtain is closed owo
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont think thats gonna help you breathe but ok
Nokri (Marisa): Me: gonna stop making costumes
Me: oh but Medusa would be so easy and go with these pumpkin pants I’m making
Nokri (Marisa): It’s an addiction help
Aldus Larian (Jess): THATS THE SPIRIT
Nokri (Marisa): Need an exorcism
Bill: Fuckity Fuckity fuck I think I offended a guy.
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo what’d you do
Bill: Maybe I'm being paranoid but I totally see how he could be offended by saying something (being misconstrued) but he stopped talking for a bit and was kinda eyeing me and I'm paranoid as fuck.
Nokri (Marisa): Share the tea
Bill: That's the tea, I just said 'toss the code to the cio later (for long term support)' and that could be construed as insulting the CIO.
Bill: ~~and their a mess~~
Bill: But I dunno if this team is in the CIO.
Bill: I wrapped around to say we're doing the thing to make their job EASIER but aaaaaaaah paranoia
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oppe
Nokri (Marisa): Rip
Nokri (Marisa): You know the company’s good when you hear a knock at the door, ignore it, hear a knock next door, and then hear “there’s a cop pulling up, lets go.”
Whoever it was had multiple people knocking on doors and they all got into a car and drove away.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: He’s apparently marketing but aaaaaah
Bill: 1/4 days.
Bill: It’s only twenty minutes to the hotel whaaaaat is this normal commute.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So uhhh
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Awful storm right now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We have hail
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And a tornado warning
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Super fun
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ahhh! No!
Aldus Larian (Jess): Don't die fren
Bill: Oh I hope that doesn’t come here I think I have to walk to dinner.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's moving SE so you didn't get it
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah there’s a tornado warning here too 🙀 until 10pm which is when BoJo gets home. Am worry.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dawww I’m reading through old yearbooks
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This one guy wrote that he was really glad I knew what a triforce was and saved him from looking dumb in a game of Pictionary with our whole class
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s cool that such a small thing mattered that much to him
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The realtor is very pessimistic about houses worth more than 600K
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She said all the more expensive houses are owned by rich people, who are all leaving New Jersey cause the taxes as so bad
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which is also devaluing all the rich people’s houses as they leave
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She said our house is valued at 875K which is total BS because all the houses in the development are at least 950
Aldus Larian (Jess): are those for sale?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): There’s two others for sale at 950K and 1 mil
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which is why 875 sounds so dumb to me
Aldus Larian (Jess): have the others been on the market awhile? maybe she figures if its 875 then it will sell quicker
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nah they’ve been on the market less than a month
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk she was very pessimistic in general, I didn’t really like her
Aldus Larian (Jess): how did your mom feel about her?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My mom thinks she’s setting the bar low on purpose
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But she also thought she was kinda negative
