Afina Tyndall (Georgia): No this cosplayer I think
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She was stalked by some guy who broke into her house and killed her?
Nokri (Marisa): Oh
Nokri (Marisa): Bianca?
Aldus Larian (Jess): AHHH
Nokri (Marisa): A cosplayer was murdered back in 2013
I tried looking for it and didn’t see any news articles, unless she was a minor or they didn’t use cosplay in the article
Kaio Vermino (Lee): oh the girl who was beheaded
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YEAH
Kaio Vermino (Lee): by a stalker "nice guy" who played games with her and talked on discord a couple times
Kaio Vermino (Lee): he was apparently jealous because she was supposed to be going to a festival with some other dude she met over discord
Kaio Vermino (Lee): and he lost his shit and stalked her and put her in his car and beheaded her, took photos and posted them to his instagram story
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.yourtango.com/2019326242/who-ripbianca-new-details-teen-girl-bianca-devins-killed-discord-stalker-according-reports
Nokri (Marisa): Oh it was Bianca yeha
Nokri (Marisa): That’s rough
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's fucking awful. I hate people.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): really terrifying
Aldus Larian (Jess): omggg
Aldus Larian (Jess): ill have to read the whole article later
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats terrifying, and so sad 😦 people are fucked up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ahhhh when can I say fuck it and make my Instagram public again
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t really care if my session 1 kids follow me cause they’re not at the camp anymore
Bill: oh, that's why you have it private.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeee it’s all about being good role models for the kids
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which is like, I already censor my Instagram because of convention people
Nokri (Marisa): Wezrez is private? <:woah:543194447345876998>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yussss
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mawisa what do you think you’re a teacher
Nokri (Marisa): How did they find out your account?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): They were LITTLE STALKERS that’s how
Nokri (Marisa): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I wore Noah’s band shirt to class one day, they searched the band, found him, followed him, found me
Nokri (Marisa): Wow yikes that’s terrifying
Aldus Larian (Jess): dman
Nokri (Marisa): That’s seriously messed up that takes a lot of dedication to search that thoroughly
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And then one kid finds it, they all find it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): One of my kids was stupid enough to follow me on his main account
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I force unfollowed his account and went private because they were still my students
Nokri (Marisa): Good idea ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I mean that’s a chill kid, I guess I give him props for being crafty
Nokri (Marisa): That sucks
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But yeah now it’s murdering my follower count (I lose like 6 a day and gain maybe 1 every other day)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So I wonder if I should just go back to public now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > Going in for dentist appointment
> Dental assistant gets me all prepped and looks at my file
> Me: "Does that say when my last visit was?"
> Her: "Your last visit? Hmm... August 2015"
> Me: "OOF"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): damn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the real feat would be "no cavities"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I didn't miraculously
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Was *sure* I was gonna have something, but after a very intense tooth scraping, my dentist goes "Believe it or not, your teeth are fine"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Even had x-rays taken
Aldus Larian (Jess): aw hell ye
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really hate when I'm deeply invested in a project and then my boss comes in to ramble at me about other projects that I know I have to do
Aldus Larian (Jess): mood
Nokri (Marisa): dark stuff tehehe
||you ever have a dream so awful it makes you suicidal again <:thinku:543194478614413318> ||
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no! 😭  do you wanna talk about it?
Nokri (Marisa): not really but thanks. it was. bad.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): we're here to support if you change your mind ❤
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im so sorry that happened to you 😦 yes, let us know if you change your mind
Nokri (Marisa): i don't think y'all wanna hear about ||violent murders, rape, and gory disembowelment|| and i don't want to recall it but did you know that not all countries are recognized by the UN
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~we do it you need us too~~ ~~but yea understandable~~
and YEA das wack
Nokri (Marisa): oh cool there's a drug raid happening down the street
it's the house of the kid they suspected shot the other kid
Nokri (Marisa): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh goodness
Nokri (Marisa): Cop looks like he’s going hiking
Aldus Larian (Jess): hiking that man to jail
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OOF
Aldus Larian (Jess): my coworker is sooooo annoying
Aldus Larian (Jess): he calls loudly to our other coworker at least once an hour and if he doesnt answer right away he asks me "is he in there?"
hes allready asked me 4 times when our boss is getting back which i dont know and i even called the admin to see if she knew for him
he asks me "what are those people doing outside" whenever he sees people
like I DONT KNOW
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Omg dude
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'd kill him
Aldus Larian (Jess): hes SO bad dude 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): he just asked me "is he ignoring me?" I DONT KNOW
Aldus Larian (Jess): he thinks i know where everyone is all the time
El🆓de Faun (Tom): So wierd
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Just get mad at him
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean i answer him with annoyed tones he doesnt really care lol
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Damn dude
Bill: Spending more up front for the hard disks in the NAS will result in faster read/write from the NAS than the smaller disks which matters to me but I don't really need the extra 4tb/100 dollars a disk but I want the speed and it's good to future proof and I need to decide before the sales end or the whole thing is a wash and I'm already stressed so like? fucking disks.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My gums are so fucking sore from this morning. My dentist *really gets in deep* with that metal pick, scraping away...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): to be fair, he had 4 year's worth of tartar to scrape away
Nokri (Marisa): ooo you could make some nice sauce with all that
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmaooo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i called in for my 7 pm teleconference and ive been on elevator music for 10 mins
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): does that mean theyre waiting til exactly 7 to start
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _how do i know that im in_
Nokri (Marisa): was it an elevator rendition of fly me to the moon
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I WISH
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oh theres voices
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): someones breathing into the phone???
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): NASA WHAT????
Nokri (Marisa): it's darth vader
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres an old lady
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): this call is so chaotic ahaha
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): only 26 interns hired wow
Bill: Welcome to conference calls.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): shes just reading off the email
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): shes saying KSC and it sounds like KFC
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im not considered a government employee but i get a NASA email whoa
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): wow the conference was supposed to go to 8:30
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): it just finished
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): everyone is so stressed about housing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what a relief that i have my grandpas house and car
Bill: 🍀 🍀
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): someone asked during the call if they had to pay for the kennedy space center LOL
