Bill: There we go I talked to cosplayer girl for 30 minutes or so about cosplay and stuff. The team is saying good byes tho and Jen left so I’m like awkward about going up to say goodbye and I feel like I should to call it a success

Okay I tried again and got sorta to the group but I didn’t yet and I can call it a success. I tried. Doubt it’ll go anywhere but.
Bill: Now to head home from upstate ny.
Bill: Oof this is a tired drive. Had to pit stop.
Bill: Haaa... so there really wasn’t chemistry with Shannon thinking about it, on either side. So while I feel the ‘need’ to go find her on Facebook and follow up (cause that’s what I *should* do if I’m trying to get to *know* ~~anyone~~ someone), I’mma let it slide. (Plus I don’t want to seem like a stalky anime dude, always a risk.) 

Back to the starting line.
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): is that the asian dude girl
Bill: Mm.
Nokri (Marisa): would you really want to be with someone so shallow that they'd turn down a person they've never met because of their ethnicity
Bill: Figured I’d give her the chance to be more open minded in person. Really, she’s no loss. It’s the loss of a chance that sucks.
Bill: !choose photos, go through closet
Dizzy: You should choose go through closet
Nokri (Marisa): there are infinite chances though, and people can be dishonest in-person
Aldus Larian (Jess): You you didn't lose anything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah you could just send a friend request and see what happens
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The worst is she says no and you don’t lose anything
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The best is maybe you click a year from now and have a million babies
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t think you should be going into the mentality “I’m gonna meet my future girlfriend” and just go with “I’m gonna meet PEOPLE”
Nokri (Marisa): it wasn't really a second chance if her main qualification is "asian" and that's all she's interested in
Bill: I’m saying I think the only reason I would make a point to get to know her better is her single status... She reminds me of the modern day hetalia fangirl. Not the kind of person I choose to hang out with, and there wasn’t a common thread between us in a half hour of talking. I’m not saying “it didn’t click” romantically, I mean like. As friends.
Bill: The chance part is meeting a women who is actually single. Less about her and more circumstance.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Then fuck it
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): No loss lol
Bill: And I said I’m thinking not following up cause I don’t WANT to go into it “I’m meeting my future girlfriend”.
Bill: Just another opportunity that fell flat.
Bill: That’s what kills me slowly.
Nokri (Marisa): a friend opportunity?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I don’t think you should really have the attitude that it’s like... a failure tho
Nokri (Marisa): it's confusing because the language you're using and the way you talk about becoming her friend is the way people talk about relationships
Bill: And potential romantic interest opportunity. ~~I NEED to stop making friends with couples~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like you talked to her for a few hours, you learned more about people in the process, and have a better idea of what you don’t like as well
Nokri (Marisa): "lost opportunity" and "didn't click" aren't really used for friendships
Nokri (Marisa): she wasn't a romantic interest from the start though, as soon as she was like "i only like asian dudes"
Bill: It’s possible she was feelin awkward about a setup. Being told “you should meet this person” by a friend over text is different than meeting someone in person.
Bill: So that’s giving benefit of the doubt.
Nokri (Marisa): she knew literally nothing about you though aside from "not asian" and still declined to meet you
Nokri (Marisa): someone mature would say "i'd rather meet them naturally" or be introduced in person rather than text, rather than "lol not asian no thanks"
and being introduced by a friend is how you make most friends, right? there's nothing really awkward about it
Bill: You’re not really wrong. Like I said, I was just giving benefit of the doubt. And I don’t get the opportunity to meet single people too often so for me, it was worth the risk of being wrong.
Bill: So I looked optimistically at it.
Nokri (Marisa): then that clouds your judgement for friends. you went in thinking it was a potential romantic encounter, and because you didn't click romantically it twists your interpretation of how you could be friends. sure, maybe you couldn't be *close* friends with how your interests align, but you could be friends nonetheless.
Bill: Wellll it’s not like I was doing anymore than trying to get a baseline for a friendship lol.
Bill: Talked about cosplay and conventions, not pick up lines and personal lives.
Bill: I get what you mean tho.
Nokri (Marisa): you were saying you weren't going to send a friend request and that you didn't "click" as friends
cosplay and cons, that sounds like plenty of matched interests to be friends
Bill: Those are pretty broad categories lol.
Nokri (Marisa): it's much more specific than "likes anime" and it's pretty niche in the grand scheme of the world
it just seems broad to you because that's the niche you hang out in
Nokri (Marisa): otakon is one of the biggest anime cons in the world and only gets around 25,000 attendees
Bill: Right. But you don’t get along with every time of person at a con so you?
Nokri (Marisa): otakon's attendance is 0.03% of the population of washington DC
Bill: Like there’s party people who you wouldn’t hang out with, but they watch anime cosplays and attend cons.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah that's true. that's why they don't have to be close friends.
sean basically sexually harassed me and we're still facebook friends and we greet each other as friends at conventions.
Bill: Yeeeah, I was just. Not terribly motivated to pursue another Facebook friend.
Nokri (Marisa): then you could be casual con friends
Bill: I gave her my card and stuff for that!
Bill: She only does Kotori and Next tho.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _card?_
Nokri (Marisa): if you don't want to be her friend that's fine, but then don't consider it a lost opportunity for making friends based on one meeting
see there you go a card
Bill: Jen brought up that I also shoot cosplay to her as an introduction.
Bill: So I gave her one of my cosplay cards.
Bill: I guess you got me there Marisa, the “lost opportunity” is for a romantic pursuit. Just something other than getting no matches on bumble, being depressed, or a hope spot. You are very wise.
Bill: Which is less about her and more about me not feeling so... stagnant. Realizing that will be good to keep in mind if I get another chance to chat with someone like that.
Nokri (Marisa): maybe part of feeling stagnant is relying too much on friend groups. not that that's a bad thing, i'm just talking about how at conventions you stick to friend groups a lot to the point you felt uncomfortable at the con alone in the morning. go to new events and dances and stuff
Nokri (Marisa): workshops and whatnot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i met some guy in a hentai panel that chatted me up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if i was single i wouldve given him the time of day lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you never know
Bill: That discomfort was from the cosplaying part. Sunday I was about on my own and that was fine. I’m very shy without a friend around to take comfort in is all.
Bill: So much so I don’t talk to anyone and beat myself up for that later.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm at my friend's housewarming and their apartment is probably about the size as the one I'm looking at, if not smaller. There's close to 30 people here and it's very cramped...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So no BNE sleepovers at Erik’s
