Bill: I wonder, if my commutes were shorter, I’d be less down. As it stands it’s a lot of time for my mind to wander in depressing directions with no distraction from that.
Tikur (Kurtis): Nah, I mean the commute probably adds to it but it also matters where your head is at so if you have a bad head space then the length is not going to help
Tikur (Kurtis): Unrelated but this 10 min stretch of road has taken me 40 going on 59 min and I wanna die
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof
Bill: Ye not a cause but wondering if it a factor.
Bill: Mood!
Bill: I went up through franklin to sr23 to 287, then didn’t take 287 and took some other backroad up to 87. That’s been an hour 40, now I’m in quote “a severe delay” for the next 8 miles.
Tikur (Kurtis): Yeah a dump truck over turned on 80 and everything went to hell.  Even back roads were back up crazily
Bill: Yuuuup. Happy fucking Tuesday.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooo marisa prob out of power... 
what town does she live in technically?
Bill: Clementon.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok ye she prob has no power i hope she doin ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres ANOTHER jessica in here for an interview i STG
Aldus Larian (Jess): shes ALSO blonde
Aldus Larian (Jess): they better not hire her 3 jess's is too many we dont ned 4
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My house is out of power
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): My mom said as of 6:30 pm last night
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats around when marisa went dark too D:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oof 😧
Nokri (Marisa): o we have power
I was just called in to work until 1am heyo
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOO NOOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): glad u back tho!
Bill: What'd you have to do that late Marisa? Were you coordinating disaster things?
Nokri (Marisa): They didn’t know how to save a pdf in word and then they asked me to type up some letters
Aldus Larian (Jess): D:
Aldus Larian (Jess): at 1 AM?! D:
Nokri (Marisa): Ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): das super wack fam
Bill: I was doing an hour long presentation on a project we're passing over to a new team and my headphones kept dying which was super awk cause the thing was being recorded.
Nokri (Marisa): Better than the girl who was holding the Olympic flame in London when a stray breeze blew it out
Bill: sure but it still was awkward.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Woahhhh
Nokri (Marisa): maybe I can get my $30 before Otakon
Aldus Larian (Jess): hopefully!
Aldus Larian (Jess): how long did u have to work?
Nokri (Marisa): They called me around 7:30-8 and I went in at 9 so 4 hours
Aldus Larian (Jess): under the table im assuming?
Nokri (Marisa): No it went on my time card and all
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~cuz our states min wage is 10/hr~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh but tax prob
Nokri (Marisa): I clocked in/out
Is it 10? I’ve gotten like $8.50-9 most places
after taxes and whatever nonsense yeah there’s less
Nokri (Marisa): I usually get $32 for every 4 hours
Aldus Larian (Jess): i got raised to 10 on july 1
Bill: ^
Nokri (Marisa): :0
Nokri (Marisa): I doubt the office would do anything about it but I can mention it to someone
Aldus Larian (Jess): they better cause otherwise
das illegal
Nokri (Marisa): They’re too poor to pay us because they’re paying the lawyer like $500 an hour to come in the middle of the night and tell us stuff to type up
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Nokri (Marisa): At least I’m not on pool duty where they have to stand in the sun all day and uncrumple money with cocaine in it 8)
Aldus Larian (Jess): TRU
Nokri (Marisa): Or whatever it was
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): we can give you photo payment upfront if that helps <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~I can pre-pay~~
Bill: ~~oops I dropped my money in your purse~~
Bill: ~~oops my early onset Alzheimer's kicked in and I don't remember where I lost my money~~
Nokri (Marisa): So nice you guys are giving each other money
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 4 u!
Nokri (Marisa): No u
Nokri (Marisa): I’m not using the paycheck for Otakon im using it to get prescription refills so I have my medication for Otakon and don’t bother anything with a mood crash <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): Wow look at that weeb rune in the top corner that’s cool
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~how much are your meds?~~
Nokri (Marisa): With insurance they come out to just under $30 <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): u almost out?
Nokri (Marisa): I have three days’ left of some of them but they called this morning and said I can pick up refills after this evening
Nokri (Marisa): Oooo I forgot arifureta got an anime. I have most stuff to cosplay the vampire girl I could make her for Otakon 👀
Aldus Larian (Jess): if 2 of us pre pay our shoots you can go gets?
Nokri (Marisa): Naw
Nokri (Marisa): Y’all already paid for your shoots
Aldus Larian (Jess): naw we didnt
Nokri (Marisa): Ya
Nokri (Marisa): I just remade Blake’s shirt out of an old T-shirt because I lost the crop top I hope no one notices it sucks
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have never given u a money
Nokri (Marisa): He’s such an edgelord omg
Nokri (Marisa): U paid your balance of $0.00 in full
Aldus Larian (Jess): who is he
Nokri (Marisa): The protagonist of arifureta
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): vampire pirate Zen
Bill: I snorted in a conference call.
Nokri (Marisa): I forget his name I couldn’t keep reading after the giant chested ditzy bunny girl
Mint eye zen
Aldus Larian (Jess): bless u
Nokri (Marisa): It’s actually really good until she shows up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): can i buy some bows marisa owo
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): or commission some AFINA ARTS
Nokri (Marisa): Nah I have bows that I owe you I was bringing to Otakon
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you dont owe me bows, i havent paid you yet!
Nokri (Marisa): I said I’d make you bows before I owe you a blue one from something
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~suit saeran is dat u~~
Bill: ~~yes~~
Nokri (Marisa): I had to sew something else today but I can’t remember what it is. I’ll probably remember when I go to put it on at Otakon
Bill: I prepay for commission art, good idea.
Nokri (Marisa): Noooooo I kept intending to do Sona this week but didn’t get the chance to
Bill: That fine!
Nokri (Marisa): Am worst friend
Aldus Larian (Jess): you spell best wrong
Bill: I shoulda gave you mones ahead of time anyway, that's how all the other commissions worked.
Bill: what Jess said.
Nokri (Marisa): Noooo
Uhh hold something says it was delivered but that’s not my house in the picture
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh nooo! D:
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t even know where that is, all the houses near mine have paved walkways
Nokri (Marisa): I SAW the delivery guy out front too
Nokri (Marisa): What he do
Aldus Larian (Jess): he had one job
Bill: lol. I didn't get a package yesterday, I sypathize.
Nokri (Marisa): uuuu that was the SD card for my camera for otakon idk what to do now
i hope whoever gets it can bring it here? but idk ahh
Nokri (Marisa): maybe the drug store will sell cheap ones
Nokri (Marisa): Oh phew BoJo to the rescue
Nokri (Marisa): She found it on her way home
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAY!
Nokri (Marisa): she saw it a few blocks down and she knew the people who lived there so she knocked on the door
they asked if it was a bar of gold and she said no and they said she could have it
Aldus Larian (Jess): nice!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao what kinda question is that
Nokri (Marisa): golden standard of all questions
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): How do you get Amazon to take a picture of your package? 🤔
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Or when you are able to track it in real time?
Nokri (Marisa): it's random
they usually take a picture when it's delivered by one of their drivers, not the regular mailman
and i think it can be tracked in real time for certain drivers if they're within 9 stops of your house
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Do you get stuff delivered directly from Amazon?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Maybe because you're closer to a distribution center?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): My stuff is always USPS
Nokri (Marisa): ooo really? :0
yeah my stuff is always either from usps or, more increasingly, a random person in a van. the people in the van take pictures of the things they deliver and sometimes can be tracked
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoa
Bill: I have a handful of spare cards in my bag always Marisa, if you’re ever stuck without one I can lend one to you.
Nokri (Marisa): i'd have to borrow it for weeks though and i'd be scared of sending it in the mail in case it breaks or gets crushed or melts in the heat
no can do
Bill: None of that is an issue (except if it breaks before you BACK UP YOUR WORK), I don’t actually use SD on my camera. It takes XQD so I use an XQD and have SDs for back up purposes.
Bill: So it wouldn’t be an issue for me at all.
Nokri (Marisa): but you'd be out an sd card
Bill: One I haven't used in a year and a half.
Bill: No loss. I need to replace my spares with XQD but an XQD card costs like 150 bucks.
Bill: *I wouldn't have offered if it'd have been an issue for me it fine Marisa*
Bill: Fuck. I should have checked for sales on XQD cards on prime day.
Bill: These things are SO expensive.
Bill: but they *fast*.
Bill: Geeky fact, it's because they actually use the same interface as your graphics and other internal PC cards.
Bill: I can't seem to focus on a screen right now.
Bill: I've tried like half a dozen genres of music but I can't get my focus going.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hngh
Bill: Just don't respond woo!
Nokri (Marisa): OH I KNOW HIM
Nokri (Marisa): He’s just very very talkative
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Nani
Nokri (Marisa): The Touhou guy
Nokri (Marisa): He messaged me the same way and then spoke to me a bunch while I was working at zenkai. He noticed I was busy and would leave then come back and talk later. Very talkative fellow
Bill: so don't respond woooo
Nokri (Marisa): Be aware he’s really good at recognizing people
Bill: *It's like stalking woo*
Nokri (Marisa): Naw he didn’t stalk
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was able to cross 9 things off my to-do list and yet I still feel like I was really unproductive today... 😞
Bill: Were the 9 things work related? :3
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's what I meant, my work to-do list
Bill: Bet you’d feel more productive if they were from your personal to do list. :3
Bill: Special fuck you to Dropbox for adding a three device limit. I need to switch to using cloud ration exclusively.
Bill: I can’t get to my fic document to check an outline and brainstorm driving.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do what I did and create a second dropbox account with an alternate email <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: That’d be a mess, one device would gave to locally sync the two different folders to spread across my 5 devices.
Bill: I have a private cloud via the NAS at home, it’s just a little slower so if I use Lightroom on two machines too quickly it’ll create a sync conflict.
Bill: Lightroom catalog is the only reason I still use Dropbox.
