Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: NO
Bill: NOPE NOPE NO.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): NOEP
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ~~who's that and whatd they do~~
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I've actaully never been aquanted with him so ill let billiam explain
Bill: He’s a creep from our college anime club.
Bill: Definitely on some kind of spectrum, but made a habit of following Marisa around the campus.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh dear
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Nope nope
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Protecc Marisa
Aldus Larian (Jess): mawisa protection squad
Bill: I shut him down routinely, but he talked to me at CPAC about how I look vaguely familiar, then forgot my name, then was like where do I know you from. After all that, he then went into telling me how he was forced to leave Rowan for mental issues.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh no...
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 😬
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah he followed me around for hours, on and off campus. He’s the guy that’d see me going to 7/11, follow me there, then eat with me back on campus until I had a class to go to. 
He said he is autistic and I think would occasionally drop out for a semester? I just remember a time when a bunch of girls (and me) were running an errand and he tried to follow us and talk and someone shut him down that we were too busy. 

Not a creep, just doesn’t know any better and will trap you for hours.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Still a big yikes
Bill: He single handed managed to get half the female new members to never come back the club.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh God:/
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH omg that poor Japanese exchange student that I invited to join
That night we had Tobias and the guy who would walk around the back of the room talking to himself
Nokri (Marisa): Never saw her again
Bill: I blame Tobias for my inability to get a date in college.
Bill: ~~that’s it~~
Bill: Hmm.
Bill: I screencapped one of those photos from bumble I was talking about that was just bad, and makes me question if they even looked at their profile.
Bill: It’s gone tho.
Bill: Maybe bumble clears screen caps.
Bill: Or I’m just a dumb.
Bill: Weird.
Bill: Look at this like, do you even CARE?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): She cute tho
Bill: I just can’t get past the apparent lack of fucks given.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Some people are just uncomfortable with themselves ~~which is a bad sign~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But that's most likely what it is
Bill: Eyyyy
Bill: But it’s a game of selling yourself in basically one image.
Bill: Are you even playing the game if you don’t put an image forward?
Nokri (Marisa): isn't that the same profile picture that would be used for any other site?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea .most likely
Bill: That’s even putting aside the rest of the profile being half assed, but if your header image doesn’t flatter you, why would you expect anyone to take interest?
Bill: It’s just. Odd.
Bill: It’s not like it’s just “conventionally unattractive” people who are more likely to have issues with a photo of themselves. You see this shit on the girls with abs and 6 swimsuit pictures too?
Bill: It’s so dumb.
Bill: ~~this is dumb but that’s where we’re at~~
Nokri (Marisa): all girls get bombarded with a ton of spam messages on dating profiles, and ones with supermodel style images get a ton more spam. maybe this is a way of filtering that out?
Bill: I’d believe that if they put any bio in to judge them by. Literally just the crap pictures.
Bill: However I did find one amusing thing a little while ago; girl only put pictures of her nephew. She mentioned in the bio it was a nephew clear as day, but all of her photos had the nephew.
Nokri (Marisa): if they have an empty profile then they probably aren't looking for anything serious
a lot of people also don't want to be recognized on dating apps
Bill: She’s CLEARLY playing some kind of game with the impression holding a baby in all her photos gives off and I’m TERRIBLY curious to the logic about that.
Bill: If you don’t want to be recognized you aren’t showing off your looks. Dating apps. Are built around. Looks.
Nokri (Marisa): are they though? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): does she have a baby maybe? Jenn does that to let guys know "hey i have a kid so if your not intot hat here ya go"
Nokri (Marisa): oh yeah. did the nephew girl have custody of her nephew? that could be a big thing
Bill: She wants people who assume a child in the photo is hers to ignore her profile that’s for sure.
Nokri (Marisa): why? :0
Bill: I think if she had a kid she would say that rather than nephew.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh maybe i missed that? i didnt see anything about nephew
Bill: I’m guessing cause she is either close with her family with kids or very much wants kids, and doesn’t want fuckbois who are immediately turned off by that.
Bill: It’s a good method to get rid of anyone looking for casual fucks.
Nokri (Marisa): which are 95% of the messages girls recieve
i hear girls get at least 10 messages a day from dating apps, more when they first join
it's the same on pen pal sites. i would join looking for e-pen pals and get like 50 messages in a day all from older dudes.
Bill: Her methodology is amusing.
Bill: Guys can’t message first on bumble.
Bill: Women must choose to accept their “swipe right” first.
Nokri (Marisa): ooooo that's interesting
Bill: ~~so I’m told I’ve never seen a match so~~
Nokri (Marisa): what does your profile look like?
Bill: But snark aside it’s women focused. Meant to keep the culture a little less... tinder.
Bill: Profiles are just a handful of pictures and a bio.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): show show show
Nokri (Marisa): post it here let us seeee
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:rise:557579163511554050> deliver us the pics
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: I have to delete the account anyway. Apparently you get rejected enough you get sorted into effectively the loser bin and sorted the back of the list of men who swiped right on that girl. So she has to go through EVERY other person before you show up.
Nokri (Marisa): my one tip is maybe girls don't understand what snark means in that context and they think it's something lewd? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Bill: I uh. Kinda doubt that. It’s a pretty main stream word.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the applebees pic is cute but i dont think its best for a dating profile
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): doesnt really add to the profile other than to prove you have friends
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but otherwise its a good set up
Aldus Larian (Jess): to me the work "snark" is like "sarcasm, but meaner"
Bill: It’s at the bottom and even if the people scrolled that far, having proof of friends is actually pretty valid.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ooo ya jess makes good point
Bill: As far as I can tell.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yes and no
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i feel like some of those arent your best pics either
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): MORE NORMIECONS, THERE MUST BE
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): not that people on dating sites are particularly picky about photos but thats my 2 cents
Bill: They are entirely picky about photos that’s the point.
Nokri (Marisa): oo maybe ya. people might see snark and think it's a mask for being mean or something?
like girls who go "i'm a princess who deserves the best." that makes them sound spoiled and demanding
Bill: ~~the best photo I have is probably the one that keeps getting you mistaken as my girlfriend~~
Nokri (Marisa): the picture of tom, jess, georgia, and you could be construed as a double date with an ex
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OOF
Aldus Larian (Jess): needs more memes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i shouldve dabbed
Aldus Larian (Jess): everyone appreciates humor
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): curse me for taking such excellent selfies with friends that could be misconstrued
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oooo ya you should have a goofy pic
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): to show youre FUNNY
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): smart jess
Bill: *is that really a recurring problem for you though*
Bill: Could.
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!! like the people who post pictures of them sitting in shark suits or a piece of toast with sunglasses
Bill: Like I said I apparently have to delete the thing.
Bill: And redo it.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): everyone wants to message the guy in the shark suit with toast
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): hot
Bill: Meme account is meme.
Nokri (Marisa): you know he's drowning in chicks though
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): well jesus is entirely meme but you get the point
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 1 funny photo is good
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i dont mean go that far
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): makes it clear you dont take yourself too seriously
Bill: To put it in an Ibm quote, “we can’t make people buy what we’re selling”.
Nokri (Marisa): ~~closes the funny costume tab~~
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): My account is meme
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Memes are good
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Joke account basically
Bill: There’s at least one meme photo somewhere I can find.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Not that I've used it recently
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But when I did I had a few matches that when I talked to them they commented on the jokes
Nokri (Marisa): that reminds me to feed my neopets thank u
Bill: Anyway I’m not dealing with it now.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Valid
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oooh did marisa get solos of you at cherry blossom, those would be sweet too
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Normiecon photo is goooood though
Bill: No she didn’t.
Bill: I don’t think.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Before the conversation ends, just wanted to say that LMAO
Nokri (Marisa): oo i can check
Bill: Not that it would be great, the humidity made a wreck of my hair for the day.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): makes you look like an author that normiecon photo
Nokri (Marisa): i have a couple of you solo
and the one where i tried to give you a cherry blossom mustache
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _meme photo acquired_
Nokri (Marisa): now that is ***gangsta***
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ur postures real good in this one too
Bill: Like I said I’m not dealing with updating it now. *Theoretically one of the people I swiped on early could match...!* >.>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): food for thought
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): if i made a profile my meme photo would definitely be the thot smile
Bill: Yeah guys aren’t going to look at that and see meme Georgia.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _its not an ahegao_
Bill: It’s not no.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think I hit the bottom of the bag on Hinge. It's *really* stretching as far as my distance parameters and I've been X'ing a lot
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I also added hella filters so that could also be why
Bill: Hinge was a crapshoot in this area too. May only be usable in a city.
Bill: But I’m going to bed before I think myself into a mood.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yee sleep well!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEE
Elfriede Faun (Tom): SLEEP GUD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres one cosplayer that i follow that makes really awesome rwby weapons and i went back into my instagram DMs to reference the pictures he once sent me of his pyrrha shield
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and somewhere right before that message he was offering condolences for my grandpa passing
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and he was like "i dont know much about you beyond my respect for your amazing pyrrha cosplay, but i feel he wouldve been proud to have such a friendly and accomplished granddaughter"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hello yes i dont have enough sleep to hold these emotions
Elfriede Faun (Tom): aww, did he send that a while ago
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yee i just stumbled upon it again
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Good wholesome historical content
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ugh last final to go
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 43 degrees out wtf I took my winter clothes home already
Bill: Just get them over with.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Good luck!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Last cold day too!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WHEEZES IM FREE <:rise:557579163511554050>
Aldus Larian (Jess): YAAAY!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): HOORAY!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): WOO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ```Erik
The quote for the [assembly]
 is little high. Is there anything you can do since we are ordering 2 of them?
Currently that is the version used 1 per machine. So you could see other orders going forward. I know it is
a lot of material cost but can you do any better for this cable assembly?

Thank you,```
Bill: ```"No.

Thank you,"```
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The assembly ended up being over $2,000
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but like... there's really nothing we can do
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the cable is expensive and there's a conduit it goes in that's also very expensive
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and that's before we mark up materials by 25%
Aldus Larian (Jess): RIP them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): The part that gets me is *"you could see other orders going forward"*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like, that's great
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but unless you submit a PO for more, we can't use that as incentive to reduce the price
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): if you plan on ordering more, then submit a quote for a higher quantity and we can reduce the price
Aldus Larian (Jess): companies usually give you a price kit after theyve seen multiple orders XD not before
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): boss isn't even here to discuss so I'mma have to wait to give him an answer
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I'd rather not even get the order because this assembly is dumb
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it uses really thick inflexible copper cable and is 55 FEET long
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Noah’s roommate has to move all his stuff out today
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): omfg
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _oof_
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): looking at that stresses me out
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): wtf
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *Y I K E S*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Moving out Noah, do you mean “oh that’s mine” times 5
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): More people during move out...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): People are wild
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): honestly moving houses this year, despite it being 15 years and i like this house, im not sad about it that much
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im mostly worried about the metric fuckton of stuff i have
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): cosplay takes up so much space
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oof. Yeeeah
