N🆗ri (Marisa): I gotta start dinner soon but idk when BoJo will return and I dont want the food sitting out for hours  <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So I think whatever I ate at lunch was bad because my stomach has been feeling weird all evening
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo noooo 😭
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): photo channel alert
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): nope, still not hunter
Bill: Haha.
Bill: Suffer.
N🆗ri (Marisa): spoiler because gross complaint about neighbor
||they let their dogs poop on the second floor balcony next door and now their balcony is just covered in poop. how do they think that's ok. our houses aren't big, you can go downstairs and open the door to the backyard to let them out in less than 20 seconds. the balcony is like 5 feet away from my bed so it's not fun to stare at all day.||
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wtffff that's so messed up
N🆗ri (Marisa): they aren't even allowed to have pets because their landlady re-did the entire house before they moved in, everything was brand new because the last tenants trashed everything when they left and she didn't want pets ruining the house after such an expensive renovation
there was one wall that was entirely mirrors that the old tenants smashed in. that was fun to listen to.
N🆗ri (Marisa): they're doing it agaain
they've got 3 dogs ~~on the balcony instead of the backyard~~ in a house that isn't supposed to have any pets
N🆗ri (Marisa): and i usually wouldn't care about the dogs since it's not my house, and their barking in the middle of the night for hours on end has gotten better, but letting them out on the balcony is just disgusting
Aldus Larian (Jess): Are these the same ones that smoke weed?
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah, but at least they don't do it as often as the last ones
N🆗ri (Marisa): they took our complaint into consideration
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😫
Aldus Larian (Jess): Good for you bro
N🆗ri (Marisa): this guy obviously don't know how to live
it's law in america to wake up at 4am to eat
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao right
N🆗ri (Marisa): if the clock strikes 4:44 and you haven't eaten the government comes to force feed you mcdonalds
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmfao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): !!!!!!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This would be an interview to be paid to do research on autonomous vehicles!!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Not _exactly_ physics but close!!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): still very tech-y, and definitely interesting
N🆗ri (Marisa): way to go sandidge <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Go Sandidge!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Yay Sandidge!
