Bill: Head could you give me a break? I don’t need your aching today, o got a big day at work.
Nokri (Marisa): Someone gave us food I was planning on having for brunch but. It’s open? It’s one of those brownie packs but it’s been torn open and none of the brownies are missing and it was stapled shut. That’s reeeallly weird.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hmmmm 🤔
Aldus Larian (Jess): Are they all unsealed?
Nokri (Marisa): It’s just the one bag
Nokri (Marisa): Like we only got one and it’s open
Nokri (Marisa): Freaky
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): goddamn this fucking customer
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): Yay customers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they're the most difficult fucking people I have ever had to deal with
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): constantly changing their drawings and BOMs with no actual revision change so you can't really keep track of which is the correct fucking drawing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): changing things *after* we've already started working on them
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sending in quote request after quote request for dozens of different parts that they're only ever going to purchase *once*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): demanding that we complete each quote "ASAP" because it is "very urgent" because they "need to place the order immediately"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): demanding that we complete them ALL in like 2 weeks when there's so much fucking paperwork to do for each assembly
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I. HATE. THIS. CUSTOMER.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): SO. GOD. DAMN. MUCH.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): And they're all Indian so there's a language barrier which makes it even more frustrating to deal with
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have to pack up at work for a conference my coworkers are going to. one of things they need it a lint roller which they didnt put the cover on and somehow had a rubber band stuck to it so i pulled off the sheet and smacked myself in the finger with a rubber band and im pretty suure it gon bruise
Bill: oof
Bill: Also kill them Erik.
Bill: Is your boss brown nosing them cause clients?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think I hurt my wrist banging my fist on my thigh in frustration because now it hurts
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like it feels like it needs to pop
Bill: Cause that sounds like an excellent point for a manager to step in and say 'in order to improve productivity on your requests, we need to set some ground rules'.
Bill: You could do that as well, theoretically, but depends on your working relationship with the clients.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): boss doesn't really interact with them. he just approves the RFQs when I give them to him
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we've been dealing with their bullshit for 2 years now. It was even worse at the beginning because they requested a lot of things with new terminals we didn't have the tooling for so we had to try to figure out how to charge them extra for tooling
Bill: Mmm... We had/have similar problems with IBM on some projects. If you can figure out an appropriate way to push back, it might be worth considering.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Mostly it's just trying to keep the customer happy. Like they don't get angry when we're late with a quote or anything, they just keep asking for updates and it gets annoying
Bill: Right. Same scenario. IBMers were pushing Indellient staff for updates too much, just because they were eager/a mess/trying to do work based on that update, and the trick was to push back the update timing.
Bill: I had to do that with Sheema, I kinda ghosted her for a few hours each day to 'train' her into not asking me for updates at 6am every morning.
Bill: That's on a smaller scale though.
Bill: What you need is to define a process with them for future orders that benefits you, but also appeals to them.
Bill: ~~sorry I dabble in project management a lot around the office so I'm just spewing advice~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): One thing I've started doing to speed up the process is making abridged assembly procedures. Since we're only ever making like 2-5 pieces of each assembly for a one-shot order, there's not much point making individual APs for each one. The important useful info is the tooling for each terminal so I started compiling all the terminals we use for them with the tooling info and then create one AP for each PO we receive so that's been helping in that respect
Bill: Automation!
Bill: Smart.
Tikur (Kurtis): Some pork chops just flew out of the freezer and honestly I just feel so attacked rn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): chop them back
Nokri (Marisa): ooooo that reminds me of a story
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 🍿 🙂
Tikur (Kurtis): https://media.tenor.com/images/b64ada34f488b4418db6dc98b9610606/tenor.gif
Nokri (Marisa): When I was a kid
I used to think that pork chops and karate chops
Were the same thing
I thought they were both pork chops
And because my grandmother thought it was cute
And because they were my favourite
She let me keep doing it
Not really a big deal
One day
Before I realized fat kids are not designed to climb trees
I fell out of a tree
And bruised the right side of my body
I didn’t want to tell my grandmother about it
Because I was afraid I’d get in trouble
For playing somewhere that I shouldn’t have been
A few days later the gym teacher noticed the bruise
And I got sent to the principal’s office
From there I was sent to another small room
With a really nice lady
Who asked me all kinds of questions
About my life at home
I saw no reason to lie
As far as I was concerned
Life was pretty good
I told her, “Whenever I’m sad
My grandmother gives me karate chops”
This led to a full scale investigation
And I was removed from the house for three days
Until they finally decided to ask how I got the bruises
News of this silly little story quickly spread through the school
And I earned my first nickname
Pork Chop
To this day
I hate pork chops
Nokri (Marisa): i copied and pasted that it's not about me
Nokri (Marisa): https://medium.com/poem-of-the-day/shane-koyczan-to-this-day-baae83cf75ee
Aldus Larian (Jess): I THOUGHT IT WAS ABOUT U
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I THOUGHT IT WAS YOU TOO
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OMG
Nokri (Marisa): oops :3c
Nokri (Marisa): pork chops are ok
El🆓de Faun (Tom): It fits so we'll lmao
El🆓de Faun (Tom): You had a nickname too
Nokri (Marisa): *el gato diablo*
Nokri (Marisa): after some mental health questions once they sent me in to see a counselor and she was like "lol you're fine bye"
Aldus Larian (Jess): AHHH none of the shit i need to do to the stuff i need to do before vacation is coming in
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The only reason I knew it wasn’t about you is because I’ve seen it before lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): boss last week: I need this as an 18 x 24 in 30 mins
me: the only way i can do that is by tapaing sheets together 
boss: Ok

boss this week: why are there lines in this?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Lmao did he eventually accept it
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but i gotta reprint it smaller anyway cuz he doesnt understand pixels
Aldus Larian (Jess): hes like "why does it look bad?" and im like "because this is about 12 times it original size"
Nokri (Marisa): waifu x2
Aldus Larian (Jess): and hes like "can you clean it up?"
and ime like "NO THATS NOT HOW THIS WORKS"
Nokri (Marisa): https://waifu2x.booru.pics/
Aldus Larian (Jess): but thas only for 2 times bigger not like 12
Aldus Larian (Jess): plus i want him to suffer
Nokri (Marisa): run it though like 3 times
oo also valid
Aldus Larian (Jess): My self confidence took a drop earlier this week but it commin back in take for con thank God <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): goddammmit I sweat to god...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *they changed **another** part*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *we already built the damn thing*
Bill: Woo Jess!
Bill: Now if I can stop anxiety I got building it’ll be an absolute win!
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): for con>?
Bill: Life. 😅
Bill: The kind where you can’t quite tell the source.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ```
Good afternoon,

We have received the finals drawings. Upon inspection, there is a discrepancy between the preliminary drawing and final drawing for assembly _______ Item #30.

Preliminary drawing calls for American Electrical Inc. P/N 1161050
Final drawing calls for Panduit P/N FTD75-8-D

As material has already been purchased for this order, the former part was used for this assembly. If this is an issue, please let us know so that we can re-quote the assembly and issue rework charges to fix it.

For future reference, please make sure BOMs on final drawings match preliminary drawings, or inform us of any changes so that we can quote properly.

Thank you,

Erik Bjorken
Engineer
```
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): this is me passive aggressively telling them to get their fucking shit together
Bill: I think that reads well.
Bill: Still professional, provide solutions, but also establishes a problem.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): > clicks *reply all* and forwards to my boss as well
Bill: You could add something to the end about only wanting to save them money as well, depending on your familiarity with the client.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I don't give a shit lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah its good as is
Bill: Ye, not saying you do.
Bill: It’s just “playing the game”.
Aldus Larian (Jess): if u were a sales person then ya, but you get nothing from kissing their ass personally so i say fuck it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and their order entry and invoicing system is a pain in the ass because they can't just edit a PO if they need to change something. they need to enter it as an additional item so making price changes mid-order is a fucking nightmare
Bill: It builds repore. You want to be nice and helpful expert in your field. Your nice, so they don’t consider you on their side and your an expert so they trust what you have to say.
Bill: 😒
Bill: I was supposed to have a discussion with Gord today and he failed to book time for it, and we're pushing it. An important discussion. It was also my *primary* reason for coming in today.
Bill: *You better*
Bill: 😒
Bill: I also have one of those like, rubbed off skin blistered on the back of my heel from new shoes so I gotta go get band aids or suffer the walk to the train.
Aldus Larian (Jess): new guy we hired 3 days ago is already making fun of my boss XD
Tikur (Kurtis): Just had an old man mutter "I just wanna get shot" as he had to get up from a chair,and I almost said mood out loud.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): did today drag on for fucking ever for anyone else?
Tikur (Kurtis): Oh it still is
Bill: No, but only cause I was *supposed* to be having that meeting.
Tikur (Kurtis): This is me in the inside rn
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 😱
Bill: Fuck my train is listed as TBA.
Bill: I swear if it’s cancelled.
Bill: All good.
Bill: This renora fic is diabetes though.
Tikur (Kurtis): Share the sweetness punk
Bill: Five summers on fanfic.
Bill: Fluff is dangerous.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oof my stomach is so upset
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and im stuck running study hall for tonight
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 2 hours
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): study hall is the worst part about this job
El🆓de Faun (Tom): ://
