Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there are now four 2 bed units available at that apartment complex and still no 1 bed <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i think noah feels bad about what he said before cause ever since he got back from dinner hes been texting me a lot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): memes from reddit and stuff
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): asking to play minecraft together
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): can being depressed give you weird mood swings?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): Could have just been a stray comment. Maybe he was hangry
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): maybe!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): he had just gotten back from work
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and the conversation started because i had offered to call him to talk because he said "im unmotivated and hate it here"
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the more i think about it, the more it sounds like straight up depression
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeah that's probably it
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Sorry to hear that tho, :/ I hope he's able to overcome
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Just adding to the rest of the masses but I also disagree with him
El氣電e Faun (Tom): We all have flaws but I don't think that's one of yours
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Unless he considers the challenge eating tomatoe
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): eugh tomatoe
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): yeah i think he just bein moody
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i think it came about because i mentioned offhand that i like to take shortcuts while playing videogames
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ye it happens. Try not to take it to heart
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): but thats cause i play videogames to explore, not "be challenged"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Big mood
El氣電e Faun (Tom): **Take the challenge, eat tomat**
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): ye thank friends 笶､
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _no tomat_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _time to make the boy play bloodborne if he likes challenge so much_
El氣電e Faun (Tom): YEET
El氣電e Faun (Tom): FATHA GASOLINE
Aldus Larian (Jess): She hate the tomate
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): has he tried Dark Souls?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL no
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im gonna make him try now tho
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): he seems ok now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hes makin jokes and seems pretty normal now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): guess i just gotta look out for depressive streaks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): maybe just being miserable at his internship and being away from you
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): you playing together is good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): sister's fiance texted me saying he picked up some celebratory cigars for Saturday and I was just like <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Aldus Larian (Jess): "candy cigars?"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I felt bad, but like, I don't smoke
Nokri (Marisa): bring one of those bubble pipes
Nokri (Marisa): smoke that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): He doesn't seem to offended about it so I wouldn't worry
Andrew: Hey guys could I get some good feelings. I'm
Andrew: Really feeling down rn
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no! I'm sorry you are feeling down fren! 沽ｭ Sending good vibes 笨ｨ
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://youtu.be/3OnnDqH6Wj8
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But in all seriousness, sorry you're feeling down dude. Sending good vibes your way!
Bill: Lemme know if you need to talk Andoru.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Your shield hero cosplay looks really good!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): my niece may have a blood clotting disorder i stg this girls been through more in 3 months of life than i have in 26 years. She'll be getting heart surgery in the next week or so at columbia university hospital in the city
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh no.... poor thing. 
I feel so bad for her
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Luckily though, on the bright side, shes too young to remember any of this traumatizing stuff.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): And as she gets older her body will get stronger too. Hopefully that means less complications
Aldus Larian (Jess): right? I feel so bad for my brother and sis in law too. my brother is a pretty anxious person so i cant even imagine what its like for him rn and i know its really hard on her too 沽ｭ
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yeahhh...
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Talked to your mom about it a hunch yesterday
Aldus Larian (Jess): i feel like so useless to cuz im just like "oh i hope everything will be ok" and like i cant help or anything
Nokri (Marisa): how far away do they live?
Aldus Larian (Jess): they live close maybe like half an hour, the nicu shes been at is about half an house also. the surgry hospital is in Manhattan
Nokri (Marisa): you could make them food, or send them food
or offer to take care of house things like laundry, cleaning, walking pets if they have any
they might reject your help but if you see them struggling it's best to just do them anyway
Nokri (Marisa): when they get back from the hospital it might help to come back to a clean house, with warm food ready
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats tru
i had considered that but their dog is big boi and pulls me down really easily so i cant really walk him. im also just big awkward with stuff like this but thats a whole other issue 
they come home every night, she lives there but they arn't staying there my brothers been working the whole time, shes on maternity leave
Nokri (Marisa): oooooooooo big doggo <:woah:543194447345876998>
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea him german shep, he has many energy
Nokri (Marisa): ~~sounds like a job for swole tom~~
Nokri (Marisa): that's what your family calls him right
Nokri (Marisa): swole tom
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh yea totally
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Yep that's me
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh no 沽ｭ I hope everything gets better with your niece 笶､
Aldus Larian (Jess): Thank fren
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I'm taking over doing order entry while our normal person is on vacation and one of our customers sent a few order releases and one of the orders isn't due until January 2020 and I'm just like *whoa, 2020 is coming up in half a year...*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also, I like that they place their orders months in advance as opposed to one of our other customers that demands their order two weeks from the order date
Bill: Late but more sympathys for for your sister in law and niece. If you can think of anything to do, let me know.
Andrew: My sympathies are with you in this time of need
Nokri (Marisa): bojo's trying to get me to go to a hospital <:hmm:543194383885926403>
she came in to grab something before a meeting and said i looked really pale and tense
i'm always pale and tense but she said it was way more noticable than usual
maybe i am dying <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Go.
Bill: Trust Bojo.
Nokri (Marisa): but they're expensive
Bill: G O
Nokri (Marisa): i made her go to her meeting, i'm gonna stay in the house
Bill: <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no mawisa :(
Aldus Larian (Jess): Are u dehydrated
Nokri (Marisa): oo. am i? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Have you drunken water lately?
Nokri (Marisa): being drunk is illegal
Bill: WATER
Aldus Larian (Jess): Has a water
Andrew: Drink water
Nokri (Marisa): too anxious to drink a lot of water i just had a sip
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sip water slowly
Nokri (Marisa): but it falls out of my hands if i go slowly
Aldus Larian (Jess): You can put it down between sip sops
Nokri (Marisa): down the drain? <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): o are you suggesting i plug the drain and fill up the sink and drink from the basin like i let sylvia do sometimes
Bill: do you not have cups? :0
Nokri (Marisa): o i don't use those at home, we don't have many and bojo uses them for her necessary coffee
Nokri (Marisa): or we use them for food
Aldus Larian (Jess): But u can wash dem
Bill: Use for water.
Bill: Den wash ye!
Nokri (Marisa): but that requires soap and we're out of dish soap
Nokri (Marisa): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): 沽･
Aldus Larian (Jess): What about water bottle? You had some at da party any leftover?
Nokri (Marisa): oo no those were the office's water bottles haha oops
Nokri (Marisa): we have tap water
Nokri (Marisa): bojo got really fancy for the party and pulled out all the stops 沽
Bill: Use cup.
Nokri (Marisa): but then i just have water in a cup
Bill: Then you drink!
Nokri (Marisa): but i too anxious to drink <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: Slow slip.
Nokri (Marisa): maybe i'll take up knitting again and see if that does anything
Nokri (Marisa): or embroidery
Nokri (Marisa): i suck at it but millennia of women suffered to do it so yolo
