Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): May not like him, but the boy speaks reason, and honestly bless because people look really dumb thinking posting a status saying they don't give permission does anything lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): wow, you know your social media addiction is bad when you open a new tab at work and instinctively start typing "f-a-c-" before realizing that you *just* closed Facebook a few minutes ago...
Bill: Mhmmmm
Bill: I took instagram/facebook off my bookmarks bar just so I'd stop clicking them on reflex.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I don't even have them in my bookmarks bar 😫
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~I do have Discord on it though~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have none at work but here i am
Bill: President in Canada complained about my expenses needing more detail.

Well, I now spent an hour I'm *absolutely* recording for the day doing individual entries in their stupid expense portal, redoing June and adding July/Aug.
Bill: *I could be doing billable work, but no, you can't figure out that the trip is the same between the 12 trips I make in 3 months and can be invoiced the same way*
Bill: I miss when I first started and we used a personal excel spreadsheet and we just emailed it to Gord.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you get to expense your travel to work? 😮
Bill: To armonk, because it's a client site.
Bill: Not to NYC.
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoa
Aldus Larian (Jess): so my one coworker (whos works from TC and isnt here alot) likes to come and talk to me right after hes has a cigarette. cigarette smell usually doesn't bother me too much but what whatever he smokes smells so fucking bad it makes me sick to my stomach
Bill: oof
Bill: That sucks.
Bill: Gord smokes cigars, but never in the office and I don't think he smells like them. Danny has a vape.
Aldus Larian (Jess): vapes give me headaches (if they are the sweet cartridges)
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oof when I went to college, I had nightmares every night for a week for some reason
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Looks like it’s gonna be the same deal with Florida
Aldus Larian (Jess): o no!
Bill: 😑 

*You guess? I spent a half hour going over what you want while you told me 'I dunno but Sheema said you already did it' because when I explained **what I just did** originally you told me that wasn't what you wanted*
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): "ah yes I will copy the client's location address's from their site so I get them right"
"theres a mistake"
Me: <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Bill: The whole call she was like "I guess I'll do it myself because I can't describe it" and I'm like "did you fucking *try*"
Bill: lol
Bill: Fun fact for whoever's the first to come see my place, the only GPS that correctly navigates to my building is apple maps.
Aldus Larian (Jess): opp guess we cant visit
Bill: https://tenor.com/view/anime-in-the-feels-shot-gif-12650129
Bill: Waze and Google Maps, even if you give the apartment letter, lead you to the center of the complex not my building.
Aldus Larian (Jess): eh thats fine im sure we could find it
Bill: It's not too hard to find, but I'm expecting someone to get lost first time here for a party or something XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea that prett sommon
Bill: I'm right on the main loop, and the whole development loops so it's not too bad... Not to mention I believe I'm the only building that has the tennis court behind it.
Bill: ~~for the record the pool is in the center of my loop~~
Bill: One of the pools.
Aldus Larian (Jess): do you play tenins?
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO someone just asked me how to search a server
Aldus Larian (Jess): theres a fucking search bar oommmggggg
Bill: Nah. Did a tennis camp a few summers as a kid though, think the rackets are in my parents garage.
Bill: Should bring them over.
Bill: https://www.reddit.com/r/nosurf/wiki/activities?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app#wiki_awesome_hobbies if you were actually worried about social media addiction Erik.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *it's not even 2 yet? I could have sworn we had break already...*
Bill: You need a vacation mate.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *3 weeks and 2 days until vacationcon*
Nokri (Marisa): would it make sense to charge different amounts for bags made of different fabric
i can get velvet dirt cheap
but this fabric looks nice and i feel like it'd be more popular than a solid color? but it's like 10x more expensive
Bill: Depends on how different the fabric is.
Nokri (Marisa): this is just cotton but it looks neat
Bill: Leather versus velvet people will understand the difference of. Velvet versus cotton is a bit harder to differentiate so people might question a price increase.
Nokri (Marisa): velvet is reeeally different from cotton
i don't think leather will work for a drawstring bag. i've looked at some faux leather pieces but it'd probably start cracking after a while and it'd have a weird shape when the bag is closed
Nokri (Marisa): this is velvet
Nokri (Marisa): this is cotton
Nokri (Marisa): I guess the scales aren’t cool enough to warrant a difference in price then and not worth it?
Nokri (Marisa): Calogero is eating my hair
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo the scales are pretty
Nokri (Marisa): Yee that’s why I thought they’d be good, but so expensive
Nokri (Marisa): I’d have to sell stuff for $20 apiece if I went with that
Bill: ~~I have leather dice bags so~~
Bill: Something similar.
Nokri (Marisa): Orly? They’re probably real leather tho right
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t really have any leatherworking tools, the closest would be cosplay involving vinyl that was all hand sewn
Bill: Then you don't have to do leather.
Bill: I was just using it as an example of what a pleb would consider different than 'fabric'.
Bill: Does anyone else hate keyrings?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like in what way?
Nokri (Marisa): The way they just [clenches fist] exist?
Bill: They're just annoying to force open, and keychains never sit nicely....
Aldus Larian (Jess): They're hard to get on but they're fine once they are on
Nokri (Marisa): It’s good that they’re hard to force open because otherwise they’d be fallin all over the place
Bill: Yes but also no.
Bill: Why hasn't bill gates or Elon Musk invented some kind of keychain that sucks less 😭
Bill: > puts Violet (Evergarden) charm on spare mailbox key
> cries
Nokri (Marisa): Me, wearing an invader zim t shirt under an anime hoodie with shutter shades and cat ears on: “hey everybody, look at that weeb crying over his waifu! Hah!” I take a bite of pocky and trip over myself while walking away, dropping several anime figures
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao wat
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't know what you mean about not sutti g right biru
Bill: https://tenor.com/view/anime-in-the-feels-shot-gif-12650129
Bill: this may seem dumb, but I just realized you could put a charm with a string loop (like phone straps) through the hole of a single key and that's not a *look* but like. Aesthetic.
Bill: Oh, nested key rings won't sit right.
Nokri (Marisa): Sounds dangerous
Bill: So anything that goes through a loop is going to rest perpendicular to the loop, right?
Bill: cause the loop goes through it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): O I had zen on my purse ziper like that but he broke off 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Wait are we talking about home chars or key chains
Bill: If you have something else on a loop, it's going to rest perpendicular to it's own ring. But because it's a nest loop, it's perpendicular to the OTHER rings stuff.
Nokri (Marisa): So the keys look lumpy on a table?
Bill: for me it's more they sit weird in my pocket but same idea.
Nokri (Marisa): Oh dang that’s right you have space in your pocket for stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): put your key chains on ball chain?
Nokri (Marisa): what about an old fashioned key holder
Bill: Using phone charms like this is the only thing I meant about those.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: that is disgusting <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): whaaaaaaaa
Nokri (Marisa): i have one but i don't use it, it's too nice
Nokri (Marisa): that's what everyone used to use in the Old Days™
Bill: How keys should sit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have one of these. Super compact and convenient
Nokri (Marisa): how my keys look
Bill: Iiii should look at one of those Eril.
Bill: I just saw something about them actually.
Nokri (Marisa): the person in biru's picture has thumbs like ine!!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): as someone who carries a Swiss Army Knife with him everywhere, I think you'd like it
Bill: @ marisa so know you, me.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ooo I don't pocket my keys
Bill: Do you KNOW how useful that knife has been during the move?
Bill: VERY
Nokri (Marisa): biru has thumbs like mine!!
Nokri (Marisa): how many people have you stabbed while moving
Aldus Larian (Jess): My keychains hang like dis
Bill: that works if it's not in a pocket ye
Nokri (Marisa): ooo you have those heart keychain connector things! I was looking at getting some of those, do they hold up ok?
Aldus Larian (Jess): I put them in groups so they don't all just line up
Bill: I don't have any keys I don't pocket 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA they are good! Erik and biru have ones from the same artist
Aldus Larian (Jess): Carry a purse!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think they just came out with a new Keysmart that's also a prtable charger
Aldus Larian (Jess): It also makes them easy to unclip if I want to put them on somethy else
Aldus Larian (Jess): the one Solas (badly with the doggo) is on it nice too
Bill: Hmm. I thought my spare lockbox key was in the other lockbox.
Nokri (Marisa): russian nesting lockboxes
Bill: > drops A2 keychain
> me: "aaaaaaAAAAAAAAAA2222222222"
Bill: I had a lockbox in my room, and I have the one my parents have kept my personal information in for years.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I contribute my keys to the discussion
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I use a lanyard like the fuckboi I am
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA tom uses a lanyard too
Aldus Larian (Jess): i use a clippy
Aldus Larian (Jess): i have too many key chains for a lanyard cuz imma keychain hoe
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Idk how I’ve managed to just have Lux on mine
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I only have cc and jin saotome on mine so it still fits in my pocket
Bill: I've got Weiss on my car keys, which I just separated from my actual keyring for easy of access to my apartment key, Yang on my spare car key, Violet on spare mailbox key, Natsume (book of friends) on spare apartment/mailbox key, and now I need someone on my lockbox keys.
Bill: *And I think the most fitting charm will either be Joker or Kaitou Kid*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Dats a lotta keys
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont have any spare keys, tom has all second copies of keys. I think Yato is on my spare car keys
Aldus Larian (Jess): or maybe tom has the first and i have the seconds oooo
Bill: was pretty good to get three copies for the apartment and mailbox.
Bill: Wasn't expected more than two.
Bill: My third apartment key is with my parents.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my aunt and uncle have the third i think?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I guess I should figure that out cause I just got three copies of my Florida house key
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Living alone is WHACK y’all
Bill: Which do I want for the lock box keys. I’m leaning resident evil.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo i also put keychains on bags
Aldus Larian (Jess): i gotta fix zen 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): im just glad i found him when he broke
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m a devola and popola fan
Aldus Larian (Jess): i lost yukine forever at animenext 2016 like that never forget
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA devola and popola!
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~does anyone else have extreme difficulty reading military time?~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeee
Bill: I don't, but I set my phone to show it during most of high school.
Aldus Larian (Jess): oo why?
Bill: ~~japanese phones display military time iirc and I wanted to be a weeb~~
Nokri (Marisa): i used to but they use it all the time in japan. i got used to it and only made a big mistake like twice
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That was the guy thing to do also
Nokri (Marisa): yeee
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Justin did it too
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think justin still does it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Prob
Nokri (Marisa): japanese TV will even refer to some early morning programming as "airs at 26:30"
all movie theaters display times like "movie starts at 18:45"
Aldus Larian (Jess): ohhh whoa
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 26:30 WOAHHH
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Super military
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think i switched my phone to it breifly in high school trying to be cool but im dumb and couldnt tell what time it was so switched it bacl
Bill: Yang on my actual keys and the twins finish the keys.
Bill: I need an actual key holder for the wall now.
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoo! if i use the key holder i forget my keys lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): am a bag lady
Bill: Key holder is for the spares lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea thats what i use it for
Aldus Larian (Jess): i think tom uses it?
Bill: I empty my pockets onto my nightstand/dresser when I got to bed, my actual keys will stay with that stuff.
Bill: ~~cause I'll forget anything I separate from the pile~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): do you think you'll still do that with a whole apartment tho?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mine usually just stays in my purs
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh wait u keep your keys in your pocket after u get home?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Peak attractiveness: I wanna see dudes bring back satchels
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like purse sized bags to carry their shit
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Not laptop bags, no cheapin out
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But a satchel
Aldus Larian (Jess): bag bois <:rise:582318089228648456>
Bill: Yeah, probably Jess.
Bill: I don't empty my pockets when I get home.
Aldus Larian (Jess): isnt that uncomfy?
Bill: Not really.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i get home and change my pants almost immedietly most days
Bill: I'm usually more comfortable in jeans than anything else.
Aldus Larian (Jess): unless im going out and even then i change from pants to shorts or a skirt
Aldus Larian (Jess): put i thought u had to wear slacks to work?
Aldus Larian (Jess): or something lik that (im not versed in mens pants)
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I'll take a bag
Bill: Technically we're supposed to be business casual at Armonk. After I saw Jing show up there in ripped jeans, I gave up and started wearing black jeans up there and not giving a shit.
Bill: My actual office dress code is non existent.
Aldus Larian (Jess): o
Bill: Though, I did change outta a polo when I got home yesterday and put on a t shirt.
Bill: So there's that much.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i get home and change my whole outfit half the time
Aldus Larian (Jess): my office is cold and my house is warm
Aldus Larian (Jess): this why i have so much laundry
Bill: I might start to have that problem, depending on how much I use the AC in the apartment. My *intention* was to turn it off while I'm NY, but it was hot as balls in the apartment monday when I got home. Turning the AC on in the Living/Bedroom got it cool fairly quickly, but the Office is on the other side of the apartment from both AC's and gets full afternoon sun. The ACs can't cool it very quickly.
Aldus Larian (Jess): youll have to experiment to see what more cost effective. i dont have ac so i dont know if its cheaper to have it on all day or not.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): apparently the recommended temperature setting when you're not home is like 85 and then when you get home turn it down to 78 <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.energystar.gov/products/heating_cooling/programmable_thermostats
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996><:pew:543202259085950996><:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and 82 while you sleep
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: sure, if you're a hellspawn.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): well, this *is* recommendations from the federal government, so...
Bill: I originally wanted to get smart plugs to program the AC units but. They use a special type of plug so I dunno if I can get one.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my house has fan in the attic that will pump the heat own when it gets over 100 degrees 🎉
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah unless it's a standard plug, probably won't find a smart plug for it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): unless you rig of converter plugs to be able to plug it into a standard outlet which is *probably* frowned upon
Bill: Not looking to burn my apartment down ye
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): “i get home and change my pants almost immedietly most days” do you mean, just take everything off@
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I get home and it’s just a trail of clothes from the bedroom door to the bed
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i put cloths back on tho cuz i ussually have the front door open while i hang out in the living room
Nokri (Marisa): when i get home i'm home. shower and pajamas always.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah sometimes i do laundry and I’m like “what the fuck why am I washing so many pajama pants”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s cause I’ll wear pajama pants every time I get home
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I rewear work slacks a couple days as long as I don’t spill anything on them
Nokri (Marisa): ooo yeah that's what i do with pajamas. wear it a few days then swap it for another pair. but i'm weirdly picky with jeans, like "i was outside for 15 minutes in these yesterday and today i'm going to be inside so i can't wear them again"
El🆓de Faun (Tom): If I sweat in jeans they usually out otherwise it's like 3 wears
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I rewear pajamas a couple times too but never the same night in a row so I rotate them before washing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've gotten to a point of laziness where I just wear the same jeans all week
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mood
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm never going anywhere else so what's th epoint
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I will admit I smell test frequently
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but new shirt and underwear daily
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and socks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm weird about socks. I can wear the same pair all day but if I take them off before the end of the day and then need to put socks back on, I need clean socks
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wear the same pjs for a few days. most things i jusge by how much i sweat that day
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YEAH as soon as the socks come off, I can’t wear them again til they’re washed
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeah
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I never rewear shirts or underwear because those see the most sweat and stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): PJs are gym shorts and the day's t-shirt. I honestly go weeks before swapping out the shorts because I shower in the morning anyway
Aldus Larian (Jess): i sweat alot at night so i ussually only wear them for like 2-3 days
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I would wear the days T-shirt
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But I sweat like a fucker
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So yeah my laundry is usually predominantly socks, T-shirt’s, underwear
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh yeah I got sweaty feet usually so socks are a must
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Even sometimes if I'm goingnot later I use new socks, fucc that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Yeeee
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I usually get home, take off socks, put on new pair if I go somewhere, take off socks for sleep
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It’s probably wasteful but new socks is a good feeling
Nokri (Marisa): i remember getting new socks for christmas and it was astounding. who knew socks could be like that. all my others were threadbare and messed up but i didn't think it made a difference until i got new ones
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *makes note to get Marisa socks for Christmas...*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Marisa I’m sorry if you get all socks for Christmas but you’ve summoned the sock fairies with your words
Bill: * get all toe socks for christmas
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): FUCK
Nokri (Marisa): <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): it's cool today i'm rewearing my socks from yesterday and they're not so bad
Nokri (Marisa): only because i'm stayin at my sisters
Nokri (Marisa): one of my middle school teachers wouldnt wear socks o`n 1111111111111111111
Aldus Larian (Jess): kitty?
Aldus Larian (Jess): did kitty step on keyboard?
Nokri (Marisa): YEP
Nokri (Marisa): HE SURE DID
Aldus Larian (Jess): i knew it!
Nokri (Marisa): wouldn't wear socks on test days <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😮
Nokri (Marisa): because the sock fairies stole them. and the only way to get his socks back would be to get good grades
Aldus Larian (Jess): h-how is it only 4:45
Aldus Larian (Jess): RELEASE ME
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _dont you mean 16:45_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Sam always makes plans with me in military time
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Which is probably the only reason I have any familiarity with it
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao id show up at 6:45
Nokri (Marisa): i did the opposite!! i invited someone to a movie at 18:30 and showed up at 4:30 rip
Bill: > IBMer: "why doesn't the map show all 6 parts?"
> Me: "Because it maps 4q18 data, not 1q19 data."
> IBMer: "..."
> Me: "The code doesn't fix that."
> IBMer: "would you share the codes plz?"
> Me, knowing it involves a module that requires manual configuration, calls direct SQL, is scrappy and rough code, and uses advanced pandas manipulations to do the work: "...Sure."
Bill: https://tenor.com/view/flipping-off-flip-off-middle-finger-smile-happy-gif-4746862
