Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): owo?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Decidedly not interesting
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Though interesting if he feels the need to message me about it lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh wow
Aldus Larian (Jess): how many times will I get bothered to help with basics of powerpoint? its already been 3. place your bets
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): YIKES
Aldus Larian (Jess): but dont worry he "knows computers"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so future bro-in-law is trying to plan a bachelor party trip which means I have to take days off work
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have one (1) unused vacation day
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I also get two (2) personal days?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so I guess I could use my personal days since he plans on leaving Thursday night and coming back Monday...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I'm gonna have to shift hours so I can leave early Thursday to get down to Philly in time
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and it's in two weeks and I'm just like <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> 🙃
Aldus Larian (Jess): big oofs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and we're about to get very busy in the next two weeks
Aldus Larian (Jess): a whole weekend? damn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah he wants to fly out to Chattanooga
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and just do something. no real plan
Aldus Larian (Jess): i know more people are starting to have bachelor trips instead of just parties
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): thought about just sitting on a boat in a lake hanging out drinking and stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which sounds way better than work, but like...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): short notice
Aldus Larian (Jess): yeaaaaa
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and hectic planning trying to get days off
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like I'm sure I could take off but I'd feel guilty
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~which I shouldn't because fuck my job~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but still
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea no i getcha
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I might just have to tell him it's not gonna work for me 😦
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): which is upsetting because I really do want to hang out with him more
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but the wedding is in 7 weeks
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm also getting burnt out and I really need a weekend to myself. I've been so busy on weekends lately
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): oof mood
Aldus Larian (Jess): big mood
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Only 8 people comin to see ethan and Casey
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I can’t say turnout had me surprised
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): thats more than i expected
Dizzy: Biru says just tell him no already...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And hunter and reiley are only goin for Casey cause they HATE ethan
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~sorry fam~~
Bill: * 8 people who like Casey enough to put up with Ethan
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ya basically lmao
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): is hunter going?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Uhhhh he marked yes
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): ima ask cause he apparently is going to see endgame again with his brother at midnight
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): maybe hes just coming for dinner? idk
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Alright so we just gotta survive like 9-12 because otherwise we’re in dinner or at rocky
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _direct ethan contact has been limited_
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): **thank god**
Bill: 😏
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): hunter says hes comin for dinner but leaving before rocky
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): should I just aim to go directly to Chili's?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): honestly not sure of my ETA because I have to stop home and finish packing everything
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was a fool and woke up this morning to insufficient quantities of underwear for the weekend so I had to start laundry this morning
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Insufficient quantities of underwear, that’s an album title if I ever heard one right there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But yeah you might wanna do that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and then I accidentally put the jeans I was going to continue wearing today in my laundry so I had to wear shorts to work today lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): all my pants were in the laundry
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think Wawa fucked up my meatball sub because this is *definitely not* marinara sauce...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): OMG
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it was like, weird peppers and shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I took a few bits and was like *this does not taste normal*
Aldus Larian (Jess): why cant my boss understand that every time he interrupts me it kills productivity?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Have a voodoo doll and stab it every time he enters to prove your point
Aldus Larian (Jess): like i got back from lunch and got back in the groove of converting these 6 manuals from quark to indesign (which takes forever) and hes like "hey stop doing that and lets have a meeting right now"
Aldus Larian (Jess): like bittchhhh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ethan said to bring my guitar so he can show me stuff
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Do I actually tho
Aldus Larian (Jess): all these updates need to be done for like an $80,0000 order "asap" but he wants me to design 3 fucking post card mailers
Aldus Larian (Jess): you should def forget it
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oh no
Accidentally forget guitar
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do not
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oh God please no
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): by "show you stuff" he probably means "watch me play this death metal song and try to guess what it is"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Please dont subject yourself to Ethan " helping"
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea seriously, dont bring it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Ethan has already expressed to me that he will be "sloshed"
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And I just went...."...ok"
Aldus Larian (Jess): like upon arrival?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): great way to start a party someone threw for you
Bill: *you forced someone to throw for you
Bill: Oh man I was just thinking man today kinda dragged. But now I have the the fact I don't have to list to Ethan *talk* for 6 hours to comfort me.
Bill: bah. But I have laundry and packing a back to do.
Bill: I just wanna play minecraft all night.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): He asked me if I was excited and I said I have a headache thanks to the weather. And he said alcohol fixes everything and that he was gonna get sloshed
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Like... lmao... ok then
Aldus Larian (Jess): oof
Bill: <:5142_then_perish:554720548274569246> <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): if ethan asks why im not there just tell him it was too late of a night for me with the con in the morning and also allergies are kicking my ass.
Aldus Larian (Jess): not lies but ya know
Bill: hmmu
Bill: He won't ask.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): If he asks I'll be shocked
Bill: But do I care what his opinion of me is.
Bill: sigh, probably since he's involved with you lot I have to play nice.
Bill: are we doing anything for sure on Sunday?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Going home
Bill: <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): tom and i prob not gonna stay over
Bill: oh?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Depending how tired I am after cpac I might head home afterwards. I really need to finish arryns robe and I dont really have time during the week xD so Sunday is like prime work on costume day
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But I'm not 100% certain yet, just fair warning
Bill: So sunday isn't a hang out day, and saturday night could be a bust. Erik leaving in the morning and I could head home.
Bill: hmm.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Saturday night is mostly for people to not have to drive home late at night
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I won’t be offended if everyone leaves Saturday night anyways
Bill: Hmm. Then I don't really need to stay. Not that'd mind, for friendship and all that jazz. But don't really need to.
