Bill: Cool then. I gotta have dinner.
Nokri (Marisa): or does dinner gotta have you
Bill: The one on the left showed up in my memories feed on Facebook, other is from last month... Maybe it the glasses or light but that’s actually a pretty noticeable difference in face shape.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hard to see behind kitty
Bill: I kinda noticed it where my cheekbones/jaw would be but I am more familiar with my face than anyone else.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye, you look thinned out a bit! those glasses fit you better
Bill: ☺️
Aldus Larian (Jess): uterus owner problem time. my period is due in 4 days so I'm bloated and feel like i weigh 500 lbs but also im extremely hungry and it is a vicious cycle
Aldus Larian (Jess): toms been playing tech support for his family on the phone for the past like 2 hrs someone save him
Bill: Oh god.
Bill: <:f_respect:575713016297947157>
Nokri (Marisa): have they tried turning it off and on again
Aldus Larian (Jess): he prob gonna have to go over there i think. they are trying to set up security cameras
Nokri (Marisa): ooo what brand are they? we have three on our house and like... 7 or so at the office i can't remember
Aldus Larian (Jess): also his sisters boyfriend email account got hacked so they were asking if he had advice on how to get it back. oh i have no idea lol
Nokri (Marisa): hack it back
Nokri (Marisa): now y'all
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): i guess her bfs xbox account was hooked to her debit card so all her mons got stolen 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): i feel bad for her
Nokri (Marisa): OH NO AAAAAA
Nokri (Marisa): that sucks
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea D:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Tom really getting into character as 707 tonight huh
Bill: You’re mistaken if you think 707 is ever willing to do tech support.
Aldus Larian (Jess): seven doesnt have to do tech support for his family because the only family he has can do his own tech support <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus Larian (Jess): i bet he does tech support for the rfa 🤔
Bill: Nah fam doing tech support is the worst for techies.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea but he loves dem
Nokri (Marisa): tech support for zen would be breaking in and throwing his ancient computer out the window
tech support for yoosung was downloading lolol and starting his addiction
Aldus Larian (Jess): tech support for jumin is "ill do fix your shit if u let me touch elly"
Bill: Volunteering to fix someone’s computer is a special level of love.
Aldus Larian (Jess): well i was assuming they *asked*
Nokri (Marisa): yeah seven would probably do it if they asked
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Jumin, if he knew how to use a computer, would just buy a new computer ifsomething wasn't working
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMAO TRUE
Aldus Larian (Jess): he already has them on back up actually
Bill: Accepting that ask is true love fam.
Aldus Larian (Jess): he. love. dem.
Bill: Oh I don't doubt that part.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's like Squidward with his backup alarm clocks except it's a walk-in closet full of new computers, each one with its own lifetime warranty and insurance plan
Aldus Larian (Jess): he yeets the old ones out the window
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 12:30 bad mood time 😤 😤
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Gotta do something for my parents tomorrow and I *have* to call my dad after wards which means either 5 minutes or 2 hour phone call after helping them
El🆓de Faun (Tom): After already talking to him for an hour today 😪
El🆓de Faun (Tom): And I'm really salty about it
El🆓de Faun (Tom): And playing online fighting games with bad connection isn't helping <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's rough dude. I'm sorry 😕
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Pretty proud of this clap back
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmaooo this dude come into your post to call you cringy and you're the toxic one? Oh ok.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Good clap back
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wtf?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Did u see the rest babe? This dude been bugging Erik since yesterday
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Oh no I didnt
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I somehow missed it
Aldus Larian (Jess): It's on his tia yang and Raven tik tok on insta this guya a dick
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Mr Noah
El🆓de Faun (Tom): If that is your real name
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): desecrating the name of Noah
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA wtf
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in other news, I still haven't started any work yet
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and the stuff I'm supposed to be working on, if I really set my mind to it, could probably be done in about an hour
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really hate myself sometimes 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Update: he blocked me xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT lmfaooo
Aldus Larian (Jess): he ran a meme account full of stolen content i dont even know why he thinks is opinion matters at all
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wow lmao
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ok we may not like Scott
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): But “go back to reddit sad boi” is my new favorite insult
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): HOW THE FUCK DO YOU HAVE A SECOND ONE THO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:itisamystery:601092590368063523>
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT
El🆓de Faun (Tom): LMAO WHAT
El🆓de Faun (Tom): You can't make cosplays tiktoks if your white what you doing
Aldus Larian (Jess): SOMEONE IS PEEING WITH THE DOOR OPEN WHY
Nokri (Marisa): they crave death
Aldus Larian (Jess): THEY PEED FOR LIKE A WHOLE MINUTE
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Dave?
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah an instructor here for training
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ahhhhh
Aldus Larian (Jess): CLOSE THE DOOR AHHH
Aldus Larian (Jess): its dead silent in here
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I mean Dave Cruz btw
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOO
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Dave said I shouldclarify
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i thought u meant dave that works here and could be peeing here
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Not cuz door open but length
Aldus Larian (Jess): OOO
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Bamboozled
El🆓de Faun (Tom): This is why clarification is important sometimes <:Shooketh_Honda_San:605590718026874901>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://youtu.be/NaKBQWLRJqw
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *That was some good peeing*
Nokri (Marisa): you're all banned
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok i know im pretty hard of hearing but my cowoker makes me repeat literally everything i say to him
Aldus Larian (Jess): its like not even worth trying to talk to him cuz he just goes "HUH?!" to everything
El🆓de Faun (Tom): HUH
Aldus Larian (Jess): HUH?!
Nokri (Marisa): HUH!?
Aldus Larian (Jess): i stole a piece fo bread from the lunch table i hope i dont get yelled at
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *isn't that how Les Mis started*
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Story time I know absolutely nothing about Les mis
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Like not a damn thing
Aldus Larian (Jess): me neither
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Other than theater kids love it
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): High Jackman is imprisoned for stealing bread
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHOO
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats me!
Aldus Larian (Jess): my boss just called and was really nice to me? and thanked me like 5 times wtf
Bill: maybe he's dying.
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:rapid:607237006539489310>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm really tired of this job right now. For weeks I've been doing nothing but quoting and even though it's not difficult, it's just incredibly monotonous and repetitive and I'm actually losing my mind
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We have an opportunity to bid on quoting for a pretty big company and whenever these things happen there's like dozens of assemblies they want us to do
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and by "us" I mean me and the annoying girl that handles materials
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): two (2) people
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): doing the work most companies would probably have an entire team for
Nokri (Marisa): isn't all work usually monotonous and repetitive
ooo that stinks. time to challenge your boss to a duel
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): plus we have quotes from other customers that keep coming in and new one-shot orders for dozens of new assemblies that *all* need First Article reports
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): so it's been literally nothing but goddamn paperwork for months
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm exhausted
Bill: Not all work is.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just from the overwhelming amount we've been getting in. like, I fuck around a lot which is why it doesn't get done quicker, but I can't focus for 8 hours a day, 5 days a week doing the same bullshit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and I really hope we *don't* win this bid for this company because their annual usage is far more than we are capable of doing
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and my boss doesn't really understand that
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): one of the assemblies, their annual usage was about 73,000 units
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *for one assembly*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my boss even did the math
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): guesstimated 5 minutes to assemble each
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 73,000 / 5 minutes = 365,000 minutes
365,000 minutes  / 60 = 6083.33 hours
6083.33  hours / 40 = 152.083 weeks
152.083 weeks / 3 = 50.694 weeks for a team of 3 people making these
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that's like an entire year making the same thing for 3 people
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we only have like a dozen people on the floor
Nokri (Marisa): ah, ez peasy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): my boss is a fucking idiot and keeps dreaming of expanding the business without expanding our shop
Nokri (Marisa): that's only 95% of a year! you'll still have the other 5% for bathroom breaks!
Nokri (Marisa): if you're allowed those
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wasnt when i worked at kolmar <:pew:543202259085950996>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I swear if we end up getting the bid and we get the first order and it's like 5000 pieces I'm fucking walking out
Nokri (Marisa): but 4999 is ok right
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 4999 is the limit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I appreciate you trying to use humor to defuse my frustration, but it's not really working 😔
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yeah you need a bigger assembly shop for sure yo
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Thatscrazy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): after CCE and the big move™ I need to get back to looking for a new job. I'm tired of working here
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I wanted to be out of here 2 years ago
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Yee once your all settled in
Bill: Yeah get out don’t stick around to see if he’ll fix it.
Bill: I haven’t heard you list any benefits to being there that make it worth staying.
Bill: Like I get frustrated with work things, but I like the office environment enough to balance it out.
Bill: You’ve got none of the good and all the bad.
Bill: I just hope you aren’t hamstrung by your new lease. It would suck if there was a great job outside your commute radius.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the only benefit is that I get money
Bill: All jobs get you money.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): exactly <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: Money is only a downside if you’re getting less.
Nokri (Marisa): money is never a downside
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but my struggle is that the jobs that are out there all require 10+ years of experience in very specific disciplines of mechanical engineering so it's not as easy to just shift
Bill: Money is only a downside when comparing jobs, if your getting less.
Bill: You apply anyway don’t you?
Nokri (Marisa): i think you underestimate money
if i had the ability to be a stripper or pornstar i would if it meant money
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): usually not because they usually have the pre-application filter questions asking if you have the experience and if you say "no" I'm assuming they get immediately filtered out
Nokri (Marisa): some people sacrifice money for a better job but barely anyone can do that
Bill: They’re asking impossible requirements, which means they aren’t. Actually getting applicants that meet those standards.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and if you say "yes" then you're lying
Bill: Marisa you are taking me way out of context.
Bill: If you get paid 12 dollars an hour at job that is better suited to you than the 15 you get now, when comparing those two jobs the money is the downside.
Bill: Because you are getting less.
Nokri (Marisa): if a person is financially stable enough, they would take the lower paying job temporarily to improve their mental condition
Nokri (Marisa): but very few people are
Bill: That is an option for some people yes, but it’s entirely besides my point.
Nokri (Marisa): then what the point
Bill: That 12 dollars an hour. Is a downside. When comparing to a job. Where you get 15.
Bill: That’s it.
Nokri (Marisa): so you want him to stay in a job that he loathes as long as he gets more money
that's the reality i'm talking about
Nokri (Marisa): i think you're changing the topic of the conversation
Bill: Did I even once, say that I wanted him to choose either option?
Nokri (Marisa): it was never about money being a downside, we were talking about erik
Bill: No I said “Money is only a downside if you’re getting less.”

To which you replied, “money is never a downside” 

That’s the exchange I’m trying to explain better because you said I “underestimate money” and that’s not what I’m saying at all. I’m not underestimating money, I’m simply stating that when comparing two rates of pay, taking a job that lowers your pay is a bad thing. For that singular comparison. Between pay rates. There are other factors in taking a job. You have to weight ALL of those factors. I was not implying it was the only factor.
Nokri (Marisa): idk i just get money wherever i can. i have 3 jobs (if you count making stuff for the shop every day as a job) and pay is never consistent, so money is just a need that must be obtained no matter how much. more money is obviously good but i don't see less money as a downside
Nokri (Marisa): as long as that 'downside' also comes with perks. it's like you're paying money for a better job if you get paid less to do that job
Aldus Larian (Jess): money like always a plus but the more you can get is like a bigger plus
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH exactly!
Bill: That’s how you weight the factors. Everyone puts different weights on different parts of the job.
Aldus Larian (Jess): likw 12 and hr = benefits would be better than 15 without and stuff like that
Bill: Like, I expect having non routine work is important to Erik.
Nokri (Marisa): benefits would be fantastic
Nokri (Marisa): capitalism sucks
Bill: Reccetear would disagree.
Nokri (Marisa): the whole plot of that game and the protagonist starting a shop is because they're in massive debt
Nokri (Marisa): capitalism is the enemy
Bill: CaPiTaLiSm HoO
Bill: Recette is adorable.
Bill: Just have to pack clothes.
Bill: So close.
Nokri (Marisa): big rant not directed at anyone i'm just angry with capitalism

it's not really a laughing matter when you can't pay to go to the dentist, so you wait and your tooth gets worse and worse and rots and winds up being exponentially more expensive than it would have been if you went when it first started hurting

my mother didn't go to the hospital for days after she broke her toe because we couldn't afford it, and over 2 months later her foot is still immensely swollen. we couldn't pay to get our car fixed when it started leaking antifreeze and now we're paying more because we have to buy 2 gallons of it a day to keep the car running. sometimes our internet or electricity gets shut off and we have to call the company up and beg for a new payment plan. our roof leaks on the top floor and the ceiling leaks on the kitchen floor, everything in our house that emits water leaks in one way or another and even when you lug three bucketfulls of water over to the toilet to manually flush it multiple times, it still doesn't flush fully and makes everything smelly. luckily i haven't gotten hit by a nail falling off the ceiling yet but i find them on my bed and around the floor. i could maybe get better paying jobs if we had another car, but the one we do have that excessively overheats every 15 minutes is in use all day so i'm stuck working primarily from home

i hope you'll excuse me if i wish for a world where capitalism was a little nicer for people, even if i know other forms of economy only lead to ruin.
Nokri (Marisa): i was lucky and we were able to live in a motel for a week until our savings ran out and we had to start couch surfing when we were homeless, but living in a hotel really sucks a lot. it's not luxurious at all like movies and tv can make it out to be
Nokri (Marisa): and are so, so many of millions of people worse off
Nokri (Marisa): tldr it's expensive to be poor
Nokri (Marisa): erik feel free to come back anytime i'm sorry the topic was diverted
Aldus Larian (Jess): na thats valid i get mad about it too

capitalism to the extent we have in this country is outrageous and only works to keep the down down the up up. Most people in this country wont move from the social bracket they are born in because the system is impossible to defy. or if you are born into a higher 'bracket" and fall its near impossible to climb back up.
Aldus Larian (Jess): and yea, its expensive af to be poor
Nokri (Marisa): ye, we need more restrictions on the capitalism in this country. more moderation. we used to have money but the divorce financially ruined us and ever since we've fallen it's been impossible to return
Nokri (Marisa): i was super lucky that good grades got me scholarships and loans but not so lucky now that i'll be dead before i can pay them back <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm trying to think of something to say to respond but I don't know what to say but I just want to give Marisa a hug
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I really hope your everything improves one day ❤
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but yeah capitalism sucks
Nokri (Marisa): nooo u!!!! i'm fine with monotonous work but i know that can really mess a person's brain up, and you guys are way overworked. we gotta get you 10 years of experience stat
Nokri (Marisa): ~~your boss dies in a mysterious accident and in their will leaves the entire company to you...~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~im not overworked, most of the time i do nothing i just have to ready to rush when my boss neads something done rightway, id like to think it somewhat balances out~~
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's an anime plot if I ever heard one
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~that would be even worse than continuing to work here~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oof there's a company that I first applied to my senior year of college which designs stages for live events (concerts, musicals, etc...)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): looked really cool to work for because I love concerts and plays and stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I see this same job listing pop up every so often so the turnover rate must be incredibly high
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just saw the same listing pop up again
Nokri (Marisa): oof they might make new hires go out in the middle of the hot sun to build the physical designs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and from what I read in reviews, working there sucks as well
Nokri (Marisa): dang, my backup job is no longer hiring
https://jobs.gaijinpot.com/job/details/127848/en/food-and-beverage/international-maid-cafe/
Nokri (Marisa): mcdonalds is offering 3k a year. nice.
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's like.... One day a week of work at the counties lowest minimum wage
Aldus Larian (Jess): Almost
Nokri (Marisa): ~~where can i work for 3k a day <:lenny:395307171539189760>~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'll take 3k a month
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's 18.75 an hour wowie that would be nice
Nokri (Marisa): omg sign me up
Nokri (Marisa): i think the max i made in a month is when i was working 10am-7pm in summer with no paid breaks or commute reimbursements at a location 2 hours away from my apartment last year and it absolutely sucked and i got $1050 for a month
Nokri (Marisa): 6 days a week eyy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what the fuck 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): fuck capitalism yo
Nokri (Marisa): i usually stayed until 8pm so i could write decent notes for all of the students i had that day and then i got groped on the train heading home. fun times.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Holy shit D:
Aldus Larian (Jess): We're you salary.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😭
Nokri (Marisa): no, contractor position. i was supposed to get a bonus too because of the summer time, but it only applied to lessons at peak times on weekends
Nokri (Marisa): so i got an extra dollar for those
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ahhhh
Nokri (Marisa): ~~i feel like they didn't apply that though hmmMM~~
Nokri (Marisa): and i never got my $30 compensation for going to 3 days of unpaid training. that came with a free lunch though.
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's like $4.37 an hour
Nokri (Marisa): and these people are paying $100 for 4 lessons <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): each lesson was 40 minutes but i had to take a lesson off here and there so i could drink some water and use the bathroom, because otherwise there was absolutely no time to do that in between lessons
Nokri (Marisa): if i remember correctly i'd do them in chunks of 3 and 5
Nokri (Marisa): or whatever added up to however long i was there for
Nokri (Marisa): and if a didn't book any lessons then we sat there and did nothing while waiting for the next lesson, but we had to be in our booth and ready to teach at all times because a student might suddenly come in last minute. i've had that happen a few times where i was stuffing tiny chocolates in my face and got a surprise lesson that caught me off guard. if they didn't show up we had to sit and wait for them to arrive. if they cancelled the lesson, we had to grade or write letters for the company.

unbooked lessons and cancelled lessons were all unpaid time
Nokri (Marisa): jobs are fun
Aldus Larian (Jess): My job is suddenly not so bad
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): OwO
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao my bosses birthday is tomorrow and my coworker accidentally signed his card with a heart and was like "fuck"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I should have gone into another career field. fuck engineering
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea... i feel similarly.
Aldus Larian (Jess): not with engineering obviously but
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _dont say that Erik, most physicists get yeeted into engineering_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Tho that government work... I’m eyeing that shot
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Someone I know is making 6 figs at the department of defense
Nokri (Marisa): All my professors told me to go into government work, it’s competitive but has good benefits
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ye and promotions are time based, not performance based
Nokri (Marisa): Ooo ye. My sister got a job with the NJ transit authority and since she just started a few months ago, she has to work nights and gets home at like 5am. She said she’ll get better hours when a position opens up after everyone who was hired before her gets a better position
