Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Hewwo friends I need to power through just two more hours of studying tonight, plz give hearts for encouragement
Aldus Larian (Jess): ♥️❤️💛💜💕💞💖🖤💗💙💚🧡
Bill: Much love.
Aldus Larian (Jess): You. Can. Do. It. <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Or. Take a break since you’re feeling burnt.
Bill: Walk around the building.
Bill: Go ~~get coffee~~ find. Something drinkable.
Bill: Can’t tell you the number of times I solved something I was stumped on walking across the parking lot to my car.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m not stumped it’s just tedious but necessary
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And I’m not burnt, I just don’t wanna do it lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): So looked at other apartment today. It's nice, but the rent doesn't include any utilities
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Nokri (Marisa): i thought that was one of those "help me budget" memes and first thought was "spend less on rent"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ha lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Does only the one have a pool?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): they both have pool
Aldus Larian (Jess): As you can see *I* have me priorities in order
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn that's a big difference non electric
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): first one is all gas heating/water/cooking
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): second is all electric
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh gotcha
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and the utility payments are based on their maximum estimates
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes good idea
Aldus Larian (Jess): Which one did you *feel* better about
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the first one
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the lady I met with today was kind of awkward... like when I mentioned I'm new to this, the guy yesterday was so helpful and gave me tips and was like "wherever you go whether it's with us or not, look for these things"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): last today was like "Oh nice"
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh yea that's so good
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Ooooh Leanna snow was a mistake
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yes
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yes I know
Nokri (Marisa): she knows the maymays
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Everytime she talks I cringe
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I do not think she’s gonna pull this off 😂
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I'm just sitting here watching her and hunter interact like... "how do I kick you put without being a dick"
Bill: Is there something that’s making her particularly annoying or...?
Bill: I mean she is, don’t get me wrong.
Bill: But I’m not registering anything above and beyond my usual aversion to her.
Nokri (Marisa): imo she's trying to be cool and memey but it's just coming off as cringe and trying to hard
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): HUNTER PRINT ME 10 DAGGERS. HUNTER PRINT ME MY WHOLE COSTUME
Nokri (Marisa): oooooooo i missed that omg really
Bill: Ye that
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): HUNTER PRINT ME A GAUNTLET I CAN CRAWL INTO
Bill: I commented on that the other day she uh. Is using him.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Clearly
Bill: Poor hunter.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She is... how the French say... Being a Bîtch
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ™
Bill: She always waaaas a bitch tho.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Extra
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And like we’re all taking our cosplays pretty seriously and she’s like CAN I BE A THANOS THOT
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): like yoooo.....
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Not even thanos thot ... specifically drag thanos
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Like.....mmmm ok... whatever just FUCKING make the costume and dont flake out
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And not ask hunter to make it for you
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Ndbdbdhhdhd
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like if she's going to do this cosplay, I hope she takes it seriously. Every time she speaks it sounds like she wants to meme, which like, isn't necessarily bad, but like, I at least was hoping this would be a serious group.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like obviously we can meme
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But when she was like I'LL COSPLAY THE GAUNTLET I was like <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Bill: ~~at the size it’s at serious is somewhat out of the question~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _if this were not serious I’d cosplay korg_
Nokri (Marisa): serious can still be done
maybe people are misinterpreting others who are joking around, and taking the jokes seriously
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Both it's really not
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): No*
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): They had that 90 person serious marvel meetup
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And the photos were incredible
Bill: You can keep the core group serious.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *maybe if we all go quiet, the group will die like Snow's Marvel group she planned to do for last Katsu*
Bill: ZING
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Nokri (Marisa): 20+ character groups i've been in in the past have been serious
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): She probably only wanted to join because hunter told her my group is going better than hers did
Bill: ZING
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ugh
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:dva_salt:365521119534645254>
Nokri (Marisa): i hope it doesn't turn out like our dangan group that lost all but 5 at the last minute
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Can we get that exasperated smoking emoji in here?
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I mean I'm gonna do check ins to make sure people stick with it
Bill: Alright this might help. Why don’t you put together the full roster, and say “we want all these characters from the MCU” and if you aren’t on that list, you can do it. That may help eliminate talk of joke and meme cosplays.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Otherwise it's fair game to replace them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): So start saying no duplicates?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): That's a good idea
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea, like I'm not against duplicates but I'd rather this be a serious group and not a " meetup"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ^
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Agreed
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And to do that duplicates kinda need to not be a thing
Bill: Not no duplicates. Make a list of all the serious valid characters you could cosplay rather than “the gauntlet”.
Bill: Should set the tone a bit.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): They have to ask me first. Snow is doing thanos not the gauntlet
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And I'm going to make an announcement in a couple weeks about doing check ins and that I'd they cant do the group to give me ample notice so I can find a replacement
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): We're talking about being serious and snow literally just asks if she *has* to be serious 😂😭
Bill: The idea is mostly to express “look at this serious goal we’re going to try and reach” in a way that’s not “stop being a thot snow”.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I have no emotional connection to snow and have no desire to be her friend, and I will not hesitate to kick her out if she causes issues or doesnt get the costume done
Aldus Larian (Jess): Y'all this group sounds like a mess.
Also know that I only haven't committed yet because I want to make sure I will not flake on y'all
Bill: ~~and you want to avoid the mess?~~
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I mean it's not a mess, the mess is hunter and snow
Bill: Leanna my friend, any of us would be happy to boot Snow.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Everyone else is fine
Nokri (Marisa): she can't be booted without a reason though, that'll cause unnecessary drama
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Anna is overly excited, but that's just how she is lol
Bill: Yeah honestly it’s not so bad. The biggest issues is Anna, in her undying enthusiasm, has riled up everyone up which just needs to be tempered and Hunter and Snow are self serving per usual.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But the only 2 people who are being annoying, of course, are hunter and snow
Bill: Nothing else is problematic.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And hunter would be less annoying without snow
Bill: It’s far off to start any management of the group too, so right now it’s kinda in pre crunch hype mood.
Nokri (Marisa): is hunter really leaving :0
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): But honestly the rest of the people are really good and cooperative
Bill: Leaving? No.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Probably not lmao
Nokri (Marisa): <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): i worry my costume won't be as serious as everyone else because it's not gonna be a fursuit, it's gonna be more anthro. is that a problem?
Bill: Nah. That fine.
Bill: By being Genderbend it’s already non canon like.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Yea dont worry about that
Bill: It’s the difference between cosplay thanos as a woman... and Thanos in a sailor scout uniform.
Nokri (Marisa): ooo ya
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah rocket I think people assumed you'd be anthro
Nokri (Marisa): it'd be cool if we got a drax
Elfriede Faun (Tom): DRAX YE
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Everyone fighting tactically and carefully
Bill: “I would not be cool if I was there”
Elfriede Faun (Tom): DRAX on the back of the biggest monster
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Just stabbing the same sspot
Bill: “My body temperature has nothing to do with your photos”
Elfriede Faun (Tom): He has one power in the show if I recall
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Or 2
Elfriede Faun (Tom): He's really strong
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And he's basically like cage
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Actually now I gotta see drax vs luke cage. A good fight
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It would never end
Bill: Basically kiri versus tetsutetsu.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YEAH
Elfriede Faun (Tom): In the manga(lol) Drax has Lazer vision and telepathy but
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Never mind that
Nokri (Marisa): manga drax <:woah:543194447345876998>
Bill: Hahahaaaa
Bill: Y’all want an armored iron man don’t cha?
Bill: 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:ishetho:573830887485997097>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): .... on second though Jamie's female Tony is fine
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 👌
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): LMAOOOOO
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): 😬
Bill: Nyahahahaaaa
Bill: Talk about timing tho.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Oof
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah seriously
Aldus Larian (Jess): *narrow eyes*
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Meg's actually decent with that stuff, if she did do it,it'd prob be good butttt .. is it worth it
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:ishetho:573830887485997097>
Bill: Hey, maybe she wanted to join the group the whole time. <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): <:ishetho:573830887485997097>
Bill: But yes that would get. Complicated.
Bill: Especially since it would make Snow 120% more annoying.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Ugh
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I was about to say I could biased aside for cosplay but COULD I THO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oh god snow would get so much worse
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Shes so annoying as is but if we added meg it would be 3x that
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): She’s so far up megs you know what we might as well call her hal
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): I dont think I could handle it
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Bxhdhdhhd
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Gdgdvdvvdbsjakdgdg
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Gsgdghdjskkdldldlldlskdhdhdhjdkdkdkdkdk I'm FUCKING CACKLING
Bill: To her credit, Meg isn’t a discord person. Meg would less be the problem so much as Snow constantly trying to Hancock her head up Meg’s ass.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): :3c
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): On Asgard we call that a burn
Bill: Gah everything on my todo list is either indoors, requires other humans, or impossible to do short notice. Getting a haircut was supposed to be my “actual human thing” for today; since I couldn’t get an appointment now I’m having one of those days where I have no reason to leave the house and I don’t wanna be inside. =T
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): same bill
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): idk what to do with myself but i know i need to finish blakes robe. i just don't feel like working on it bc its so nice out and im trying to find things to do outside
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Could just go for a walk for a bit?
Bill: Oof and be alone with my thoughts?
Bill: Pass.
Bill: I think. Imma go get a fancy (read, diner) brunch, come back, and see if I can crank out mad photos.
Bill: I thought of going to an arborium but tbh the flowers aren’t going to be as interesting as bringing people with me to photograph in the flowers.
Bill: NEVERMIND the wind felt really good in my hair so imma drive west somewhere with my camera and see what happens!
Bill: Pulling a V see you at the party!
Nokri (Marisa): wow can't believe biru is going awol for 2 years
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh yikes, found my whiteboard from college that still has gross lovey dovey things my ex wrote in there from 3 years ago 😬
Bill: Ive already given myself adjeda walking along the side of the road to get a view of a bridge and all the state property signs there!
Bill: Hello everyone.
Bill: Wow it sure has been awhile.
Bill: No one found the bomb I planted at Tom and Jess’s apartment right?
Bill: I’m somewhere in PA and already bored...
Bill: Photographing landscapes isn’t very interesting and that’s all I see out here.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Have you lost it
Bill: The bomb? Yes.
Bill: I mean no.
Bill: I wanted to have lost it but this is making it painfully obvious I know exactly what I want to photograph and there’s no substitute.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): people?
Bill: Yeah. People I like particularly, cause street photography doesn’t intrigue me much.
Bill: So I’ve learned it photographing things I like that make photography a passion, not the act of taking photos.
Bill: I’m twenty minute from Kalahari tho.
Bill: Awww. No massage openings. Not that I was in the mood for one.
Bill: Guess I’ll turn around.
Bill: Adventure is more fun with friends friends! *Wheres my MC at we gotta go find Saeran probably*
Bill: ~~I’m driving really fast in my orange trip sport suv so I totes feel the 707 vibe~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): Seven only has sports cars
Bill: Seven also has a girlfriend, lover, partner and good looks too~ 🎶 Still close enough to feel the Seven vibes.
Bill: Sorry, you probably didn’t mean that as I read it “you know you aren’t actually Seven cause sports cars”.
Bill: I keep thinking I’d like doing today as a date and it’s tanking the mood.
Bill: Meatloaf good weather and open windows is a pretty good pick up tho.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): a date for ya self
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): the best of dates
Bill: Those got old in college.
Bill: I treat myself all the time. I want to share that with someone.
Bill: oh no. The secret endings ~~and this~~ have made me a sad again.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Going outside comes with a cost
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): A 40 year old man just talked me up for 15 mins
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And gave me his number on a receipt
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And told me
