Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Hey @everyone today marks the beginning of suicide prevention week. I know some of you struggle with depression, anxiety, and other mental health issues and some of you may have had suicidal thoughts and stuff. I just want to let y'all know I love you all and if you need someone to talk to, feel free to slide into my DMs 🧡
Atalantia Enneka (Allison): As someone who works heavily in an office that supports mental health and healthy campus Initiatives in general I love this, and would also like to let you all know that Im also always available if anyone needs it (even tho many of you don't know me well)
Nokri (Marisa): Disclaimer that what I’m about to write does not apply to everybody and will not pertain to 100% of all cases. I’m also hesitant to write this in case any of you are considering suicide and use this as a guide to avoid being noticed. Don’t do that.
Sources: 4 years of sociology classes (suicide’s a big topic in sociology), my own depression and attempts at suicide
Nokri (Marisa): To start, the graphic above is helpful but it also only lists the most obvious signs of suicide. You want to watch for people who are sad for an extended period of time suddenly acting happier, without a transition period from sad to happy in between. People will act happier because they have a solid plan set in motion to end their life, and their suffering will end soon.
Educated people in upper classes are more prone to suicide because they overthink things compared to lower economic classes and turn to suicide as a result of their own critical thinking skills backfiring, and lack of adequate problem solving skills when it comes to being in a rut.
Suicidal people don’t *want* to die like people want to adopt a puppy. Rather, death is the most appealing and in many cases the only option they have for their problems. Depression dulls and often nulls your senses and emotions so any instinct of self-preservation or pain avoidance goes away. Death happens to everyone eventually and people who are depressed have no self worth, so they believe they’d be better off dead. Or they know their situation won’t improve because they don’t have any other options, and choose death over prolonged suffering and anguish.
We don’t want to bother people or annoy them or make things worse, because suicidal people have been turned away every other time they asked for help or tried to voice their concerns. There comes a point where suicidal people will stop searching for help and accept that nothing can be done. They’ll act that everything is ok so people don’t worry (as other people worrying also just leads to stress) and conceal their depression so people don’t bother them.
Nokri (Marisa): Many people who seek to ‘help’ suicidal people are just doing it for self-gratification, or don’t know the proper ways to deal with it. Everyone needs help in a different way. Suicidal people need something to live for, so giving them a prolonged task like looking over a pet can make all the differences. Promises can easily be broken by both sides, and so don’t hold much weight. Case in point, the worker who killed himself last week after promising several of our coworkers he wouldn’t. A promise is just empty words that won’t matter once the suicidal person is dead, and can make the healthy person in this scenario seem selfish. Sometimes selfishness is necessary, sometimes it makes everything much worse. Really depends on the scenario. 

People might not want to reach out for a ton of reasons. People start bothering/pestering them, they feel like they’re bothering/pestering other people, they feel ashamed of themselves, they don’t realize how severe their illness is, and so on and so on. Calling the police or sending them to a hospital can only make things worse. The police are apathetic and hospitals monitor you 24/7 in a public space where you can’t have any personal items (no phones or chargers or games) because you might hurt yourself with it. If someone is suicidal, there’s really nothing stopping them. It’s so easy to die. There are countless painful and painless methods that everybody can access at any time. My attempt was various bug sprays, bug killers, and cleaning supplies. Pinpointing the right time to die is the tricky part, because a person’s emotions have to line up with their preferred method, and that’s when support groups have to pay the most attention. Starting or ending a job/school/regular routine is the most frequent time people commit suicide. Any time there’s a significant change in their routine or environment. It can also be caused by biological means, like my current condition.
Nokri (Marisa): I’m just rambling now I’m sorry. But the best way to learn how to help is to look at specific cases and trends. And remember that to every person, their experiences are the most important things in their life. A simple Friday inconvenience for one person could be the most devastating thing ever to happen to another person. Try to see things from their perspective.
Nokri (Marisa): sorry it's long, pointless, and self-indulgent but happy suicide awareness month
Bill: Well spoken. I’m glad you did share. 

You switched to “we” rather than referring to suicidal people as a whole when saying “don’t want to bother or annoy people or make things worse”. I hope that’s just a typo. The only thing that would be a bother me with you talking to me (its a serious topic so I don’t want to speak for others but I know they agree) about your condition is not doing so. I don’t pretend I know how to handle it, or the right things to say and do... but I at the very least, can make sure you aren’t alone? I know that’s a strange sentiment but words aren’t my strong suit.
Nokri (Marisa): i've been depressed and suicidal since before you've met me lol it's just life
Nokri (Marisa): worry about other people
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't think it's a typo, but we aren't here to scold Marisa for thoughts she can't control.
Bill: It’s... not a scolding. I’m telling Marisa I care.
Bill: Clearly words are truly not my strong point.
Nokri (Marisa): i don't wanna make this about me i wanted to help others <:f_respect:575713016297947157>
Bill: That’s my fault. It was very educational.
Bill: Thanks for sharing.
Bill: ... Why is the assumption that'd be scolding anywhere. Is there just an unspoken assumption to read my voice in a nasty tone? There's nothing to even be scolded for.
Nokri (Marisa): I think it's a combination of the incredibly direct speech, the proper grammar, the emphasis on calling out how i included myself with depressed people, and the lack of  any emotive indicators that make it seem scold-y, especially the beginning, not so much the latter part.
Bill: You and Jess both told me earlier than I’m hard to understand at times, so I thought direct and concise is what you want... I always use proper grammar as a person, certainly in a serious thought involving someone’s issues... I wasn’t calling it out either, I pay attention to what you say, because I care about what you do tell us, and stating what I read explains why I’m commenting at all, to be more clear... and I’m sorry, I don’t really feel 😂 face in a discussion about suicide. 

I don’t want you to feel scolded, I’m just trying to talk to you. Hopefully you can believe I didn’t mean to be scolding, Jess, Marisa. 

 It just. Feels like I don’t know how to talk to everyone anymore. Whatever I do doesn’t work and I’m not understood. 😥 

Anyway I need to go help dad move stuff, I didn’t want to leave your response hanging Marisa. Ttyl
Aldus Larian (Jess): Maybe scolding wasn't the right word. Parental? Maybe?
Nokri (Marisa): 😭 💗 
It's so much better when you use emoji though!!! AND TTYL!!!!! you just got 50x more cooler i imagine you're wearing at least 3 pairs of sunglasses and an infinity scarf
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like it was mostly the the "I hope that's a typo part" it made me think of when parents are like "I hope you're not doing what I think you're doing" I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make *you* feel scolded
Aldus Larian (Jess): I also feel like we've gotten majorly derailed. I'm sorry Erik.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Sorry for late response. Just got around to reading. Thank you for sharing <@301927856240459777> that was very insightful and a lot of things I was never aware of. So thank you and I hope you had a relatively ok day today 💕
Bill: Apology accepted... I’ve just felt that way (about not being understood) for awhile and this had me bring it up.
