Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Customer: "Since these assemblies are simple in design, can you expedite them?"
Me: "That's....... not how this works........"
Aldus Larian (Jess): FOOL
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Should reply and be like "Yeah, but the price is going to double"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and their MRP system is apparently really fucky so they can't just change a price on a purchase order.If any price adjustments need to be made, we have to add them into the shipping cost and hope they change the price for the future
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): OH
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and they also just submitted a PO for products we haven't quoted in like a year and they changed the design without telling us 🙃
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh wait, I just quoted them... whoops
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh I already changed the BOMs 3 weeks ago. Forgot I did that. Go past Erik!
Bill: Sometimes I feel like you're more of a sales rep than...
Bill: Alright maybe I just don't know what you do exactly but XD
Bill: you put up with a lot of shit.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Engineering/Quality Assurance/Customer Service/Internal Auditor
Bill: Erik:
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yup
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's basically three of us running this company other than the owners
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): enginerring, purchasing, and customer service
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and our purchasing girl (the annoying one that always bugs me) decided she doesn't want to do it anymore and just go back to the shop floor to do assembly stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): *allegedly* my boss is going to hire someone new but I won't be at all surprised if that just falls onto my plate as well
Bill: How large is your company?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): like 20 people total
Bill: I wonder if that's a small company thing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): it is <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): everyone here is constantly doing thing that aren't part of their job description
Bill: I feel like applies to my office too. You have to be your own boss in a way, there's no management.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): there's the two owners (my bosses), Sergio and Gary. If I'm bitching about one, 99.9% of the time it's Sergio. Then there's me, our customer service person, and our purchasing person as upper management, two group leads managing the floor, and then the rest are assembly workers
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah! everyone does a bunch of different jobs so they don't have to pay to hire more people <:pew:543202259085950996>
Aldus Larian (Jess): my job wants to hire more people but literally no one wants to work here, we have a shit rating on glassdoor and almost no one in slaes lasts more than a year
Bill: ~~you even have entries on glassdoor~~
Bill: I'm surprised.
Bill: Indellient has stuff, but only for Canada.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): we don't have any reviews anywhere as far as I can tell
Bill: I think that's normal for an independently owned, 20 person office tho.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm pretty sure the majority of our employee base is low income people from the city who don't care how awful this place is
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): most are Spanish speaking, some of whom speak *very* broken English so there's often a language barrier
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm pretty sure I'm the only employee with a Bachelor's
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think Im the only employee with an Associates XD
Aldus Larian (Jess): alot of the others have some college but no degree
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the annoying girl has an Associate's in something completely irrelevant to this job lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I think one of our group leads got an Associate's in like, music production.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Like me!
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Wooo!
Bill: Case in point, for a lot of jobs the degree requirements are bullshit. They're just looking for any piece of paper. 😑
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEET
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): This comes to mind
Bill: I wonder if that's an intentional choice.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's very in-character for him xD
Bill: err. An intentional choice to lampshade what we're talking about, or if it's just cause it VERY in character yeah
Aldus Larian (Jess): damn i wish that worked lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I wasn't trying to lampshade the convo. "They're just looking for any piece of paper" just reminded me about Micahel Scott
Bill: The writers of the office might have wanted to lampshade that Scott is untrained, yet in charge because companies don't actually care beyond 'paper'.
Bill: Not talking about you lampshading. 🙂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ooooh gtocha
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Possibly. I don't remember if they fully explained how Michael came into the regional manager position. To me, he probably just would see people hanging up their degrees in their offices and wanted to look important by hanging the only "official" looking document he had which was a Certificate of Authenticity. The fact that it's for a counterfeit watch just makes it all the more in-character for him xD
Bill: spend 30 minutes making tiny triangle with the magnetic beads I have, make an awesome looking triforce shape out of them, go to move them to the metal plate so they don't fall apart, the slide off the card and are completely destroyed.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my boss was supposed to be out all week which was going to be really nice leading up to CCE but the trip got cancelled so now hes gonna be here all week 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): i spilled 2 drops of coffee and somehow got my pants, undershirt, cardigan and dress shirt all stained <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Bill: Jaehee strength coffee
Aldus Larian (Jess): is it thursday yet?
Bill: Please god say it is
Aldus Larian (Jess): ||it's not||
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tom brought me lunch, where is proceeded to dump a whole dish of soy sauce all over myself, cry because I'm getting my period, have to go home and change and be late back to work. 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): Today can be over now
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I started reading and was like "aww that's so cute of To--OOOOH NO" 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😦
Aldus Larian (Jess): I didnt even get to enjoy my lunch. 😭
Bill: Sounds like a good night to go out for sushi!
Bill: Treat yo self for surviving!
Aldus Larian (Jess): but... we just spent money on sushi.... which i wasted
Bill: You aren’t replacing the sushi from before, you’re rewarding yourself for picking yourself up after a rough afternoon and keeping going!
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah its ok
Aldus Larian (Jess): not really in the mood to go out right now at all
Aldus Larian (Jess): i feel better later
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): thank fam
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Meme generator .net
Aldus Larian (Jess): I really hope my period showing up a week early means it will go away before cce ~~but prob not~~
srry i complain about my period every month yall
Nokri (Marisa): P r a y e r C i r c l e
Nokri (Marisa): i really hope my mother gets home soon
it sounds pathetic of me but sylvia doesn't have any more food and she's been hungry for a few hours, and i only had that sugar cookie and have to start fasting in 2 hours so if she doesn't get home soon i'm definitely going to pass out at the blood center tomorrow. bojo said she got the check from her boss to reimburse me but hasn't deposited it yet.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh no! No more cookies?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Fasting for blood test or for religious reasons?
Nokri (Marisa): there are, but i want to make them last as long as possible, and all i've eaten in the last 24 hours is sugar cookies
Nokri (Marisa): blood test ye
Aldus Larian (Jess): How I teleport you food?
Nokri (Marisa): weekly <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): u dont! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): But I wanna
Nokri (Marisa): u listen to me be annoying
Nokri (Marisa): no no
Nokri (Marisa): hold on sylvia is doing stuff
Bill: You just order Dominos to her.
Nokri (Marisa): No no
Aldus Larian (Jess): She doesn't like day tho
Nokri (Marisa): I’m more concerned for Sylvia. I know BoJo is bringing home cat food
Nokri (Marisa): Yes I’m deathly allergic to everything
Aldus Larian (Jess): Sylvia be ok!
Nokri (Marisa): I can use the find my iPhone thing to check where she is but I really hate invading her privacy like that
Aldus Larian (Jess): Can you text her?
Nokri (Marisa): Oo yeah
Nokri (Marisa): Her phone miiiight be dead. We share a charger but I’m gonna get her one from the dollar store next time I go
