Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao tom heard me use my "business voice" and he was like <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: not like <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): My coworkers always made fun of me for sounding like a Disney Princess when I used my business voice with students
Nokri (Marisa): Jokes on them because whenever I left my booth one guy was always jokingly rubbing his nipples but I was always there to catch him in the act
Nokri (Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHATTTATATT?!
Nokri (Marisa): Yeah, he swears the only ~3 times he’s ever done it is exactly the same time I emerged from my booth to shame him for doing it, and Nevin (the guy he was doing it to) backed him up. He begged me not to tell his girlfriend or she’d tease him relentlessly for it
Nokri (Marisa): tldr don’t lewd or I’ll use it as blackmail
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): you're not even worth getting pissed over boi.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): unfollows everyone
El🆓de Faun (Tom): everyone unfollows back
El🆓de Faun (Tom): him: <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): "how could this happen"
Aldus Larian (Jess): who could have done this
Nokri (Marisa): Now we follow Him
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no lmao
Aldus Larian (Jess): ya know i never knew what he looked like but i am not surprised in the least
Nokri (Marisa): he grew a beard!
Nokri (Marisa): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it is 9:05am and I've already used 15% of my phone battery
Aldus Larian (Jess): me too fam
Aldus Larian (Jess): two people in my office just got really confused because they assumed a person putting on a career fair was a woman and kept saying things like "she said i can bring this" "she said they'd have a table for us" and then someone else came in and was like "whos she? the only person i see on this email is someone named Bob"  and they were like <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): short for Bobara
Bill: The executive dysfunction on finishing that 'last bit of packing' is strong.
Bill: I mean, I should be working but.
Bill: Work is under the impression that setting up the automatic cleaning and table generation process for a new dataset takes a day.
Bill: It takes 30 minutes.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): YO ERIK WHAT POST WAS THE HATER ON
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): OOP I found them
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _how dare they have the same name as a really cool person_
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have that afternoon crash and had to resort to extra strength headache relief medicine to get a caffeine fix
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I can't concentrate anymore today 😭
Bill: I know all my things fit in my room now, but I'm distinctly worried it somehow won't in my apartment.
Bill: So much boxes.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the boxes probably contain a lot of air which won't take up any space in your apartment so the stuff-to-air volumetric ratio is probably better than you're imagining
Bill: Most of them packed pretty tight, actually. Glad for that.
Bill: Cause if they weren't it'd be ever more boxes.
Bill: Handful of things left though. Besides clothing.
Bill: I see you are? Annoyed? by my moving out?
Bill: I'll just not. Talk about it then?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Probably for not answering her message more like
Bill: What?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Sure. I clarified why I said I didn’t at first and got lennyed. Which makes it seem like I was fucking with you, which wasn’t. Amusing.
Nokri (Marisa): What’s that thing you always say about assuming? Hmmmmm? <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): You’ve been very curt and ignoring people a lot recently, it seems. I know multiple times recently you’ve kind of just abandoned a conversation or gotten the wrong idea. It’s kind of concerning.
Bill: I’m busy fam.
Nokri (Marisa): This has been ongoing for weeks, a couple months. How much longer do you foresee yourself being busy? We worried.
Bill: I’ve been you know, depressed for months. That said I’ve been feeling pretty good recently so. I’m taking care of myself is all, can’t come to like yourself more via your friends. Gotta do it yourself. 

I’m busy *now*, or the last week or so.
Bill: I brought up like half a dozen things today across channels for that matter.
Nokri (Marisa): You disappear immediately after saying something though, or never respond to questions. We don’t know what to do. Remember when I had a panic attack and you drug me back to the room? This is that but over the internet and I’m dragging you. We want to help you, or to see you get help.
Nokri (Marisa): If it wasn’t illegal I’d shove some of my serotonin uptakers your way
Bill: ~~Is that a good thing for a panic attack? Would it have been better to give you space? Not that I realized it was a panic attack, I thought you were just. Being you~~
Nokri (Marisa): ~~yeah tbh I would’ve hid until it was over and walked back like nothing happened afterwards, being taken back was very scary but I know you only had the best intentions in mind~~
Nokri (Marisa): How many centuries has it been since we talked like this. Too many to count
Bill: ~~sorry I love you and was trying to help, def thought you were isolating yourself cause you thought you weren’t worthy or something~~
Bill: I haven’t been keeping discord open as much... you can always just... Facebook message me if you think I’m not going to see it.
Bill: I have other forms of contact.
Nokri (Marisa): You’re too far away to see the smoke signals
Nokri (Marisa): Or hear the drums
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~dont you hate facebook messenger?~~
Bill: Discord kills productivity cause I check it constantly for updates, which also get frustrating/disappointing when no one’s around to respond.
Bill: I do, but if I tried to switch to something else no one would install that app and I’d fall out of touch. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): *did you even make a ponysona*
Bill: I wanted to go to Telegram cause it’s super secure.
Bill: errr signal.
Nokri (Marisa): What’s telegram and are we starting Aurii 2 there
Bill: Uh, yes?
Nokri (Marisa): AurII
Nokri (Marisa): YOU DID THATS RIGHT YOU HAD THE COOL CUTIE MARK that was my bad I’m sorry
Aldus Larian (Jess): what app we chat on isnt really the issue here
Nokri (Marisa): Ponysonas redeem is all
Nokri (Marisa): O tru
Nokri (Marisa): Biru don’t push us away or we’re gonna go yandere on u
Nokri (Marisa): No dere just
Bill: I just said I’m not. If I’m not discord and you want to talk to me just message me on something else.
Bill: Lol.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yea its definitely been feeling like you're alienating us lately. you only come into chat to talk about yourself and then dip out again it seems? im not sure if other agree its just what ive been noticing personally. you disappeared all weekend
Aldus Larian (Jess): you've also seem generally argumentative about things
Aldus Larian (Jess): like on-edge
Bill: I mean... I wasn’t doing so hot before this weekend? Mentally and all that. Not news, just. Worse than normal. I guess that’s what your referring to.
Bill: I’m honestly not sure.
Bill: If you feel somethin in regards to me I can’t really know if you don’t say so.
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats what we're doing now
Nokri (Marisa): ^^
We feel like u so distant and edgy recently
Aldus Larian (Jess): you haven't been doing "so hot" for over a year...
Bill: Ye so now I can answer the feels. 👍🏻
Bill: Comes and goes. Working on it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): are you working on getting a therapist? you should be coming off your parents insurance now right?
Nokri (Marisa): That’s what happened to me, for years, until it shot me down so much I couldn’t stop crying once over multiple days. Get outside help
Bill: Working on it includes outside help.
Bill: As for distant, I was never... actually a big fan of the level of sharing I’ve gotten to at times. I don’t like being super emotional, or oversharing. Keep that in mind I guess.
Bill: Doing that actually ends up stressing me out more sometimes.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i mean its not just that you don't share. its also the way you've been regarding us lately
Nokri (Marisa): sometimes it sounds like we’re beneath you or you can’t be bothered by things we say, or like we’re pestering you. That’s why we don’t really ping or message you, to not make you upset
Aldus Larian (Jess): you act like we should know what you are talking about when we have no way of knowing what you're referring to and then kinda... talk down to us when we ask questions...
Aldus Larian (Jess): im trying to say this as nicely as possible but you tend to get cocky when you're not being self deprecating?
Bill: Well you’re certainly not beneath me. Mm... but expecting you to understand things without context does sound like me. I’d like to say it’s cause text based communication but. It’s not a new complaint.
Aldus Larian (Jess): you've also been on DND or invisible almost constantly which you used to never be so it feels very passive aggressive
Nokri (Marisa): Time to start using video chats 24/7
Aldus Larian (Jess): like for example when you watch tv shows you'll make comments about the show without even saying what you are watching or giving us enough context to understand what its about. you do this at other times too but that is the common one i see alot
Bill: I used to use DnD passive aggressively true. Easier to just be mad in my icon rather than start some drama about something that bothered me (that’s inevitably minor and not worth the drama).
Bill: Oh lol that’s not. Like with Veronica Mars?
Aldus Larian (Jess): you've done it for multiple things
Bill: That’s just live-blogging a show I don’t expect you’re going to watch. So I don’t explain it anymore than for the thing I found funny.
Nokri (Marisa): But it’s not funny without the full context, like what the show is ;u;
For all we know you could be watching Bible Black
Bill: If you watched Vmars I’d chat about it endlessly but why explain something you aren’t particularly interested.
Aldus Larian (Jess): but then we'll be like ??? and you're like "Show Name" which almost comes across as blunt? like as if you are surprised we dont know.
Nokri (Marisa): Because we talk all day about stuff you don’t find interesting, and friends listen to other friends stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea and with that logic there would be no sense mentioning it at all
Nokri (Marisa): Ye when you respond it kind of comes across as “obviously I’m watching this show, duh”
Bill: O could totally see the blunt thing. I’d probably be reading your “??” As wondering if I’m going crazy and I’m just clarifying that some bomb went off in a tv show, not my apartment.
Bill: Responding quickly while I’m still watching. Still, I can elaborate more if you need that. That at least is a text formatting bluntness.
Bill: I should stop using full punctuation but. I get OCD about it if I try.
Nokri (Marisa): “Oh a bomb went off? Guess he got the bad end in sevens route haha”
Bill: I still need to play Rays route.
Bill: Hmm.
Nokri (Marisa): Fun new group activity idea OwO
Aldus Larian (Jess): also i hope "outside help" means a licensed therapist.
Bill: Mhmm...
Nokri (Marisa): Ominous...
Bill: No, just answering the question.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): but the dots >w>
Aldus Larian (Jess): but it sounds passive aggressive when u present it that way
El🆓de Faun (Tom): they are ominous all on thier own
Bill: But then. That’d be like a short mhmm rather than a trailing off mhmm.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ellipses tend to carry a negative connotation to most people
Bill: I’m telling you my choice of punctuation is a curse.
Nokri (Marisa): The trailing off has the bad part, the short mhmm would be more positive
Aldus Larian (Jess): or just a yea
Nokri (Marisa): Like, which sounds worse
We need to talk
vs
We need to talk...
Aldus Larian (Jess): mmhmm is very non committal answer
Bill: To me? The first one.
Nokri (Marisa): The second one is so much scarier
Bill: Trail off means there’s more content.
Bill: The cut off is so final. <:woah:543194447345876998>
Nokri (Marisa): But that content gets omitted because of the ellipses <:woah:543194447345876998> and if there’s a lot more that’s also scary
Bill: “I couldn’t be bothered to write the punctuation on this sentence cause that’s how little I care about the conversation I’m having”
Nokri (Marisa): nah
Nokri (Marisa): Millennials use punctuation when they’re mad
Bill: I’m telling ya. It’s a curse.
Bill: I just. Get super uncomfortable with sentences that don’t have punctuation.
Nokri (Marisa): sorry if our lack of punctuation scares u
Nokri (Marisa): we tryna be hip n casual
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Bill: Should be the other way around no? I’m  know to read it millennial but my writing is grr rawr.
Nokri (Marisa): xD so rAndOm
Bill: Oh, no.
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just personally treat texting and chatting very casually
Bill: Meanwhile I gotta make a point of capitalizing names cause not doing it feels disrespectful. 😂
Bill: I try to use emoji more tho.
Bill: ~~Course I once got called out by a girl I was (far too) in to in college for “using the smirk emoji all the time”. It was a smile on my phone.~~
Bill: So basically, I should go full Ethan and start calling people.
Bill: Anyway, any cockiness that’s not from text based communication woes is my bad.
Bill: Different sources, but cause less important than effect.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im sorry, what?
Bill: Different reasons exist why I might come off cocky in a given moment, but none of them excuse being cocky.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ok that was unclear. You often speak in a tone that requires people to infer things that we dont have a way of knowing because we are not in your head
Nokri (Marisa): Ye it was a rather confusing statement
Bill: That’s not intentional tho, I just speak that way. I’m not trying to be vague or anything.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I know it's not intentional I'm just saying it causes communication errors
Aldus Larian (Jess): It makes it harder to understand you
Bill: I have a theory for why. Basically Mom bounced from topic to topic a lot when I was a kid (we’d always say she was like a goldfish) so she’d go into something new with no context. I got really good at figuring out the context from a few pieces of information because of it. Like dad still gets confused when she bounces sometimes and I can usually clarify with a word or two.
Bill: ~~I’m pretty proud of my context building skills hence the extra thought about it~~
Bill: But yes. Can see why it’d be confusing. Just say I forgot the context or something like that.
Bill: I can try and catch it ahead of time too, but I expect I’ll miss it a lot cause it makes sense to me. 😅
Nokri (Marisa): Don’t be afraid to ask us for context also because you occasionally misconstrue things
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's probably more because you are used to living with them.
Bill: True. Especially before they got hearing aids cause damn. You really needed to be able to build half the sentence in context sometimes.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~also thays kinda what I mean about being cocky~~
Bill: Wait what?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Like, I'm explaining that you can be unclear and you bragged about yourself to explain why you are unclear. It just... Doesn't come across well. I'm sorry I'm honestly not trying to be offensive
Nokri (Marisa): ye i can see what she means about how it could come across that way. it's just a social nuance
Bill: Ah. I mean, I just wanted to explain for better understanding. To me, just saying “I see, that could be confusing. Let me know and I’ll clarify” is like... I’m just accepting your complaint. Explaining is me giving your feelings thoughts and attention?
Bill: Social nuance, or I’m uh. A pain to communicate with.
Bill: Also, Sure Mawisa I’ll clarify. Also to an earlier comment, always better to say something than to not. Seeing no response to something is more annoying than being asked about it.
