Aldus Larian (Jess): Tom's half brothers long term on-again-off-again-on-again baby momma just added me on Facebook again for the umpthenth time
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~just stop deleting me, I'm not the one breaking up wit u~~
Bill: Mar?
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah. Alison. Anthony's baby momma
Aldus Larian (Jess): They've been on and off since like 2012, after she says Tom other half brother (anothonys full brother)
Aldus Larian (Jess): Good times man good times
Bill: Which is Tom’s half brother that was kidnapped and raised with a cult until Tom found out about it?
Bill: 😏
Aldus Larian (Jess): No that's Joey
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO
Bill: Hahahaaaa
Bill: Lolllll it works too
Aldus Larian (Jess): Actually no Joey's in the cult now
Aldus Larian (Jess): If I just wait like 2 weeks to accept they'll break up again and I won't have to <:minathink:544567715931750405>
Bill: Niiice
Bill: Was about to leave to drop off my car for the car play thing? It works again.
Bill: <:hmm:543194383885926403>
Aldus Larian (Jess): My back up camera has been like that since day one <:pew:543202259085950996>
Bill: ~~if it didn’t work since day one, maybe you just don’t have one~~
Aldus Larian (Jess): No it works sometimes
Aldus Larian (Jess): Most of the time
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMG I STG all this kid fucking does is print off articles and highlight tham
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Ugh it's *only* 10? 😫
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I felt like I was actually being productive
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Which goes to show how quickly some of my tasks actually take when I'm not fucking around...
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Man I was worried that Will would judge me after whatever I said while sloshed at CCE but he’s such a bro
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): He messaged me to say my album choices were solid
Aldus Larian (Jess): THEY ARE
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): now im curious, what did you say? xD
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I was speaking in a really optimistic tone and I was like “I’m going through some shit right now, my grandpa died, my boyfriend left. real tough stuff. But hey I’ve always wanted to meet you!”
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s the gist of it except it lasted probably closer to ten minutes lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh thats fine gurl you didnt say anything weird then
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I feel like saying delivering such depressing news in the most chipper tone is a lil freaky but you right
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Still chalk it up to him bein a bro
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah alot of people do that, its a coping mechanism
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): it's the same energy as 🙃
Aldus Larian (Jess): more prison facts 🙄
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): when reading physics stuff i worry my boredom with it is cause im losing a love of the material
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): no, physicists just cant write
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): me: hasnt played league in months, finally playing agian
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): hal: same
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _why he do dis_
Bill: I haven't worked in the last 3 1/2 hours.
Bill: Shit.
Bill: and I can't motivate myself to do anything either.
Bill: I wanna write the day off but I need more for my time sheeeet
Bill: *I blame mii channel music*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I like making layouts for our shop workers because it makes assembly easier (and less to have to explain on an assembly procedure)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but I can't bring myself to do one that's over 8.5 feet long
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> updated my resume yeehaw
Bill: ***What** motivated you to make this the sole thing on your account?*
Bill: I did the whole account reset to get myself removed from the bottom of the barrel the algorithm put me in. 

~~time to prove it’s a game of looks~~
Nokri (Marisa): What’s bad about the selfie?
Nokri (Marisa): That it’s a selfie?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): she looks kinda awkward in the photo but some people just arent camera people
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): doesnt look like the photo is editted which is a nice change of pace
Bill: I feel really bad for anyone whose type is 'girls who don't like dogs'.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): what
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): is that what every girl has in their bio?
Bill: that's the joke ye.
Bill: I'm assuming people with 6 terrible photos assigned are using the automatic ones given when you create an account. Which means they should be fairly modern. How... Do you manage to get red eye in a modern photo?
Bill: Its actually pretty hilarious.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): just fyi, all the men are like that too
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nice 👌
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): dog people be good people
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i like dogs more tho so thats prob why
Aldus Larian (Jess): Damn Tom cant have either he'd be shit outa luck
Bill: No kidding.
Bill: 
Bill: *yeets in other direction&
Bill: ...I'm disappointed in myself, there were better jokes I could make there.
Bill: Well that was either a duplicate account by a botter, a repeat account, or a quote I don't recognize as the person's entire account.
Bill: So clearly I've done my due diligence.
Bill: Now to go back to the app I get responses from.
Bill: Mystic messenger~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): me: ok family im doing physics work today so no one bother me, i dont want to leave the house
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): sister: i just got to this school thing 20 minutes ago but now i want to leave, pick me up
Aldus Larian (Jess): Tell her your car died
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): well the reason i didnt wanna drive was cause i got a parking ticket forever ago, just found it, and my mom said she would pay it for me tonight
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and where my sister is, is crawling with jerky cops
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): so my sister is being an ass and demanding i pick her up
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): after i told everyone i dont wanna drive today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _ugh_
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and im already in a bad mood cause noah went to indiana 800 miles away today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _and now i gotta go get her anyways_
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ahhh! I'm sorry 😔
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I had been distracting myself with work and videogames but it’s very hard not to be upset when you’re now also angry
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _anger_
Aldus Larian (Jess): tell your siser she has to buy you qdoba now
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): qdoba doesnt deliver and i dont wanna drive :c
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and i watched a crow fly off with a chipmunk so now im even sadder
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): how could projared cheat on his wife, he looks like an egg
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmaooo
