Aldus Larian (Jess): im dog sitting this weekend and i have to pack but god i have no motivation
Nokri (Marisa): think of dog!
Aldus Larian (Jess): dogggoooo! i wanna see doogo i just dont wanna pack
Aldus Larian (Jess): Packing done! Time to play MM and eat ice cream 🎉
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): >customer sends in multiple RFQs, each with about a dozen assemblies
>gets impatient that RFQs are taking a while (because we have been busy with current orders for them)
>finally sends RFQs, each stating "3-4 week lead time"
>customer submits POs for all of the assemblies and wants them in 2 weeks
>our production has been working tirelessly on their orders, I think even working OT
>production is a *little late* on their orders
>customer: WHAT IS THE STATUS OF OUR ORDER?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:exhausted:577177500153544724>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like, I need to inform these people that the lead time is not cumulative... Each quote is its own separate entity. If you order 30 assemblies from 3 different quotes at the same time, the lead times should basically add up so you're looking at like 6-8 weeks. This is ridiculous
Bill: One day, I will figure out where these tension headaches come from. Top two contenders are still allergies and poor sleep, with depression following.
Aldus Larian (Jess): eyestrain from screen maybe?
Bill: > Messages team wide channel "Do we have dataset X yet"
> No one answers
> get DM from person I directly work with on team
> "I also need that data"
> *Thanks? For telling me? When they tell me, you can also? get it?*
Bill: That's an idea.
Bill: My glasses have the blue light fliters but...
Bill: I do spend a lot of time in front of a screen.
Aldus Larian (Jess): when wad the last time you got a new persciption?
Bill: Fairly recently.
Bill: Ah, but I usually get these in the morning before I've really settled into my desk.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea the blue light filter helps but as i understand it it doesn't completely nullify it
Aldus Larian (Jess): ohh hmmm
Bill: Still might play a part tho.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Do you have good pillows?
Bill: Ya. Bought multiple in attempts to sleep better.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Try sleeping less ! <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
El🆓de Faun (Tom): That's what helped me for some reason
Bill: Weird!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): when you print out 42 pages of docs and you realize your black ink is hella low so you gotta change it out and reprint, wasting 42 pages of paper....
Bill: It's the company's ink tho <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): this is why the amazon is on fire
Bill: 
Bill: That middle book with the ring bindings? I printed it during my computer lab monitor job, two pages of the book to each page, folded and hole punched each page.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just did an ink report print. turns out all of my inks are hella low
Bill: All on the college!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): magenta, yellow, and cyan haven't been changed since June 2018 O.o
Nokri (Marisa): "what book, all i see are anim-oh that one"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): black was last changed March of this year
Bill: my dumb ass was just like "isn't that two months ago".
Bill: It's 2019 man.
Aldus Larian (Jess): lol i have to change my toners like once a week
Aldus Larian (Jess): toner for my work printer is a 200+ a cartridge its wild
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I just replaced my entire printer with $354.96 worth of ink
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): in about 5 minutes
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): all 4 cartridges
Aldus Larian (Jess): did people just get lazy and not replace them?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I try to use use it as much as I can before having to replace them (hence why color hasn't been changed in over a year)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have my own printer
Aldus Larian (Jess): ohhh ok yea i do that too! id waste so much toner if i didnt
Aldus Larian (Jess): but we print so much 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): unless the color is super off, I try to use it for as long as possible
Aldus Larian (Jess): ye
Bill: Oh my head really hates me today.
Bill: Maybe I'm just getting sick, and that's why.
Aldus Larian (Jess): my coworker was supposed to be out till like 2:00 but he got back early D:
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Oooo I tried filming tiktoks and hated them and broke a mug
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): This life is not for me
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The mug breaking was accidental, I wasn’t doin it outta anger lol
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh no i didnt think that lol i sowwy u broke mug D:
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It ok I order new one
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I’m just sad cause it’s the one Noah gave me
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Shush don’t tell him I order new one
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH NO! 😭
Bill: Wow Liuna is really stressed. I can hear it in her voice.
Nokri (Marisa): wow which fire emblem house is she in
Bill: IBMer.
Nokri (Marisa): I don’t think I’ve unlocked that group yet
Bill: I think she got all of the Intern's work dumped on her and it's stressing her the hell out.
Bill: Ye, she definitely extremely confused (her work and the interns work didn't really overlap in foundational knowledge) and it's stressing her out.
Bill: I'm going up monday and hopefully between her Sheema and I we can get a better plan in place because the team is stretched way too thin right now.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Man internet companies really like leaving people on hold
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 20 mins hold, 20 mins troubleshooting to no results
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I just want internet cries
Nokri (Marisa): ~~did you try turning it off and on again~~
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Lmao he
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Alright call #2
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I hate that there’s like, voice prompts
Nokri (Marisa): <:pew:543202259085950996>
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Like a heart attack in ur tum area
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Damn
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): WE HAVE INTERNET <:rise:582318089228648456>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): >goes to set up account for electricity for apartment
>account number required
But... that's what I'm trying to register for?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh never mind. found the "Start Service" area
Nokri (Marisa): I can’t find Katarina and I wanted to wear her next week. <:hmm:543194383885926403> I tried checking upstairs for the first time in weeks and on the upside, it’s cool enough to go up there for more than a couple of minutes at a time. On the downside, the ceiling. I can hear someone talking outside perfectly clearly on the third floor so there are definitely holes.
Nokri (Marisa): One is where the bubble wrap is there
Nokri (Marisa): idk where the others are they’re probably behind the foam but it’s also home to house centipedes so I’m not investigating
Nokri (Marisa): Found Katarina <:rise:582318089228648456> I knew i just had to start complaining about it
Nokri (Marisa): Idk how I missed that
