Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Rebecca asking for an invite link. I'll bet $100 it's for Snow to re-re-re-rejoin
Aldus Larian (Jess): oh boi
Bill: I dunno how to deal with that...
Bill: At one point we were going to talk about setting up a 'protocol' for new invites but.
Nokri (Marisa): an initiation. hazing. nice.
Bill: We never did and I don't want to deal with it.
Nokri (Marisa): you have to eat a whole pumpkin, skin and all to join BNE
Bill: ~~I could just ignore it~~
Bill: Or I could give the link and let BNE be whatever the fuck it'll be.
Bill: I *do* have control tendencies to let go of.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Like, she could at least be like "hey Snow wants to come back" or "hey I have a friend whi I would like to invite to our group"
Bill: *nm Hal's online he'll just hand it over*
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Its prob travis
Bill: ^
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Not "can I get an invite link? 👀"
Bill: that was my thought.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Her boi
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Oh gotcha
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats as bad as "are you busy friday night?"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Didn't know he cosplayed
Bill: You make a good point Erik. ~~You should ask her~~
Bill: What Jess?
Nokri (Marisa): bne's kind of evolved into a social group more than a cosplay one
Aldus Larian (Jess): "can I get an invite link?" is as bad as "are you busy friday night?" like no fam. give explaination, you are goving me anxiety
Bill: Ah, I didn't click on the comparsion.
Nokri (Marisa): like when someone says "can you do me a favor?"
Bill: Correct Marisa.
Bill: about the social group thing.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): BNE has also evolved into a semi barren wasteland since most of us were the ones who were active lol
Aldus Larian (Jess): opps
Bill: hahaha Aurii squad wins.
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i forget about 90% of the time since i muted it
Nokri (Marisa): the anna and rebecca show
i want to get back into it but my self esteem blocks the way
Bill: LOL that's a mood.
Bill: Course I have the power to kick anyone whose mean to you there and I will so go in knowing you have plot armor!
Nokri (Marisa): shh is ok they all hate me and that's fine
Nokri (Marisa): american freedom
Bill: no one hates you silly.
Aldus Larian (Jess): literally no one
Tikur (Kurtis): Shhhh no Marisa if anyone actually hates you I will fight them 100%
Tikur (Kurtis): Hands will be thrown
Bill: I mean, I might as well toss the link to her. Even if she says who she wants to invite, it's not like I have any grounds to say no.
Nokri (Marisa): y'all misspelled everyone
Bill: Unless someone's going to get confrontational about it.
Nokri (Marisa): "i'll give the link if they have proof they've eaten a pumpkin"
Tikur (Kurtis): Sweet summer child you are loved by all
Aldus Larian (Jess): STOP CLEARING MY REACTS AHHH
Nokri (Marisa): this is war
Bill: No 👏 u 👏 is 👏 banned 👏
Nokri (Marisa): 🗡
Nokri (Marisa): au contraire, thou
Aldus Larian (Jess): i reacted ☝
Bill: Oh. Yeah I just hit the clear all react button cause it easier than individually clearing the three nou.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 😠
Tikur (Kurtis): https://media.tenor.com/images/b4387a6a06a2bb428e77bc684fbcb681/tenor.gif
Tikur (Kurtis): Don't use the nuclear option
Nokri (Marisa): frogs have around 159 bones
Tikur (Kurtis): Smol bony boi
Aldus Larian (Jess): butterflys can see more colors than humans
Bill: Fuck it yolo
Bill: @everyone ❄ react if Rebecca going to add Snow, 🚜 for Travis, take your bets
Nokri (Marisa): omg so can some shrimp
Aldus Larian (Jess): im gonna  go with what i hope
Tikur (Kurtis): The mantis shrimp!
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA
Tikur (Kurtis): https://youtu.be/F5FEj9U-CJM
Tikur (Kurtis): Quality vid
Bill: Hey we win!
Tikur (Kurtis): There is cursing I'm sorry Mawisa 😭
Nokri (Marisa): friend of rebecca? nothing more? :0
Kaio Vermino (Lee): <:ishetho:573830887485997097>
Nokri (Marisa): whenever i see big armor pictures i just think "i can only be my true self in halo armor"
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmfao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I've discovered that I'm most productive at work when the annoying girl comes in to talk to me
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's a mood
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because I do actual work to look like I'm busy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): she came in to tell me that she saw the new Chuckie movie and gave me the entire plot summary
Aldus Larian (Jess): Oh god you poor thing
Nokri (Marisa): posts in bne and logs offline for two years
Nokri (Marisa): Is it legal to advertise like that am I gonna get banned
Nokri (Marisa): Time to change my name and start a new life
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Ye!
Nokri (Marisa): From now on my name shall be The Artist Formerly Known As Garlic sr.
Nokri (Marisa): I work at the call center for box tops for education and I go dolphin watching on the second Monday of each new season
Aldus Larian (Jess): I've worked in this hell hole for 5 years today <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Aldus Larian (Jess): I get 5 more vacay days whooo
Nokri (Marisa): party!
Bill: WOO
Bill: Would definitely make an ad collage Mawisa.
Nokri (Marisa): i considered that but i feel bad using other people's faces
Bill: You shouldn't... You have enough photos of friends you can ask them if your worried about having permission.
El🆓de Faun (Tom): I never knew there was a Garlic Sr
El🆓de Faun (Tom): 🤔
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I don't remember that character from Veggie Tales 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): yes that's me. The Artist Formerly Known As Garlic jr. is my non-existent son's pet rock
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Is that the Dragonball dudes dad?
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Are you his dad
Nokri (Marisa): i am a father figure to many
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Daddy Marisa <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I keep seeing "frozen waffle cosplay" in BNE and I keep thinking ChocoWaffo is in our group
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that awkward moment when you were supposed to enter orders when your co-worker was away two weeks ago and then you remembered that you have customer orders set to automatically go into a folder you don't check because it's not usually your responsibility
Aldus Larian (Jess): whoops
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and there's several orders you probably should have entered
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm going back through them all but it looks like she entered them when she got back
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): but like
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): whoops
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I forgot I added the filter
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I remember being like "wow, haven't gotten many orders to enter..."
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and now she's on vacation again so I have to be more alert
Bill: oof.
Bill: I hate finding out I'm missing information.
Nokri (Marisa): i get another ultrasound tomorrow yehaw
Aldus Larian (Jess): good luck fren <:pwease:555585508819075112>
Nokri (Marisa): i sure hope i don't die yehaw
Aldus Larian (Jess): you wont!
Nokri (Marisa): yehaw
El🆓de Faun (Tom): Goog luck!
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): looks like she entered the ones I missed
Nokri (Marisa): i gotta go back to japan someday so i can get more cosplay books but i can't get in the country now aaaaaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): Why u can't get in country? <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Nokri (Marisa): medicine is a very strictly controlled substance and it's currently keeping me alive
i'll die tho if i can get those cosplay books that's fine
Bill: No dying.
Nokri (Marisa): i'm not using them for cosplay because i know i can't, i'm gonna try and use them to make more stuff to sell so i can keep affording medicine to not die
Nokri (Marisa): though death is fine
Aldus Larian (Jess): Death not fine 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): can I commission you to make a cosplay for yourself?
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): that would be possible but i'd feel incredibly guilty
Nokri (Marisa): it's gotta be a character i hate for a group, otherwise i'd just make it myself anyway
Aldus Larian (Jess): Let's crowdfund a cosplay for marisa
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do you make cat ears?
Nokri (Marisa): oh yeah those can be done in like 5 minutes
Nokri (Marisa): or several days depending on the kind of cat ear
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): do you have examples of your work?
Nokri (Marisa): in high school omg
i have a story i have to think how to phrase this though to make myself look as not weird as possible but i was totally a freak
Nokri (Marisa): ye one second i gotta think of how to share this story
Nokri (Marisa): so dodgeball was banned at my school but it was also the most popular sport
Nokri (Marisa): so we weren't allowed to play it during gym class. but we were so bloodthirsty for dodgeball that the teachers got around the "no dodgeball" rule by having fundraisers twice a year where kids could pay to enter their team in a huge dodgeball tournament
Nokri (Marisa): and it was Big
Nokri (Marisa): basically one group wouldn't let me join their team so I went and formed my own team based on the mudkipz meme, and then a day before the competition the other team came to me begging for cat ears because they knew i always carried cat ears in my bookbag wHICH WASN'T ON PURPOSE it just so happened some cat ears were in my bag one day and i never took them out and it became several pairs that were just always in my bag but the moral of this story is, if you decline to let someone on your team then they will refuse to give you cat ears and then you will decimate them in the first round of the competition anyway
Nokri (Marisa): 😎
Aldus Larian (Jess): This is the most inspirational thing I have ever read
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): because I might want to purchase some new Blake ears :3c
Nokri (Marisa): i have a pair of 90% finished blake ears that i was gonna use for zenkai boudoir that didn't happen
but they were literally made in 5 minutes so i could make nicer ones but also they're really easy to make so i could tell you how
Nokri (Marisa): am compiling pictures of ears
Aldus Larian (Jess): ~~or you could sell them to him and buy food and medicine~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~I would purchase them of you~~
Bill: I still gotta pay you for commission drawin too.
Nokri (Marisa): AM STILL DRAWIN THAT I PROMISE
Nokri (Marisa): AND PIZZA MONEY
Nokri (Marisa): I HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN
Bill: what.
Bill: Oh yeah.
Bill: I never asked David and Lex for their cut.
Bill: I guess I bought them pizza cause it's too awkward to go ask them a month later.
Bill: They just left so quick...
Nokri (Marisa): i'm still trying to get the puzzle open from the party and that's my excuse for not sending thank you cards yet but also i have the cards and i'm trying to personalize them
Nokri (Marisa): that's my excuse let me live this lie
Bill: ~~no thank you required, we get the best gift of all in you coming back to the server~~
Nokri (Marisa): no that was like a punishment
Nokri (Marisa): another punishment in the form of uncomfortable close ups of my gross face incoming in a few minutes
Bill: You are not a punishment.
Nokri (Marisa): so the blake ears i have are basically the first ones in this picture, but black and purple and without the cotton and the purple is fabric paint instead of fabric. trash.
the first two here (cyan and holo) are "I sewed these in the car on the way to the con" style. very quick and very low quality.
on the opposite end you have selkie and raphtalia, which are a little different from each other. selkie has a stuffed base, fabric front, and wig back. raphtalia isn't stuffed, but does have stuffing on the outside.
the ones on the top right are just other ears like manaka, toriel, kyubey (i couldn't find a picture oops), i can also do skin-tone elf ears or gills like Raven, Nowi, and Feferi. I can find examples of skin-tone ears and gills if you want
i have a ton of jade ears and they're all different but they're basically triangles, and then there's the rabbit method which can be used for cat ears but i don't recommend it because it makes the wig really heavy and might stab your brain
Nokri (Marisa): there's a thing i've been meaning to make for characters with animal ears but since blake has human ears it's not necessary
Nokri (Marisa): i keep intending to make something to hide the human ears but i always get lazy
Nokri (Marisa): wait i missed one
Nokri (Marisa): how did i miss
Nokri (Marisa): time for another chart
Nokri (Marisa): i'm too lazy
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): you got foam ears like that blurry eevee thing which is just a hunk of upholstry foam to keep your ears up, same idea as cotton ones but much sturdier
Nokri (Marisa): you couldn't see the ears in that fef pic and that's one of the only ones i have <:thinku:543194478614413318>
Nokri (Marisa): so there are many different styles you can choose from and i like to sew them to a wig but i can sew them to clips or combs instead
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): okie doke :3
Aldus Larian (Jess): ahhh i just got yelled at on the phone 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): for something I know nothing about D:
Nokri (Marisa): someone must die
Aldus Larian (Jess): i even used me nice customer service voice 😭
Aldus Larian (Jess): the person he needs to talk to leaves at 2, but hes in California and he was mad not being able to talk to them but like cir i do not control time
Nokri (Marisa): oooooooooooooooo them timezones
