Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 
Bill: Today's random internet test...
Bill: These are some funky questions, ngl.
Bill: http://dichotomytests.com/
Bill: "Life is Despair" *Alright calm down edge lord*
Bill: I think I confused it ~~or vice versa~~ cause I usually don't call myself altruistic. I'm too picky about who I give my time and attention to.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): gotta take it again for accurate answers then
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): rather than philosophy this sounds like it's about income disparity
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): right? lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mines almost the same as birus lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): post! post!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 35% nihilism buddies
Bill: yeeee this one bull shit.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wait what's the little crown at the bottom of yours i just have a cross
Bill: Humanism.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Bill: Think those are tags based on your results?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i feel like the last one is more 50/50 cuz i answered alot of "you cant be truly happy without god" type questions with no because while i believe in a higher power fully believe in others right to not believe and i dont think that happiness in unacchieavable for them
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): possibly. i kept putting "i don't know" for anything about higher powers or souls or stuff
yeah a lot of questions were kind of double-sided and i didn't know how to answer properly. some people find happiness in religion and others don't. fight.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea exactly
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): biru find another quiz
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
Bill: Yeah, there's a weird mix of questions about society versus personal believe.
Bill: I dunno, I saw that one in a guy's story and asked him for it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean i dont think it was bad or anything i just want more
Bill: It's kinda bad.
Bill: I would also like more, but I'm long out of ideas.
Bill: We've done the love languages and Myers Briggs already.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): imma find out which harry potter house i am cuz ive never done it
Bill: I'm a griffindor like every other idiot.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im def not lol
Bill: Hummingbird patronus, Pear wand with 12" unicorn hair core, and my american school was Pukwudgie.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): see i didnt wanna sign up for pottermore cuz im justing a rip off quiz lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont even know wtf a patronus is
Bill: tldr, silver eyes for everyone that take animal form
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dis one says imma a ravenclaw
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dis one says hufflepuff owo
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): how about
https://sapa-project.org/
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): third one say ravenclaw too
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 2/3 raven 1/3 huff
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i know im one of the 2 and def not Gryffindor or Slytherin, im not brave or cunning lol
Bill: I never know how to answer "like being the center of attention".
Bill: There are scenarios I don't mind, like leading a group, but I also don't like drawing attention to myself too often cause then... I dunno, someone will bully a 25 year old? Old habits.
Bill: ~~Or I validate that people care about me when they give me attention and that's a Bad Mood ™~~
Bill: 
Bill: Oh hello loaded question.
Bill: Is this the SAT.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i got different words no fair
all our questions are different? or perhaps just in different orders
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mm dis hard
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): '''123. The cooling fluid flows or the drill descends. The drill doesn't descend. The cooling fluid doesn't flow or the yellow signal doesn't blink.'''
excuse u what
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): nice
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): hahaha
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): can you right click > copy image address > paste in another tab?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea  did
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): marisa this one is brutal
Bill: I know my competitive edge is coming out.
Bill: you can skip questions too.
Bill: yo *what*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what have i done
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i've had to do at least 3 of those puzzle question so far
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): what personality awaits us
Bill: I had a *job* to do today
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah this test <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: Cause I'm *getting* to 200.
Bill: ~~unless you count right now~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think im getting the puzzle ones wring cus i keep getting them and im honestly not putting time into the,
Bill: what the fuck does a puzzle have to do with personality anyway
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): reveals what kind of wizard u are duh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): not a puzzle wizard
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i keep getting scared to tab out in case i accidentally close the quiz lol
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): last 25 questions woooo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i started skipping all the puzzles
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think i might just give up cuz thats probably gonna fuck my results
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i don't get these at all
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): jess noooooooooooooooooo
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): isn't there an 'i don't know' option?
OH or you can just not answer them, yeah!!
Bill: THIS ONE.
Bill: HOLY SHIT.
Bill: WHAT EVEN.
Bill: oof
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): *telling lies?*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ok I finished and answered every single thing. I have no idea how to read these results.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o there's a whole breakdown cool
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): my anxiety should be higher
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm gonna fight my results
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hmmmthe test stopped lopading and lost all my answers
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): guess ill never know whatever that was gonna tell me
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): OH NOOOOO JESS NOOOOO
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): f
Bill: 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): no emotional expressiveness. u ok?
Bill: I'm not meeting average for humor, compassion, trust, honesty, well being...
Bill: oof.
Bill: Emotional expressiveness is dead average.
Bill: 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ooo so that's how above or below the average someone is?
Bill: yeah.
Bill: Black line is the average.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ooo that makes sense
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "Your score on the Sociability scale indicates that you are somewhat low in Sociability. You may rarely enjoy large parties, but it depends on the circumstances and your energy level. More likely, you prefer the company of a few friends, especially those who you know quite well. You probably don't spend much time chatting with people you've never met and you probably don't care much for big crowds." <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: ```Your score on the Sensation-Seeking scale indicates that you are somewhat low in Sensation-Seeking. It is less likely that you derive enjoyment from risky or dangerous activities. This means that, although you may not shy away from difficulty or excitement per se, you know that some things are not worth the risk. You have a mature understanding of the potential negative consequences that may come from engaging in risky behavior, and you wisely take a pass when risky opportunities arise.```

Yeah, cause risks hurt.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): pain
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what were the puzzles for lol
Bill: ```Your score on the Agreeableness scale indicates that you are somewhat more disagreeable than most others. You may have less concern with others' needs than with your own. This likely reflects an occasional lack of interest in other people's lives and/or a belief that others should be more resourceful in dealing with their own problems. It may also be that your compassion is limited to some individuals (perhaps friends and family) without extending to acquaintances or strangers. You may tend to be somewhat intolerant of others' shortcomings. The most disagreeable individuals place self-interest above getting along with others. They are generally unconcerned with others' well-being, and therefore are unlikely to extend themselves for other people. Sometimes their skepticism about others' motives causes them to be suspicious, unfriendly, and uncooperative.```

Alright, I appreciate the addendum that it could be I'm selectively compassionate, cause that's what I'd call it.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah what ARE the puzzles for
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU GUYS UP TO
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): cognition?
hey tom <:lenny:395307171539189760>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): work
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Donlike
Bill: ```Your score on the Neuroticism scale indicates that you are a little less even tempered than the average person. This suggests that you experience slightly more emotional swings throughout the day than average and that you react more strongly to stressful events. This doesn't necessarily mean that you regularly experience negative emotions (fear/worry, sadness, irritability, anger), but you likely experience them more intensely than most people and you are quicker to react when facing stressful events. But, take heart — others likely view you as a passionate individual. If you are bothered by the experience of strong emotions, consider learning more about the many healthy ways to manage them.```

Um?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Why are thier literally
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah the puzzles are for cognition
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I questions
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): tom take the quiz
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): On a personality quiz
Bill: I dunno, barring recent scenario I'd say I'm even tempered?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): tom doesnt have time to take that XD
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its like 200 questions long
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ```Based on the 8 responses you gave for the item types with norms (see above), your Cognition score was 63. This means that your score was higher than 90% of previous participants in this survey. ```
im genius
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Maybe later after I get hone
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Da.n
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it's only 250 questions
yeah do it later
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i might try it again *might*
Bill: Marisa is smarter than me.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): All MIGHT
Bill: I got 57.
Bill: I skipped all the compound word ones though.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): when i can actually use paper to figure out the puzzles
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): dont beat me up and stuff me in a locker
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The puzzle questions are so odd
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i only knew one compound word thing
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Logic problems aren't personality related?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Right?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): pine / crab / sauce
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): your ability to do puzzles directly correlates with how honest and altruistic you are
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): a la undertale
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i guess it could have something to do with cognitive ability?
Bill: it is cognative.
Bill: ```Your score on the Anxiety scale indicates that you are somewhat more likely than average to feel anxious. This probably means that you sometimes feel nervous or worried about things. You probably dislike (and may even try to avoid) situations with uncertain outcomes, or where there is a lot of pressure to perform successfully. The good news is that the additional thought and consideration you likely give to anxiety-provoking situations may mean that you perform better than those who don't take them seriously.```

Apparently I have anxiety?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): my anxiety is higher than 84% of people's yehaw
anxiety club
Bill: ```Your score on the Compassion scale indicates that you are a bit less focused on the feelings and needs of others. It may simply be that the conditions of your life require you to attend to your own needs first and foremost! It is likely that although you don't shut other people out entirely, you believe that most people are equipped to take care of themselves. People probably know not to badger you with personal or emotional requests. Even if you see a sad movie, you are less likely to empathize with the characters to the point of being moved to tears.```

Thank I'm trash
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I'm trash
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I cry at every movie
Bill: Some of these are like? I'm *less* irritable?
Bill: I'm literally a meme for salt.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): charisma and emotional expressiveness are tied for my lowest attributes and authoritarianism is my highest
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): no talking only laws
Bill: ```Your score on the Honesty scale indicates that you are a little bit lower than average on the Honesty scale. This does not mean that you are necessarily a dishonest individual! To the contrary, it is sometimes the case that individuals with lower scores on this trait are simply less troubled by relatively benign rule-breaking behavior. It's also ironically possible to get a low Honesty score by being more willing to disclose your dishonest behavior. Regardless of how this occurred, be sure to keep in mind that many types of dishonest behavior can get you into an awful lot of trouble.```

That makes me feel better, I try not to lie 9 times out of 10. I can be a little loose with rules tho.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~im too open for my own good sometimes~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ```individuals with lower scores on this trait are simply less troubled by relatively benign rule-breaking behavior. It's also ironically possible to get a low Honesty score by being more willing to disclose your dishonest behavior. ```
yeah i think it's the honesty in my own dishonest behavior than my uncaringness for rule breaking
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im a terrible liar, one lie gives me so much anxiety so i just dont most of the time
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): we gotta get jess to lie
Bill: Mawisa print the page to pdf so you can look at it later.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): pull it out for reference at dinner parties
Bill: or to compare to Jess and Tom later.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o tru
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 18 pages
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): just save it, no need to print
Bill: print to pdf isn't printing printing. 😛
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ??? i have never heard it called that in my life but whatever
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~when you use 😛 it makes me feel dumb~~
Bill: Well, it's just an emoji. I don't think you're dumb.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): l
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): despite there being so many emoji they don't do a good job at expressing emotions. we need more.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): like sad cowboy and :3c
Bill: There's a couple I've wanted faces for.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): :3 and :3c are wholly different emotions
Bill: Blanking on them off hand though.
