Nokri (Marisa): Oh is the viz book out already??? It’s been a book for a long while but they’re re releasing it under Viz media because once the books got to act 3 or 4 they couldn’t transfer the videos and game segments of the conic into image form
You bought it right
Eliran (Halim): No
Nokri (Marisa): ಠ_ಠ
Dizzy: The thatsfire count is now 5!
Bill: !counter thatsfire add 2
Nokri (Marisa): homestuck confirmed to be lit
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: 
Bill: these teeturtle shirts are adorable and I might spend #money.
Aldus (Jess): we have shirta form them!
Aldus (Jess): they're really soft
Bill: ***it's a pun with cats and booze***
Bill: AAAAaaaaahHHHh
Bill: *you'll never see it coMMMINNNNNGGGGG*
Nokri (Marisa): 
Dave: https://i.redd.it/vc6vf0iosq311.jpg
Bill: 😏
Nokri (Marisa): bakarina's seduction techniques are flawless and can be stopped by nothing
Bill: now that they aren't little kids this is much funnier.
Nokri (Marisa): the ripe old age of 15
Bill: Chapter 7: They all want the D.
Bill: ... or V.
Nokri (Marisa): she's been practicing her fake snake technique for 7 years
Nokri (Marisa): they cut down all the drama about Ann getting married and potentially not going to school with her but tldr ann loves bakarina too (though maybe in a more motherly way)
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: *literally on that page*
Bill: Eliran?
Nokri (Marisa): I WAS THINKING THAT TOO
Nokri (Marisa): all the aurii bois
Bill: TOM
Bill: how to avoid death flag: trip romantic flags
Bill: caught up.
Bill: I need to setup a new way to follow manga.
Nokri (Marisa): KissManga has a bookmark feature which is decent
Bill: It's so accurate.
Bill: the shit posts are quality today.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: DANGER IS LURKING AROUND EVERY TURN
Bill: Everyone's staring at the screen share, but you know, that's not unnerving at all.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: 👌
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RL7joeWgeGo
Dizzy: The thatsfire count is now 6!
Bill: !counter thatsfire add 1
Bill: Today on Georgia's name is a meme
Afina (Georgia🍀): 😮
Aldus (Jess): 
