No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): putting on cosplay makeup be like
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Good questions for insta
Bill: ~~No one cares when I post those~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lmao these are cray
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): same. Aurii is the only people who ever interact but YOLO
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Good questions
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Everything else was like “first crush? favorite food? social security number?”
Bill: ~~I'm tired of getting my hopes up~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ive never answered any of those actually.. idk why
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): 28 lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i dont know how it works really
Bill: message number, they post the reply.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like the box thing, does it just go to their pms?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do they know its from you?
Bill: In the sarahah days, you could message there for anon.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Oh it shows up under the story! Yeah you can see who sent it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooooo neat
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): When you swipe to see who viewed the story it shows you who answers
Bill: oh, questions sticker. It's like a poll, you see the results under the story and you can share the answer.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): do you have to keep going to chack on your story post like  poll?
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Yeah. Sometimes it notifies you but rarely in my experience.
Bill: It gives notifications in your notification tab, but they're inconsistent.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): lol id prob forget
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i never re-check my stories
Bill: What's that like, not obsessing over if people respond or view your stories.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Dang it Paula the one time you interact and you do this to me
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Thank you georgia I will create a masterpiece
Bill: ha, that meggsi girl from Rowan viewed stories yesterday.
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Tomorrow 🌥
No(kri) goin' back now (Marisa): Someone from anime club?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i just dont think about it idk 🤔
Bill: From grad school. Tried to be friend, got nothing, eventually gave up on trying.
Bill: Probably thought I was one of the many creepy dudes in that club.
Bill: ~~wonder why~~
Bill: Tangentially, being sad all the time doesn't do much for your healthy eating habits...!  Gettin on the scale earlier was a mistake. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it true 😦
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i try to weigh in at least twice a week to make sure im maintaining
Bill: I mean, I obviously don't eat healthy, so... But I've been fairly stable since college (a good and bad thing) and this is the first time I've seen a spike. Though I don't regularly check anymore.
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): If my pants fit then im good
To Afina-ty and Beyond (Georgia): That’s how I measure lol
Bill: 🙄
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i used to do it that way but i bloat alot, and that's not actual weight so ill look bigger and my pants will be tighter but itll be gone in a few hours. So weighing myself put my worries at ease more
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i started being less strict with me diet and haven't gained anything so far cuz ive kept my eye on it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): basically my mind does worse to me than the scale, i used to avoid the scale like the plague but tom changed my mind on it
Bill: It's a good thing in moderation.
Bill: Twice a week is excellent. Your body naturally fluctuates, so if you weigh yourself every day you'll see this and overthink things.
Bill: 
