Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): That's me and Tom
Aldus Larian (Jess): https://cynicalbounce.tumblr.com/post/184792198757
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): Omg 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <:rise:557579163511554050> nice memes
Bill: How Leanna intends to wingman.
Bill: How Leanna intends to wingman
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 😂
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): I don't know how I feel about that but <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Damn yo
Nokri (Marisa): i think it's deserved if projared's relationship status is public info, on google and his wikipedia page and whatnot 👀
unless he was lying to holly
Aldus Larian (Jess): I'm not following it super close. But always blame the cheater first, not the person try cheated with. Of course that's really hard to do when you are upset
Aldus Larian (Jess): And you believed better of that person for so long
Nokri (Marisa): o that's true
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oh yeah that happens a lot
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And sometimes the person they hmcgeated on you with didn't know
Nokri (Marisa): i wonder if holly and ross broke up because she started wanting to see other people
they said it was because holly wanted to move up north and live somewhere more rural while ross wanted to stay in the city but that's a pretty... mundane reason i guess? to get divorced over.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): But people still blame them
Aldus Larian (Jess): Yes. I mean of the person they cheated with knows about the SO then they are also being shitty but they are not the main party at fault
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Idk, I think if you sleep with someone you know is married and you don't care you're equally at fault 🤷
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But, also haven't really been following this story
Bill: Weird flex I’m still confused that a pro youtube gamer has a wife.
Nokri (Marisa): most of them are married
Nokri (Marisa): or in relationships
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): But if you're deliberately sending nudes to someone you know is married, you are a guilty party. If she didn't know, then that's another story
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think they are at fault. But not equally. And also depends situation to situation
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Evenpewdiepie is basically married
Nokri (Marisa): ye jared has more fault than holly (especially if he was lying or omitting the truth somehow) but what holly did was also bleh
Aldus Larian (Jess): Because at the end of the day your SO defilied YOUR marriage.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Holly knew, they're all part of the same online community. They were all friends. That's what really makes it bad
Aldus Larian (Jess): YEA them being friends adds a whole new level
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Holly was friends with Heidi and Jared
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And behind her back Jared and holly were sleeping together and holly was sending him nudes
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ok yea see that's different than of the girl didn't know Heidi at all. Wow what a mess I don't even know these people but ouch
Nokri (Marisa): o o f
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And Heidi found out and Jared had the audacity to say he never slept with holly
Aldus Larian (Jess): 🔪
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And she like pulled up a ton of nudes on his phone
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): And texts and stuff
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Huge yikes
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And this is in addition to him soliciting nudes from minors ahaaaa
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): Fucking yikes I didnt even hear about that part
Aldus Larian (Jess): Throw the whole man away
Nokri (Marisa): me 2 days ago
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): LMFAO
Aldus Larian (Jess): <@351785752197201920>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): <3333333
Elfriede Faun (Tom): they are so gay i love it
Elfriede Faun (Tom): cept between seasons 1 and 2
Elfriede Faun (Tom): they are distinctly not gay
Elfriede Faun (Tom): they're back to being gay in the movie though so thank goodness
