Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Is it bad my brain added “at the disco” to the end of that tweet
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): :/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): this took me too long to understand
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): scrolled through old facebook photos to find that engineering student costume and came across some other stuff
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): that was from one of my textbooks
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL what a mood
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): theres a problem in my physics textbook to figure out how fast a getaway car is going
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and in the getaway car is a bunch of poli sci majors that kidnapped physicists for saying their "science isnt real"
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): forgot I recreated the Sorcerer's Stone book cover with live action pictures lol
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): LOL
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): is that from the cringey promo posters
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): also one of my professors was a Doctor Who fan
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): the picture of Harry was from the back of the DVD
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): then I found pictures of Hogwarts, the snitch, Fluffy, and a unicorn
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): used a sunset forest background
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): and found the arched pillars
Bill: Stack overflow does a survey every year of software developers about various data...
Bill: 
Bill: I find that surprising given I'm the minority in my office, and client team.
Bill: Reddit, most popular with software developers.
Bill: Woooo Python is rising as most used language (now ranked 4th) and that's job security for me!
Bill: Music types developers listen to.
Bill: 
Bill: ACCURATE
Bill: 
Bill: The comments on this are gold cause it's people picking apparent the fake code.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): proof i need to keep studying: barely understood that
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just read the words inside 🤷
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): same
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): lol
Nokri (Marisa): It’s not loading for me rip
Bill: it's a long boi.
Nokri (Marisa): it loaded
that's incredibly lewd
Aldus Larian (Jess): who is this? <:Really:576780898142257159>
Aldus Larian (Jess): they are so smol
Aldus Larian (Jess): who are you tiny one?
Bill: Its from Tsurezure children, Kurtis was reading that and added it.
Aldus Larian (Jess): ooooo
Nokri (Marisa): ``` if (location <= 30) {
            nudes = 'yes';
        } else if (location >= 30) {
            nudes = 'no';
        } ```


is that how it should go?
Nokri (Marisa): i only know html and css
java is a type of starbucks
Aldus Larian (Jess): i know like 2 html and like .5 css
Aldus Larian (Jess): OH i did one thin java once i think
Aldus Larian (Jess): I took like 4 web dev classes but you'd never know it <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): Wow a hacker
Aldus Larian (Jess): although i may underestimate myself cuz my professor was always like "your the only person in this class who knows what they are doing" and i was like <:huh:555585958146473984>
Nokri (Marisa): You have the innate l337 hacker skillz
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): LMAO
Elfriede Faun (Tom): the biggest of moods xD
