Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: https://petapixel.com/2019/08/22/people-who-post-selfies-are-seen-as-insecure-less-likeable-study-shows/
Bill: *I disagree, I don't post selfies and I'm both of those things*
Bill: awww shit guys tiktok is going to get kids kidnapped.
Nokri (Marisa): it could if kids frequently post videos of them doing stupid things (making it clear that there aren't any adults present) in a location that a viewer of the video recognizes <:pew:543202259085950996>
Nokri (Marisa): did you guys hear about that cop that tried to kidnap a girl waiting for the schoolbus, and then peed on her when she wouldn't get into the car
Aldus Larian (Jess): WHAT
Aldus Larian (Jess): did you hear about the newark  cop that shot and killed his wife last week at his parents house in jefferson (next town over from me)
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I like how Bumble is on there, yet Tinder isn't
Nokri (Marisa): oof i didn't hear about that. last week there were two cops from my township that got arrested in atlantic city for drunk driving. one blew a 2.8 on the breathalyzer
Nokri (Marisa): https://nypost.com/2019/08/21/cleveland-cop-filmed-himself-urinating-on-12-year-old-girl-at-school-bus-stop/
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): what the fuck
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Who named this
Bill: I hope they managed to convince the entire organization it was a good idea.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): weird flex, but okay
Tikur (Kurtis): Big mood
Nokri (Marisa): the american version of anime figures
Aldus Larian (Jess): OMGG
El🆓de Faun (Tom): OMGG
Nokri (Marisa): i found this product review
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): guess what it's for
Aldus Larian (Jess): keychains?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): that keychain
Aldus Larian (Jess): ommgggg
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats amazing
Nokri (Marisa): five stars
Nokri (Marisa): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): thats the real tea
Nokri (Marisa): it reminds me of that one guy who made a list of requirements for his girlfriend, and one of them was like "no heavy makeup - makeup cannot be more than 2cm off the face"
Aldus Larian (Jess): LOL WHAT what does that even mean
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): The bottom left, what is that just foundation?
Nokri (Marisa): and eyebrow pencil, bit of blush, and mmmaybe a bit of contour?
Nokri (Marisa): it's hard to see under her neck if there's contour or not, the pose is also pretty different
Aldus Larian (Jess): OO we should do this but with ourselves!
Nokri (Marisa): YE
Nokri (Marisa): A THING I CAN DO
Nokri (Marisa): "what men think heavy makeup is" puts on full homestuck cosplay
Aldus Larian (Jess): i just put my mina makeup on
Aldus Larian (Jess): i dont where makeup to work most of the time but my "little makeup" is foundation and mascara
Nokri (Marisa): ooo for fancy days
Aldus Larian (Jess): i wear makeup when i see you  guys tho! cuz you guys deserve it, moss work does not XD
Nokri (Marisa): mine would be spot covering any acne and mmmmaybe eyeliner depending on the event
Nokri (Marisa): whaaaaa :0
Nokri (Marisa): *is the jess i know a lie? pssh, women*
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nuuuu!
Nokri (Marisa): then i must be the fake <:woah:543194447345876998>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nuuuu!
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Nokri (Marisa): Jfjdjsodn this woman photoshopped a fake bellybutton when her real one is also showing
Aldus Larian (Jess): Lmfao
Kaio Vermino (Lee): LMAO
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Looks like a completely different stomach was photoshopped on. It's crooked
Kaio Vermino (Lee): It's like the whole midsection is shopped
Kaio Vermino (Lee): I'm cracking up
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): You can see where the two skin tones meet
Nokri (Marisa): nah that's 100% natural
Nokri (Marisa): oh if you're worried about her skintone you should see this other guy
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Also the stomach looks higher res that the rest of the photo lol
Nokri (Marisa): H i m
Kaio Vermino (Lee): LMAO
Nokri (Marisa): Here’s a screenshot of the same guy from a video
Nokri (Marisa): Hmmm
Nokri (Marisa): oh dear. that guy wanted a smaller waist so he got a doctor to remove two of his ribs
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <:shrek:554719881216524310>
Nokri (Marisa): omg look at this knockoff fabric
Nokri (Marisa): genie pumba is killing me
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Zazu is just there
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Lmao
