Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Tikur (Kurtis): Jar jar was a mistake
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: Interesting.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): 沽｢ 沽ｭ
Aldus Larian (Jess): Mood
Nokri (Marisa): 
Tikur (Kurtis): https://youtu.be/tgwduflGqY0
Bill: 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Wish never disappoints
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Gee thanks wish
Bill: 
Nokri (Marisa): Half of those are all wrong
Bill: Iroha is best girl anyway.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Flirty chidlhood friend aghdkcjd
El氣電e Faun (Tom): They met her later right
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Like halfway through the damn season
El氣電e Faun (Tom): RICH ARTISTIC
El氣電e Faun (Tom): IS THAT sHELtEr?!
Nokri (Marisa): She窶冱 not really flirty though?!?
Nokri (Marisa): Rich artistic is Hyouka
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Artistic eccentric is MKIRIRHRHIDIR
El氣電e Faun (Tom): AGHHHH
Nokri (Marisa): Mikuru isn窶冲 artistic or eccentric!?!?!?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): If anything she窶囘 be flirty as an adult but not her regular self
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Only one of these that's right is haruhi
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Dayum
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH
Nokri (Marisa): Yuki could be argued as shy in the spin offs where she窶冱 not an alien but not in the main series
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Nagato is wrong too
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Cold shy maybe
Nokri (Marisa): ^
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Not eccentric
Nokri (Marisa): Def not
Nokri (Marisa): Taiga is tsun but not a loser. She窶冱 the doll of the school that everyone admires and fears.
Nokri (Marisa): Why is Masahiro under genius, she literally failed all of her classes. She should be under eccentric because she doesn窶冲 even know how to dress herself she窶冱 so not smart
Nokri (Marisa): This chart is so infuriating whO DID THIS
Bill: reddit.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Tikur (Kurtis): Just had an old man mutter "I just wanna get shot" as he had to get up from a chair,and I almost said mood out loud.
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Tikur (Kurtis): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): OOF
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Retail
