N🆗ri (Marisa): aries: broke a temple on the first meet, which later became crucial to defeating one of the major bosses.

taurus: created a small army of tamed animals to fight for them.

gemini: exploited the rules to get a rocket pack for another player.

cancer: tried to boss everyone around but ended up arguing with themselves.

leo: made shipping charts. for everyone. killed wild animals and ate them instead of bothering to buy rations.

virgo: became a vampire. somehow convinced the dm to let them wield a chainsaw.

libra: took lawful neutral to new levels. licked everything as a free action.

scorpio: pushed taurus off a cliff. twice.

sagittarius: used a bow the entire time, even though they didn’t have proficiency with it.

capricorn: fucked around for most of the campaign. somehow became part of the main villain?

aquarius: kept killing all of the npcs, even though they clearly weren’t supposed to.

pisces: had civil conversations with cthulhu.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): THATS HOMESTUCK
N🆗ri (Marisa): these are innocent zodiac signs nothing more <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Hamsteak
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Shoulda know
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: Mawisa?
N🆗ri (Marisa): Scream but in like a whisper sort of way
N🆗ri (Marisa): Such a deep post
Aldus Larian (Jess): Everytime I see this I legit think it's erik
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): same tbh
Bill: I was about to say Erik?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): ~~trying to find that shirt~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://poshmark.com/listing/Star-Trek-Baseball-Tee-5a78c83745b30c321688c84b
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Lmaoooo
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): nice wezrez cosplay
Bill: I've heard of him I think.
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): he shoots jess nigri a lot
Bill: I think I saw his katsu ad.
N🆗ri (Marisa): that model is a homestuck. her username sounds homestuck.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Blue eyes and nasa apparel, boom wise rice cosplay
N🆗ri (Marisa): ~~don't forget the homestuck backstory~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): 
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I flipped my hair the wrong way
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And instantly became anime wtf
Kaio Vermino (Leanna): tom, is this your emo phase
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's so static-y fam
Elfriede Faun (Tom): This is my emo phase  🤘
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): (//_^)
Aldus Larian (Jess): hawt
N🆗ri (Marisa): Spring 2019 anime looking interesting
Bill: *Hunter with those quality shitposts*
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
