N🆗ri (Marisa): 
Bill: https://www.animemaru.com/crunchyroll-anime-awards-adds-category-best-anime-whose-inclusion-will-get-you-to-shut-the-fuck-up/ The title is misleading for the joke.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): kitty sleep under doggo
N🆗ri (Marisa): hachiko always good boy
Bill: Hachiko such a good boi.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Is that the dread wolf?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NOOOO D:
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its Hachiko!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oo this one was a year and a half later!
Dirty Lego (Tom): The statue!
Dirty Lego (Tom): It look like the DAo statues
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i know lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): tag urself
N🆗ri (Marisa): 7
N🆗ri (Marisa): unless i'm writin fancy then 8
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i 7
Bill: 7. I think like everyone does 7.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): out of the 8 people that answered it in BNE 5 do 7
N🆗ri (Marisa): osnap did it get posted there too?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea i posted it in memes yesterday
N🆗ri (Marisa): o o p s
N🆗ri (Marisa): u right
there it is
it didn't have the tweet below it so my mind didn't make the connection. a thousand pardons pls i beg ur forgiveness
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its ok silly
N🆗ri (Marisa): jess's mercy
Dirty Lego (Tom): 7
Bill: 
Bill: Wholesome.
Bill: 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): are Japanese semesters called trimesters or is that a mistake/joke?
Bill: Ye. They are trimesters.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooo
Dirty Lego (Tom): Oof that accurate
Bill: This seems...
Bill: excessive?
N🆗ri (Marisa): arent there apps that do that for free
and if you click the side button like 5 times it'll call authorities
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): IT WILL?
N🆗ri (Marisa): ON AN IPHONE
N🆗ri (Marisa): https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208076
N🆗ri (Marisa): idk about other phones sorry
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ooook
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i wonder if my phone has seomthing like that
N🆗ri (Marisa): press everything and find out
Bill: I've opened that accidentally before.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): facebooks active status is a complete lie and makes me thing tom is just ignoring me constantly
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH
Bill: I haven't trust that in years.
N🆗ri (Marisa): my mother will be sleeping next to me and it'll say she's online at 3am. ok.
Bill: Discord yes, Facebook no. I've had it off for the last few years I think.
N🆗ri (Marisa): keep sending him messages
N🆗ri (Marisa): every minute
N🆗ri (Marisa): until he gets them all
N🆗ri (Marisa): im gonna check out beef
Bill: BLOCK HIM FFS
N🆗ri (Marisa): hmmm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): time to leave
Bill: ~~you're in Hunter's server?~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): ya but does anything ever get posted there
N🆗ri (Marisa): it's always dead
Bill: hehehe.
Bill: But also ye, I don't quite understand why he has his own server.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i have my own server and it hasn't been used since 2017 owo
N🆗ri (Marisa): *beef stole my server*
Bill: I'm sorry?
N🆗ri (Marisa): that's when beef was made
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so many server
N🆗ri (Marisa): everyone left my server for beef lol
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yeah no ignire
Dirty Lego (Tom): Only work
Dirty Lego (Tom): And browse the tokyoghoul wiki
N🆗ri (Marisa): important
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 👀
Dirty Lego (Tom): I was like.. what's the origin of ghouls
N🆗ri (Marisa): if tom ever ignored jess all life would cease to exist
Dirty Lego (Tom): There are no answers on the wiki
Dirty Lego (Tom): Ghouls just are
Dirty Lego (Tom): Teue
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i needed to make sure it was ok to buy this light therapy lamp
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im buying it, i hope it works
Bill: Oh, is it one of those daylight ones?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea the reviews are pretty good
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if it works i might buy another one
Bill: I was looking at those awhile back. Tell me how you like it.
N🆗ri (Marisa): they have accepted me back
Dirty Lego (Tom): Woooo
Bill: ~~are these the people you get your sense of humor from?~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): and i got quoted by a bot that's a little freaky
N🆗ri (Marisa): my impeccable comedic timing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the light is a cheap model but hopefully itll still work
N🆗ri (Marisa): 
N🆗ri (Marisa): there are people that live nearby and their first names are Egerton and Egertina
i'm getting suspicious half these people don't exist
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 
