Kaio Vermino (Lee): https://www.eclecticenergies.com/enneagram/test
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Personality test anyone?
Kaio Vermino (Lee): XD
Bill: and *this* has given me nothing but grief. <:salty_byleth:611377553651007499>
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: rip.
Glonk: It bugged out for me, but said I was a type 5
Glonk: And then I think type 9 was right below it
Bill: I lean towards 5 rather than 7, which is what the `XwY` notation is.
Bill: 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Lol I got the same as you bill
Nokri (Marisa): Type 5w6 it said
Nokri (Marisa): 
Kaio Vermino (Lee): 
Nokri (Marisa): Eyyyy!
Glonk: Yeah, investigator
Bill: `What all Sixes have in common however, is the fear rooted at the center of their personality, which manifests in worrying, and restless imaginings of everything that might go wrong.`
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Big mood
Bill: `This tendency makes Sixes gifted at trouble shooting,` ~~wow that's one of the key skills on my resume~~
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Mood
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): 
Bill: `Sixes in general, tend to be blind to the extent of their own anxiety. Because it is the constant back drop to all of their emotions, Sixes are frequently unaware of its existence, as they have nothing with which to contrast it.` Oh I'm mildly triggered.
Bill: Erik you're a good fucking boi
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Erik's is so wholesome
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Meanwhile the rest of us are like 5 seconds from a meltdown all the time
Bill: *and you're going to be the sexist woman in your social cirlce*
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): Damn right
Bill: If any of you did the variant test that gives instinctual variant, mine is self preservation.
Bill: 
Bill: That's accurate, again.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): Oh same
Bill: I love that these tests understand me better than I do.
Kaio Vermino (Lee): However in that variant test I got type 1
Bill: lol
Bill: That's it, that'll heal my energy.
Bill: Being a Naruto.
Bill: alternatively: poke your foot
Nokri (Marisa): Oo are you learning acupuncture
Bill: That's listed on the same website.
Nokri (Marisa): Orly?
Bill: side bar. Energy healing by type.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
El氣電e Faun (Tom): im overwhelmed agghh
El氣電e Faun (Tom): what are these types
Bill: new to me.
Aldus Larian (Jess): idk but its tell me im Emotional, sensitive and artisitic and like to daydream and im like yep, throw it in the pile
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): It me
El氣電e Faun (Tom): "You are most likely a type 3.

Taking wings into account, you seem to be a 3w2"
El氣電e Faun (Tom): me too i guess georgia
El氣電e Faun (Tom): type 1 and 6 were pretty close tho
El氣電e Faun (Tom): wack
Tikur (Kurtis): 
Nokri (Marisa): 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: That窶冱 it, that窶冱 everything about social interaction.
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Aldus Larian (Jess): 
Bill: All of those rest types are basically go be alone.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah not really 1,2,3,4,6,7,and 8 could all be done with company
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Ooof
El氣電e Faun (Tom): That us
Nokri (Marisa): Iiii thought this was a pop tart thong
Aldus Larian (Jess): Hot
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Lmaoo
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Amazing
Nokri (Marisa): 
