Aldus (Jess): 🙌
Bill: THATS RYAN
Bill: Bless that boy.
Nokri (Marisa): what did you go see? :0
Nokri (Marisa): tom ship that blue grass bruh
Nokri (Marisa): i'm going for 100% complete shipping catalogue in my file it's so weird to see an item with "unshipped" written under it
Nokri (Marisa): oooooooooooooooooooo falling out boys
Elfriede (Tom): Green hair fairy girl is doing.me a confuse
Nokri (Marisa): amber? :0
Nokri (Marisa): wow is this every popular indie streaming game from the last decade
wow has it really been a decade
Elfriede (Tom): Oh wow yee
Nokri (Marisa): *what did you do to amber*
Elfriede (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): She have wings
Nokri (Marisa): just your typical loli wings
Nokri (Marisa): she's a bachelorette
isn't she adorable
Nokri (Marisa): did i ever tame that as a pet? 🤔
Nokri (Marisa): omg i have way too many monster barns
apparently I didn't??? but I remember trying to catch all the boss monsters. i only see one in my barns where did the others go i know i have at least one more
Elfriede (Tom): 🤔 🤔 hmm
Nokri (Marisa): OH i found them. i didn't realize i had upgraded my barns so much. they were in the third room of the second barn on my bottom right field 😭
Elfriede (Tom): When do I get more fields <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): i still can't find butterfly monster tho maybe i didn't tame that yet
you can have 5 fields total! they're unlocked with prince/princess points!
if the option to get it isn't available now it'll become available as you progress the plot
Nokri (Marisa): 5 fields and 10 monster barns that can store up to 200 monsters i think
Nokri (Marisa): i think you also need stone and lumber, it gets more expensive the more you have
Nokri (Marisa): there are also fields in the wilderness! they tiny but each corresponds to a specific season so you can grow out of season crops in the wild
Elfriede (Tom): I'm farming Dem princess points as best as I can
Nokri (Marisa): the game has a TON of stuff and it kind of throws you right in, but there's no need to rush because you have as much time as you need to finish all the quests. the beginning just kind of bombards you with "you have this and this and this and this to do and those things to complete get to it," but a lot of 'em take time and you don't need to get to all of them ASAP

if u ever want tips let me know <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Nokri (Marisa): someday.........
Nokri (Marisa): actually
i have a recommendation that makes a certain part of the game funnier
depending on how far into it you are
if you want to do it
Elfriede (Tom): Damn how do you not have enough munns
Elfriede (Tom): Somedayyy
Elfriede (Tom): Yeah sure what is it?
Nokri (Marisa): how far into game are you?
Nokri (Marisa): what part are you at
Elfriede (Tom): I did the forest thingy and got the green hair girl
Elfriede (Tom): That's pm the last thing
Elfriede (Tom): We did the cooking contrst
Nokri (Marisa): ok
so that's the first dungeon
OOO did you win
Nokri (Marisa): next you'll do the second dungeon
on the third dungeon take forte with you
Nokri (Marisa): some people also recommend taking meg if your friendship is high enough but i can't remember. but definitely bring forte.
Elfriede (Tom): Ah sounds good
Elfriede (Tom): She had said to take her with me for the first one
Elfriede (Tom): But I didn't know how lmao
Nokri (Marisa): rip forte being left behind on your grand adventure :3c
you press the L or R button while having a conversation with them, and after they're done talking it brings up another menu!
Elfriede (Tom): Okay so
Elfriede (Tom): I see that it says that
Elfriede (Tom): But when I hit l or r it just makes the (press l or r) dance
Elfriede (Tom): Lmao
Nokri (Marisa): yeah!! it'll dance, just finish the conversation normally while it dances!
Elfriede (Tom): Ohhhhhh
Elfriede (Tom): Okay
Elfriede (Tom): Tat makes sense now
Nokri (Marisa): unfortunately you can't invite blossom to fight with u. so sad.
Elfriede (Tom): <@301927856240459777> found your wife
Elfriede (Tom): The town thenme is drilled into my brain
Elfriede (Tom): why is there a field in the woods <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): Emil down
Elfriede (Tom): also any of yall find the godzilla monster
