Nokri (Marisa): IM AWAKE KIND OF HOW@IS RUNE FACTORY
Elfriede (Tom): Damn is charging fam
Nokri (Marisa): the wait is killing me
Bill: A2 looks amazing, no regrets about ditching Pyrrha.
Nokri (Marisa): I can’t believe Pyrrha is dead
Aldus (Jess): Spoilers gawd
Afina (Georgia🍀): Wait really? Pyrrha???? You GuYS SPoilERS
Nokri (Marisa): It’s been 926 days Georgia. I’m sorry.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Cries
Elfriede (Tom): I'm glad they made the anime opening function with the 3D
Elfriede (Tom): EXCUSE ME
Elfriede (Tom): Fuck now I feel like I gotta
Elfriede (Tom): Well I was looking forward to waifus but
Elfriede (Tom): They chips fell where they fell
Elfriede (Tom): Is.. is this the guy from disgaea
Elfriede (Tom): So close
Elfriede (Tom): Okay so not the same guy
Nokri (Marisa): YOURE FLYIN HIGH BABY
Nokri (Marisa): the way you choose your gender in this game is flawless. Flawless.
Nokri (Marisa): Volkanon is a sensitive man
Elfriede (Tom): Thank you Miss Starbucks coffee size dragon maam
Elfriede (Tom): 
Nokri (Marisa): VENTI
I’m scream
Elfriede (Tom): What if you named yourself something silly <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): Oooo you’re playing Frey!!
Elfriede (Tom): THATS WHAT THE GAME SAID I GOT
Nokri (Marisa): Everything is hip
Elfriede (Tom): I CANT JUST DEFY IT
Nokri (Marisa): BECAUSE YOU SAID “oh my we’re so high up”
Nokri (Marisa): OH MY
Nokri (Marisa): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Nokri (Marisa): Isn’t this fun are you having fun
Elfriede (Tom): I haven't done anything yet other than stab some bois
Nokri (Marisa): F U N
Elfriede (Tom): Volkanon just said "You should try sleeping as much as possible"
Elfriede (Tom): SINCE MY HP IS LOW
Nokri (Marisa): Chlorica would agree
Elfriede (Tom): THANKS FOR KNOWING MY HP
Nokri (Marisa): WHAT U DOIN
EAT AND SLEEP
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): SHE HOLD
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): YOU CANT TELL ME WHAT TO DO
Nokri (Marisa): SHE CARRY
THE WEIGHT OF EVERYONES HOPES
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): I am well known for my how skills
Nokri (Marisa): See you’re a pro at this game already
Nokri (Marisa): Only 200 gold. Such are the early days.
Nokri (Marisa): Brings a penniless tear to my ruev
Elfriede (Tom): 
Elfriede (Tom): You already know
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): omg the clinic in rf3 was the worst, and the clinic in rf4 is also pretty bad but at least it's not as bad.
they take a % of however much money you have, so the richer you are the costlier it is to die
Nokri (Marisa): in rf3 they'd just bleed you dry for a ton of cash but in rf4 there's a cap, thank goodness.
on normal mode it caps at 50,000 gold
the more you die in a day the more expensive the clinic costs, so if eventually you don't have any money on-hand Jones will just take it all smh
if Nancy is running the clinic at the time she'll revive you for free because she's awesome like that
and if you have your lover or spouse with you, I think they both give you half-off (so caps at 25k) because you protected them
Nokri (Marisa): also in early game you can totally pass out just by planting a few seeds so be careful
you can level up doing EVERYTHING. you probably already know. there's a sleep level and a walking level and a throwing level and all sorts of levels.
Nokri (Marisa): OH and on festivals you can talk to people twice! the speech bubble over a person's head changes color when you talk to them to show that you've spoken to them that day, but on festivals you can talk to them once before the event and once after the event for different dialogue (or before like 5/6pm and after if it's a non-event festival)
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): ,what can I buy :3
Elfriede (Tom): Also yeah it reminds me of oblivion
Elfriede (Tom): Bretahing level has increased
Nokri (Marisa): any crafting materials you've previously shipped. when raven starts showing up in town she'll sell random items you've shipped like ores, furs, teeth, claws, monster limbs, etc.
Nokri (Marisa): 
Elfriede (Tom): Oh she's the shop keeper, unromancable right? Like Anna?
Nokri (Marisa): yeah 😭
she's a romance option in rune factory 3, so a lot of what she says are references to characters and locations from the prequel. there's a prince/princess order you can eventually do to make her stay in the town every day ~~which I did because she is my wife and the best~~
Nokri (Marisa): she can join your party and fight with you though which is nice. she's just missing one big fighting technique that was awesome in rf3, but due to plot she probably can't do it in 4.
Nokri (Marisa): the wedding dress from 3 is so weird. it's got like, a red boa or something? attached to the veil and it looks horrible on literally everyone except raven. even though Shara is the canon waifu in rf3, she's the main face of that game. luckily they made away with canon waifus in 4.
Nokri (Marisa): OH ALSO IMPORTANT
you lose prince/princess points for going into the opposite gender hot spring
so don't be a perv (in your case, don't enter the guy's side of the hotspring more than a few times)
there might be a funny reaction, I can't remember ~~you can test it out~~
but there's a special title you can get also. starting at scatterbrain, then suspect, then obviously doing it on purpose, to perverted prince/princess.
Nokri (Marisa): if you reach perverted prince or princess i think you lose all your PP when you enter the wrong bath
Elfriede (Tom): Oh shittttt
Elfriede (Tom): Sounds great
Elfriede (Tom): And that wedding dress is crazy lmao
Elfriede (Tom): EXCUSE
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: ~~woo that one~~
Aldus (Jess): NICE
Nokri (Marisa): she can sing. such a singer.
Bill: ~~The blonde is going to make Tom sing~~
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): tfw the game thinks the ring is a junk item because it has no selling value
Elfriede (Tom): Omggg
Elfriede (Tom): She an elf too
Nokri (Marisa): yee there two elves in town
Nokri (Marisa): the other one really should be a bachelorette too. idk why she isn't. age?
Nokri (Marisa): people really want venti to be a bachelorette too
Elfriede (Tom): Plz let me luv drago
Bill: anyone heard of cyberpunk 2077?
Aldus (Jess): Ye
Bill: whats the shtick. I saw a trailer earlier but didn't have time to watch it.
Elfriede (Tom): Just the Witcher people, no idea
Elfriede (Tom): Will have romance or something
Elfriede (Tom): Never watched the trailer
Bill: I'm curious. High Fantasy isn't my think, but cyberpunk is lit.
Afina (Georgia🍀): R O M A N C E
Afina (Georgia🍀): I need an immersive single player to replace Fallout lmao
Bill: Fallout 5 will happen.
Bill: Or just romance Hal in 76.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Upgrade from romancing NPCs is romancing REAL PEOPLE
Bill: Not like you haven't done it before.
Elfriede (Tom): 
Bill: are you even working?
Elfriede (Tom): On break foo
Bill: you're supposed to work at work, not on break. ={
Elfriede (Tom): How could I u do that to a SEAL
Elfriede (Tom): The answers in this game are all so wonky
Elfriede (Tom): It clearly does not take itself seriously
Elfriede (Tom): AHHH
Elfriede (Tom): Who left chocolate and rice in this potted plant
Elfriede (Tom): Is... Is this hayate?
Aldus (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): "would it be possible for me to call you princess"
Aldus (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elfriede (Tom): WHY IS IT VENTIS BRITHDAY ALREADY
Elfriede (Tom): I can't make her pankakes I'm flat broke
Aldus (Jess): Damn gurl chant cahnge her birthday
