Nokri (Marisa): OwO 
The fourth monster person you save
Elfriede (Tom): Ah haven't seen him yet
Elfriede (Tom): Currently it's going to be Hayate or Aldus
Aldus (Jess): Aldus? 😮
Nokri (Marisa): vishal or ? OwO
Elfriede (Tom): Dylas
Nokri (Marisa): ooooooooooo
Nokri (Marisa): fish boy
Nokri (Marisa): aldus a horse now
Elfriede (Tom): Yes aldus a horse now
Elfriede (Tom): He like fish
Elfriede (Tom): Idk what horse like fish but
Nokri (Marisa): porcoline's horse
Elfriede (Tom): He better have a strong back <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Nokri (Marisa): Porco is ruthless he straight up dropped me into a hole multiple times
Aldus (Jess): Kinky
Elfriede (Tom): oh
Elfriede (Tom): ill tell who im mad at
Elfriede (Tom): *THEDOCTORFORTHOSEREDICULOUSFUCKINGMEDICALBILLSWHODOESHETHINKHEIS*
Nokri (Marisa): how much u pay?
Elfriede (Tom): 10k >>
Nokri (Marisa): :3c
Elfriede (Tom): or should i saw 20% of my money
Nokri (Marisa): are you dating anyone because if you fight with them he might give you a discount
nancy the real MVP, she'll heal you for free
Elfriede (Tom): yeah
Nokri (Marisa): dw i think it caps at 50k
Elfriede (Tom): nancy best
Elfriede (Tom): im lvl 59
Elfriede (Tom): i have a monky plush as a shield
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH sophia always used that in rf3 lol
Elfriede (Tom): i dont have to worry about running out of time right? cuz i really wanted some decent armour before going to the forurth area
Nokri (Marisa): nah you're fine take all the time you need. there's no time limit to anything that I recall
Nokri (Marisa): ur still rather early in the game :3c
Elfriede (Tom): :3c
Elfriede (Tom): yeah ive been really taking my time with the main story missions
Elfriede (Tom): trying to keep up
Elfriede (Tom): with money and weapons
Elfriede (Tom): im still on year 1 summer
Elfriede (Tom): OH HOW DO I GROWSWORD AND SHIELD FLOWERS LMAO
Elfriede (Tom): CAN I PLANT SWORD
Nokri (Marisa): woooaaaahhhh u goin through so quickly to be on leon karnack however it's spelled already
Nokri (Marisa): YEAH!
Nokri (Marisa): u gotta get sheild/sword flower seeds
Elfriede (Tom): yeah i think thats spelled right >w>
Nokri (Marisa): i think eliza will give you some before a quest?
Elfriede (Tom): oh hmmm
Nokri (Marisa): they get unlocked eventually. tbh they kind of stink, even level 10 ones
Nokri (Marisa): fun to grow tho
Elfriede (Tom): yeah i just need them for the daily quests
Elfriede (Tom): i was doing 3 a day along with filling every spot of every field with plants for the first entire season
Elfriede (Tom): i even skipped sleeping for it sometimes
Elfriede (Tom): but HEY, im pretty high level for the season i guess
Elfriede (Tom): i always had this feeliing of a tiome limit for somereason so i rushed
Nokri (Marisa): naw no rush u r free like bird
Nokri (Marisa): if your fields aren't producing good stuff, like if the level of the seeds you harvest aren't going up, till some corn or weeds into your fields to raise the quality
Elfriede (Tom): hmmm ive just been shoving a ton of plants into the compost but
Elfriede (Tom): till?
Elfriede (Tom): or you meen the compost bin thingy?
Elfriede (Tom): OH YE THAT BOI BEEN FULL
Elfriede (Tom): *so glad it automattically uses itself*
Nokri (Marisa): OH YEAH that helps!!! that basically prevents the soil quality from going down das good
Nokri (Marisa): you can also manually till by putting corn/weeds on the ground and smacking it with a hoe
Nokri (Marisa): ~~smack the weed with a hoe *this is a pure game i promise*~~
Elfriede (Tom): :3
Elfriede (Tom): I saved Leon
Elfriede (Tom): I have seen the error.of.my ways
Elfriede (Tom): Dylas is not aldus
Nokri (Marisa): ya i was so confused
the true fuzzy boi is here now
Nokri (Marisa): he's ripped
Nokri (Marisa): shoutout to the rf3 doctor's visit payment cap
Elfriede (Tom): Oh
Nokri (Marisa): dance
Nokri (Marisa): cha cha now y'all
Aldus (Jess): 👀
Bill: Tom, Jess, are either of your computers built?
Aldus (Jess): They both are, mine was pretty assembled, his he did himself
