Aldus (Jess): ```Characters: Aldus, Eliran
The Violet Light's Rest
```
Aldus (Jess): Aldus head's back to his own room after leaving Desii. just then he notices Eliran coming up the stairs. Aldus feels a slight sense of betrayal rise up within him as they get closer to each other, Aldus calls out to him. "Eliran, or should I say Eliran Cantaret, of the Cantaret Household and Trading Company" the sarcasm in his voice is obvious.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran looked up to the laguz, "yes..?" he said mildly confused at the sarcastic comment.
Aldus (Jess): "When exactly were you going to tell me about this title of yours? Assume we never met up with this princess and the knight."
Eliran (Halim): "About my what?" He asked tone shifting from confused more to a slightly unsettled sound as he reached the top of the stairs and stood next to Aldus. "I told you my name when we met."
Aldus (Jess): "yes, but you failed to inform me of your trading company affiliation, i thought you too be a run of the mill bard, not some heir to a trading company"
Eliran (Halim): Eliran continued to the door of their room, unlocking it. "Actually my brother is heir. Much more into the whole business shtick." He opened the door and looked to Aldus, holding it open for the Laguz, "What difference does it make?"
Aldus (Jess): Aldus stops in front of Elrian as he holds the door open for him. "The difference it makes is we've been traveling together for weeks and you never mentioned this once, then you out right announce it as if it was common fact, I've already got one companian who refuses to tell me anything about herself, I don't need another."
Eliran (Halim): "Your comparing me to Nokri?" Eliran said incredulously, and then shook his head as he entered the room, slipping around Aldus and leaving the door to him. "I didn't tell you because it doesn't matter. I am who I am, not some name for you to ogle." He added as he prepared his bed, almost refusing to look at Aldus by preoccupying himself with other matters.
Aldus (Jess): "No I... Didn't... I... Ugh look I don't want to fight. I was just caught off guard. This place has me very... Uptight? I was just surprised is all. I'm sorry, you're right, you are who you are."
