Aldus (Jess): ```
Characters: Aldus, Desii
The Violet Light's Rest
```
Aldus (Jess): Aldus approaches Desii's door with hesitation. *I hope she's not already sleeping, I hope I don't bother her too much, she probably needs to rest after this strange night, ancestors... maybe I should do this in the morning? NO It's gotta be now, I'm already all the way here, just do it Aldus* he places two slow knocks on the dark wooden door, trying  not to startle the young woman. "Desii?" he calls in a  gentle voice "It's Aldus"
Bill: Desii looks up from Zaimar's tome at the knock on the door. She had been sitting on the bed, reading the tome intently curled up in her white nightgown. Her eyebrows quirked, *Why would Aldus need to visit?*. She pondered this as she slowly swung her feet off the bed, feet sliding into her warm boots. She leaves the tome on the bed and heads for the door, opening it. 

"Good evening Aldus. To what do I owe the pleasure?" she says lightly, the multiple candles lighting the room filling the hall with a warm light.
Aldus (Jess): "Good evening to you too, I hope I'm not disturbing you too much?" he says noting the warm glow and discarded book. "I was hoping we could discuss a little bit more about my reason for being in Eraia, as well as yours? This place has me quite uncomfortable" he admits rubbing the back of his neck nervously.
Dizzy: Desii blinks twice at the stiffly speaking Aldus. He really must be uncomfortable being in Eraia.

"Sure." she say with a quiet smile. "We can talk about your things first, mine is pretty straight forward. What's bothering you?" she says as she turns on her heel, opening the door the rest of the way and heading for the bed. She sits on the side of the bed, hands in lap after she motions for Aldus to take the desk chair.
Bill: !ghost Desii blinks twice at the stiffly speaking Aldus. He really must be uncomfortable being in Eraia.

"Sure." she say with a quiet smile. "We can talk about your things first, mine is pretty straight forward. What's bothering you?" she says as she turns on her heel, opening the door the rest of the way and heading for the bed. She sits on the side of the bed, hands in lap after she motions for Aldus to take the desk chair.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus takes a seat "Well, as you know, I'm here in Trisp for the Crysalin flower. I believe you said it grows out on the coast here? You also said you had interest in studying if i recall, and I doubt I would be able to find it on my own. I was hoping you'd be willing to go with me?"
Bill: "I wouldn't say study, per-say..." Desii says, brushing a lock of hair behind her ear. "It's a tad embarrassing, but I heard about Crysalin in a romance novel once. There's a beautiful cliffside in the story that is lined with Crysalin flowers. The flowers gleam like dew drops in the sun, shining against the rock until they wilt away. When they do, they become water and drop into sea below, as do their seeds. The seeds are washed into the cliff face during storms, starting the cycle all over again." she says. 

"It was a beautiful back drop for Guilan to make his propo...sal..." Desii trails off. "I think I can skip the details of the novel itself. Might not really be relevant here." she says with a sheepish smile, rubbing the back of her neck awkwardly.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus is caught off guard by Desii's sudden enthusiasm . He thought she was after the flower for some scholarly purpose, since she seemed very interested in learning. Her sudden outburst is surprisingly endearing though. He finds himself smiling at her wistfully at her passion. "That sounds like a lovely story." He's careful not to laugh for fear of her taking it as criticism when in reality he is simply amused. "Well, whatever your reason is, I was hoping to have company for the search, I suspect Eliran will be off on his own way soon, and Nokri also, once she finds some other poor soul to attach herself too for protection" then he mumbles slightly under his breath: "poor bastard."
Bill: "Well..." Desii says, looking down at her knees as she idly flattens out her gown. "I don't really mind accompanying you. I haven't had too much of a plan, though you may have figured it out already." she chuckles awkwardly. "I'd like to learn some light magic while I'm here, but it's a passing interest. I'm not sure what to do with myself, really. I left so quickly, I just knew I wanted to see beyond Hylley... Probably a bad reason to go traveling, right?"
Aldus (Jess): *Better than being virtually outcasted* He thinks to himself fatalistically. "I believe you had more than enough reason to leave from what you've told me" He doesn't explore further, not wanting to bring up unwanted thoughts.  "I didn't have much a plan either when I left home either, although you've managed to change that for me, thank you." He says honestly.
Bill: "eh?" Desii says, looking up at the wolf laguz. His emerald eyes seem to glimmer in the candle light as he thanks her. "I don't think I really did anything, honestly!" she says, waving her hands in front of her in denial. "I'm not even sure what happened, honestly. Ever since I met you three it's been a blur..." She continues, eyes leaving Aldus's own. Desii hesitates for a moment.

"You said 'poor soul' before, when talking about Nokri... You two seem to know each other more than Eliran, that's just an... odd turn of phrase to use." Desii says, losing track of what she wanted to ask as she speaks.
Aldus (Jess): "Don't discredit yourself now, I had been wandering somewhat aimlessly before you." He leans back in his chair, propping up his left ankle on his right knee and folding his arms over his chest. He's beginning to feel a bit more comfortable now. 

He chuckles softly "You heard that, huh? Yea well, the way Nokri and I met was... strange to say the least, I can't say I know her very well. She is extremely closed off from others, and she's been very... cold? to me at least, despite defending her for the past few months... The only time she's shown me anything to the contrary was in that bandit hideout, and only for a moment.  Seems to like all these big shot nobles that we dined with tonight though. "
Bill: Desii leaned back herself, momentarily forgetting there was nothing behind her. Adjusting to a less grandose lean back, she stares upward at the ceiling. Desii flips through her memories of the smaller girl, both her interactions with Aldus and everyone else in her mind. 

"I'd have suspected that was her approach to everyone, honestly... Maybe you know her better than everyone else, because you notice those differences?" She says, flipping her forward and tilting it slightly.
Aldus (Jess): "Perhaps... I suspect it all has to do with money at status to her, she knows I have humble finances and there's nothing to gain from me, therefore I'm useless to her... Except when I save her life it would seem, but I digress"
Bill: "Why would she continue to travel with you then? Is there not something more to it?" Desii asks. "I suppose it could just have happened, after all, I just picked up and joined the three of you." she adds with a shrug.
Aldus (Jess): "She claimed she was trying to help me find a cure for my inability to transform, whether that was the truth or simple a way to get a free body guard I don't know. Or maybe she was hoping we'd find the cure and she could get rich of f of it, since everything seems to lead back to money with her"  Aldus lets out a deep sigh, then directs the subject away from the small blonde woman "But enough about that, with all these loaded pockets around i suspect she'll be leaving my side soon enough. Is there any work of Enera?"
Bill: Desii frowns as Aldus laments Nokri's personality. Nokri is... well, not endearing for sure but Desii never pegged the small girl for manipulative. Her common sense points out that Desii doesn't have a great track record for identifying manipulative people. Desii chooses to ignore that, Nokri had to be younger than her. Zaimar was who he was because... well, he was. Desii wasn't to about to assume all people were like him. 

"I didn't make any effort after dinner, it was so late I assumed the monastery was closed. I can't imagine it'd be so easy to find her, but it'd certainly be something if it was!" Desii says, happy to change gear out of her thoughts. "My plan is go in the morning and find her there. Can't be too hard, can it?"
Aldus (Jess): "You met the Princess at the monastery, yes? Eliran seems to know her quite well... Can't imagine what she's doing in Eraia though... Maybe she knows something? or more likely someone she knows, knows something. "
Bill: "We may find out, if Eliran and her continue to spend time together. The Princess seems nice, ~~wholesome, totally not shacking up with Elfriede right now~~ I'd like it if we could." Desii says. "Ah, to bring it back around, the monastery is the first building to be built in Trisp and there's a lot of knowledge there. It may have the location of the Crysalin written down somewhere." 

"We can't spend forever walking down the beaches of Eraia's shores, after all." She says with a smile and light giggle. "Will you accompany me there in the morning?"
Aldus (Jess): "Sounds like a plan to me, perhaps we can kill two birds with one stone? That would be lucky indeed. I believe it had gotten quite late while we've been chatting." Aldus rises from his chair near the desk and turns toward the door. "I've enjoyed talking to you Desii. I will let you return to your studies, or your novels if you prefer." Referencing her earlier excitment.
Bill: Desii laughs loud and clearly. "Oh no, I didn't bring any of those with me. Good night Aldus, I'll see you in the morning." she says, waving to the Laguz as he closes the door behind him.
Bill: `[end aside]`
