Eliran (Halim): ```Lovation: Trisp Bathhouse
Characters: Elfriede, Eliran```
Elfriede (Tom): Faun realized that he had been relaxing for some time and abruptly sat up straight. He couldn't laze around too much or he'd begin to feel a bit lazy. He submerged his hair in the water and scrubbed at it with a scented bar of a mixture of animal milk and herbs. He pushed his hair back and slowly did the same over his whole body. As he got to his face he dunked his head in the water and looked up wiping his eyes clear. As his vision went from blurry to clear he made out someone familiar among and few people in the pool. The man with green curls and the instrument. 

Elfriede immediately felt a mixture of jealous and awkward. Feelings of which he still didnt quite understand. He briefly decided to remain quiet, as he didnt want to engage in the awkward conversation about the situation with the man's friends again. Elfriede found himself deep in thought again about the man's origins and how he knew the princess. Afina had told him a little the night before, but this man clearly knew a lot about her. Had... they had a previous relationship? Perhaps he was courting her? 

Just as Elfriede reasoned to leave the bath, Eliran's teal eyes slide from deep in thought to directly in contact with his Amber orbs. Faun froze and gripped the towel around his waist tightly.  *Maybe he wont recognize me.*
Eliran (Halim): Eliran, currently towelless as he was lower half was submerged, looked at what seemed to be a spooked man directly in the eye. He then slowly looked the man up and down, _quite the specimen, at least Afina has good taste_ Eliran thought as he recognized the knight. The two shared eye contact for an awkward amount of time before Eliran broke the silence, "hello sir faun, nice day for a bath don't you think?" _I had planned on talking to him... I guess this works_ Eliran thought, trying to keep some sense of decorum in the situation
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede shifted uncomfortablely looking down and eyed the new scar across his abdominal muscles, pretending not to notice the man.. til he spoke. *Hello Sir Faun.. nice day for a bath don't you think?*

"A-ah yes it really is ..." Faun frantically scrambling through his memory to not seem rude. "Eliran was it?" The man's voice was smooth and Faun felt a bit more at ease. 

However against Faun's sound mind.., the way this man spoke.. he felt as if he was no match for him, and Afina would fall for him at any moment. Jealousy lightly boiled inside of him, which he swiftly forced down, trying to stay reasonable. He shouldn't feel this way...

"What have you been up to? And furthermore, are you and your folk hanging around Trisp a while? I'm sure the princess would appreciate some faces she knows..." He sort of awkwardly said, idlely trying to make conversation so it didn't stray to the events yesterday.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran looked at the Faun, the man was clearly uncomfortable, and sounded a bit rushed as he tried to build conversation. 
Giving a small laugh, Eliran motioned for Elfriede to sit near him, "calm down man, it's a bathhouse, no need to force pleasantries and speed through a chat." He said, hoping to get Elfriede to slow down. "I actually wanted to talk to you a bit."
--- 
Normally, Eliran wore mostly loose long sleeve clothing, as was appropriate for a bard of his sort. In the bathhouse, one could begin to see it wasn't all he was. As Elfriede got closer to the Bard, he could notice the mans more toned appearance, with a lean muscle definition. What was notable however were the surprising bulk of his arms and back, which had been groomed from years of training with bows, working towards a mastery of mobile archery using a specialized recurve bow.
Eliran (Halim): It was an odd appearance for a man who was supposed to be a wealthy merchant's son and musician.
Elfriede (Tom): "ah." Faun winced a bit at his offer to move closer... but begrudingly raised himself up out of the water a bit to walk over closer to Eliran. He tightly gripped his towel of course as he stood the water dropping off of him into the pool as he made his way closer, sitting a couple feet to elirans left. 

"What is it you wanted to speak about?" He said in a more serious tone than he had intended. Faun still felt a bit uptight being so close to someone he had barely met... naked. Plus.. he feared what he was going to be asked by the Canterat.
