Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede raised an eyebrow at that. "We'll see, I doubt anyone would be foolish enough to attack a princess... at least an official wouldnt. The reprocussions would be immense, even for a fanaticist... or someone that still holds the old beliefs. Regaurdless, I'll be sure that whatever happens is just. I serve Lady Lylalel, but I am also not a fool." 

Faun began to mull over what the Canterat had said to him and came to an odd conclusion. "What do you think this had to do with Enera?"
Eliran (Halim): Eliran turned and leaned back against his desk, facing Elfriede again. "My companions and I are looking for a young girl, in her teen years. Years ago she was kidnapped from a Calloran town next to the Eraian border. Apparently she was a growing to be a talented self taught light mage." Eliran picked up the arrow lying on his desk and fiddled with it a little, "Care to guess her name?"
Eliran (Halim): Eliran turned and leaned back against his desk, facing Elfriede again. "My companions and I are looking for a young girl, in her teen years. Years ago she was kidnapped from a Calloran town next to the Eraian border. Apparently she was a growing to be a talented self taught light mage." Eliran picked up the arrow lying on his desk and fiddled with it a little, "Care to guess her name?"
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede sat there for a bit. Perhaps it was coincidence, and perhaps... Regaurdless he wouldnt rush to any conclusions for this scenario. He sat up and stretched.

"I'll be sure to keep an eye out for information that might serve promote or disprove your theory. If that is all, I'll be going. I'll be sure to keep this between us."
Eliran (Halim): "So you can't tell me anything about Enera at the moment?" Eliran asked, "Well I guess that was to much to hope for." he sighed standing straight. 
"Well I guess thats everything. Would you like to join me as I look for Afina?"
Elfriede (Tom): "I.. need to think.. I'll catch up with you later.. or sometime in the next few days to let you know what I've discovered. I really must return for a bit of training before the night draws in."

"Unless she's at the monastery, I'll be returning there now. If she's not there... Perhaps she took a walk out into the market?"
Eliran (Halim): "I'll join you en route to the monastery then, it's the only solid place I'd guess she would be at." Eliran picked up his lute case, "I'm a bit concerned my friends might have gone looking for Enera there and caused unnecessary trouble anyways. Having tact is not how I'd describe them.
Elfriede (Tom): [end aside]
