Eliran (Halim): "Nothing to serious," Eliran leaned back against the edge of the pool, his right arm outstretched along the wall, the other down. "I heard your travels with Afina were tough." he mentioned idly
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede eyes shot to his as he mutter those words. *how much did she tell him?*  "Y-yes, unfortunetly several hard battles were fought on our way to Lyall, it being such high risk territory right now saw to that..." He paused for a moment to consider. "I'm assuming she told you some of the story, did you wish to know more indepth? ...or... was there something else you wished to discuss Ser Cantaret?"
Eliran (Halim): For a brief moment Eliran's face contorted to a somewhat disgruntled look, like he had just smelled something displeasing, "Please call me Eliran, formal titles are bothersome." He shook his head, "She told me a bit, something about laguz bandits and pirates I think?" He shrugged, "You two must have become real good partners to survive all of that eh?'
Elfriede (Tom): "Yes, indeed we've begun to work well togethor, although... we did have a bit of help from some other companions as well as Ransfords men during the Bandit fight... and the sailors during the pirates." he added with a slight chuckle.

Elfriede smiled, "But yes, we were begining to compliment eachother nicely. I had also begun to show her some basic military tactics as well as sword fighting skils on the side... In exchange she had taught me... well tried to teach me a bit of magic." 

*Among this talk of Afina, Faun began to picture her again, feeling nervous for the future converstaion they were to have soon.*
Eliran (Halim): "Ha" eliran barked a small laugh, "Afina, a teacher? That'd be a sight to see" he shook his head, seeming quite amused with the idea"talented and learning oriented as she might be, that girl doesn't have the patience or humility to teach in her." 
Eliran paused for a moment, taking a second to collect himself, "so.. you two, just compliment each other well in a fight?" he asked looking at Elfriede with a raised eyebrow, "or did you find yourself 'complimenting' each other well off the battlefield as well?" His tone was curious, and casual, and if anything else slightly suggestive.
Elfriede (Tom): "I..." Elfriede paused at the straight forward curiosity. Of course sending him back into thought about the princess and the night before.  "...I'm beginning to think so." He said before thinking. 

Faun was curious as to this line of questioning. *Is he trying to size me up as competition?* Faun narrowed his eyes a bit again.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran looked at the knight, he hadn't expected the man to actually answer him properly. He looked back at the pool, "well figure it out quickly, " Eliran was a bit concerned of the Knights hesitant answer, but he chalked it up to not being already close to Elfriede. "Theres only so much time you have before she goes back to Callora or Theanovene." He looked at the Faun, "plus its rude to keep a lady waiting."
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede sat in silence a bit in reflection. He was right... Tonight for sure he'd speak to her... And tell her.. so they can move onward. 

Faun looked to Eliran and nodded sincerely and seriously.
Eliran (Halim): Eliran looked at Elfriede, who very sincere and serious demeanor seemed a bit out of place in a bathhouse, "You Eraians are quite serious folk," he said, "as long as you understand it's good though." 
Eliran then began to stand up, getting ready to leave, "Oh and by the way," he started, turning around to face Elfriede, then putting a hand on the knights shoulder as he leaned in close somewhat towering over the shorter, still seated man, "if you _ever_ hurt her,  an arrow is the only hard thing anybody will find there." He added with the politest of grins, pointing towards the mans groin with his other hand. 
Eliran straightened up and then grabbed his towel, "well can't stay to long, it was nice chatting" he said cheerily before stepping past Elfriede, giving the man a light pat on the shoulder before walking out of the bath.
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede sat stunned for a minute as Eliran walked out of the bath room. *Did.. that bard just threaten me?* Not entirely sure what transpired at the end, what he got from it was to not hurt the Princess. Which, of course he never meant to. He left the conversation once again unsure of where he stood with the teal eyed bard.
---
Elfriede stood and wrung out his hair the best he could, pushing it back once more to get it out of his eyes. Faun finished up bathing and returned tot he clerk to retrieve his clothes and armour and donned them both, making sure to of course tip the clerk and offer a small prayer to the goddess. 

*What to do for the rest of the day...*
Elfriede (Tom): [end aside 💦💦 ]
