Eliran (Halim): "Well... it has to do with the girl named Enera..." Eliran started, with a look of concern he looked around, "sorry is there somewhere we could discuss this privately?" Eliran looked to Elfriede.
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede eyes flickered at the recognized name. He sighed lightly and waved for Eliran to follow him. *He was going bring him directly to the monastery, but something told him they shouldn't have this particular conversation there.*

Faun instead stopped short and turned back to him. "Perhaps we should return to where you are rooming actually."
Eliran (Halim): "Ah yes... that would probably be a good place" Eliran nodded, "ok then I guess follow me." He said as he began to lead the way, checking briefly to make sure the Faun was following him. After they had started walking, Elirsn asked, "Sir Faun?"
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede was passively following him and his eyes had glazed over a bit as he began to get lost in thought about Enera... And the ever persitant thoughts of the princess... Eliran called out to him before he got too deep.

Elfriede glanced up to him  walking ahead of him. "Hmm?"
Eliran (Halim): "Before we talk about Enera, how well versed on Calloran and Eraian relations?" He asked, looking ahead again.
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede slowed down his walk briefly, then sped back up to catch up, slightly caught off.gaurd by the question. 

"I know enough that we're.... the countries are not on good terms..." He said semi matter-of-factly.
Eliran (Halim): "To put it simply yes" Eliran replied, "and in recent years things have not been improving. It's part of why Afinas trip is inportant. A kind of show of good graces."
Elfriede (Tom): *Elfriede nods a bit*
"Yes, I am aware of that sir Canterat. I personally would like to see it through, I think our countries could do much for eachother while still maintaining our individuality. It'll take alot to convince the older folk of such, but perhaps in time...?"
Eliran (Halim): Eliran shook his head, "the key word I used was _show._ While Afina's trip here seems like a step in tensions between Eraia and Callora." He explained, "There are few that think it will lead anywhere, especially here in Eraia." They arrived at the inn, "lets head inside."
Eliran (Halim): ```End Aside```
