Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Fauns eyes slowly opened to ambient sounds of nature in the fall. Small animals scurrying through freshly fallen leaves and the sounds of the remaining few birds. The sunrise was bright and piercing unlike the previous day. *Today is going to be a warm day* ran through Elfriede's mind in his morning haze… when he realized that his bedroll was oddly warm for the fall.

He attempted to move to sit up when he realized his legs were intertwined with another. Faun opened one eye to the top of his companion's head; her face near to his chest as her shoulders rose and fell slowly from her breaths. Almost gasping aloud as both his eyes opened wide, his right arm pinned under the princess’s head. 

He didn't know what to do, or what he was going to say when she awoke; he couldn't slip off and avoid the whole interaction. His face feeling warm and flushed as he remembered the night before. Soon enough the princess began to stir.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina’s eyelids fluttered as she woke up, the chirping of birds and rustle of the wind through the trees signaling the princess that it was time to start the day. Half-asleep, Afina tried to shift in her bedroll, before realizing that she was firmly held in place by… _someone!?_ The princess woke with a start, confused as to where she was and more importantly _who_ she was with. She relaxed at the sight of a familiar purple and white outfit. _I remember now_, she thought. _Elfriede and I shared a bedroll to sleep last night. But this is much closer than we were last night… right?_ 

Afina looked up to see if Elfriede was still asleep, only to be eye to eye with the knight. The princess fumbled for words. “I… uh. Good morning. Elfriede. How did you sleep?”
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: He felt Afina stiffen a bit almost in a slight panic. She looked up at him and visibly relaxed, which helped him feel a bit more relaxed as well. 

Faun smiled, “The best I've had in a while.” The knight shifted a bit and realized just how interlocked their legs were, how close they were… 

He knew he wouldn't be able to see her in the same light as when he first arrived in Theonovane. There was something new, the new thoughts and emotions swirling about in him made him anxious. 

“I-I’m sorry Fina, .. as a knight and you current protector I shouldn't let…” his voice trailed off as he stared at her eyes. He wasn't sure what to say or do to convey his feelings. He felt like a selfish child.

Faun moved forward and embraced her tightly with little context for a few moments, then propped himself up to a sitting position.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Elfriede, similarly, seemed to be at a loss for what to say. For the first time, Afina considered that perhaps she wasn’t the _only_ one assessing where their “friendship” lay. _It’s possible after all this time, Elfriede was in a similar position as myself_, she thought, analyzing his face. The knight was calm, relaxed, and looked the most content as she had seen him look in all their travels. His demeanor suddenly shifted to be more defensive, as he stuttered out an apology. 

Afina wanted to assure him that his status as knight was not the only thing that defined him in her eyes. After travelling for nearly three weeks together, unseparated, it would only be natural that they become at least friends. She wanted to tell him that their relationship was likely no longer defined by their roles as protector and charge, but to think so and say so were two entirely different actions. Not to mention, if the princess was wrong in her assumptions…

Afina suddenly found herself in a tight embrace, and all her thoughts fell away. In that moment, all that existed was Elfriede’s comforting hold on her. Though no words were exchanged between the two, Afina understood what he was trying to convey. Platonic or not, it was obvious that they cared for each other. The comforting talks, training together, defending each other’s backs in the face of absolute danger. It was a deep connection that the Laeran had not forged with any other individual. Afina buried her face in Elfriede’s chest, closing her eyes to lose herself in their embrace. She wished they could forgo Trisp to stay like this, but such an expectation was unrealistic. Laera would always need her, and she could not forget her country to run off with some _knight_. Afina had never taken herself for cliches, and yet, here she was. _A princess seemingly chasing after a knight_, she thought.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Elfriede propped himself up to a sitting position, and Afina followed suit, sitting with her legs crossed on top of the bedroll. No matter what, the two of them would have to discuss the events of last night. Was this their new “norm”, to hold hands and sleep next to each other? Such actions were typically reserved for romantic partners, at least in Laera. Perhaps Eraians, with their staunch observances of cleanliness (which made for many more occasions for nudity) and their ideals of military kinship, were more likely to take such exchanges as platonic. 

“Thank you, Elfriede, but you have no need to apologize. Though we have humble beginnings as simply escort and charge, I’m proud to call you a devout friend now. No need to relegate our relationship to such strict, formal titles,” she smiled, hoping to reassure him. Even still, what he had begun to say before tugged at her mind. _I shouldn't let…_ he had said. _Let what, exactly?_ she thought. 

Furthermore, how was she supposed to ask if this was their standard behavior now? It was an awkward question, and would make it seem like she placed expectations on Elfriede either way. Afina _wanted_ it to be the standard now, as she would only want to continue being close to the knight. But perhaps such expectations were wrong. “Is this, however, the new standard for us now?” she asked, with a tightness that gave away how awkward she felt. _Good job Afina, now he’s either offended or repulsed_, she thought.
Elfriede (Tom) ♍: Afina's words put part of him at ease. However, he still had his new emotions to entertain. *"Is this, however, the new standard for us now?*  She said it.. oddly to him. So straight forward. He had trouble understanding what she was trying to convey. *Confusion? Did she feel awkward?* Elfriede pondered it for a bit and got quiet. The knight-leiutenant was suddenly concious of all of his actions towards her, but...  didnt want to pass up the oportunity to spend more time close to her either. 

After a few moments he broke eye contact and looked down as if embarrased. "I'm sorry... I think... I want to be selfish..." He paused a moment trying to get the words out. "I would like to until we reach Trisp." He felt a tightness in his chest and his stomach.
Afina (Georgia🍀): Elfriede looked away. "I would like to until we reach Trisp". Afina blinked in surprise, wholly expecting the knight to want to maintain his personal space. Afina's own breath was caught in her chest, shocked to have received the exact answer that she had been searching for. "As would I," she said softly. "Once we reach the monastery we can once again evaluate to see if this is still such the best course of action. With the press ever vigilant and such the tension between Eraia and Callora as it is." 

She patted his hand reassuringly before standing up. "We can talk about it the night we arrive in the monastery. Yes?" _And then perhaps... maybe it will be safe to tell him how I truly feel_, she thought.
