Bill: `50.112.146.4` this IP.
Bill: I saw you join Erik. Any issues?
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): no, just difficult to maneuver with trackpad
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): can't find my mouse
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): probably buried somewhere in my mess of a room
Elfriede Faun (Tom): installing java
Elfriede Faun (Tom): oh boy
Elfriede Faun (Tom): goodtimes
Elfriede Faun (Tom): visions of runescape
Elfriede Faun (Tom): whos gonna make auri skins of all the characters so we can use em
Elfriede Faun (Tom): that... actually isnt that hard
Elfriede Faun (Tom): i might do that someday
Bill: Pretty stable rn, so I think the hosting service good.
Bill: also they added a receipe book and that makes things so much easier to remember.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): yep thats been in for a few years now
Elfriede Faun (Tom): very usefull
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): im booting it up to see if it works but then i gotta study
N🆗ri (Marisa): How do you join a server? Is there an option for that when starting up the game
N🆗ri (Marisa): Can anyone access it at any time 
Do we have laws or guidelines for the server has anyone built anything
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): <@351785752197201920> 😂 😂 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I was stalking Tom and then hit him
N🆗ri (Marisa): im on an ancient computer updating years of updates
N🆗ri (Marisa): trying to get it to run
N🆗ri (Marisa): 105mb remaining oh boy
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m in
How do I join server?
Bill: you figured it out.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): minecart railroad between our houses?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): an idea
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): someone should roll with it
Bill: sure.
Bill: that requires iron though.
Bill: and.
Bill: yeah.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): and we live in an iron blight lmao
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oof
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Too slow
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'mma dip
N🆗ri (Marisa): F
N🆗ri (Marisa): YEAH WHERES FHE IRON
Elfriede Faun (Tom): started my house finally thou!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): after building a road for 2 hours
Bill: I can reboot it to see if that cleans it up, else we'd have to move to a more powerful server instance.
Bill: which is mones.
N🆗ri (Marisa): THE SERVER SPEAKS
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I stumbled across the framework of Tom's house. Looks good
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I started building my dwelling about one ravine away from Tom
N🆗ri (Marisa): Cool so we’re all neighbors
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): just like in canon Aurii
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah! Wooo
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Someday I hope those road become a thriving highway for trade
Bill: rebooting now, hopefully better quality with this.
Bill: it up again.
Bill: but no better rip.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): F
N🆗ri (Marisa): The blocks were disappearing fine and then I got disconnected <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> might’ve already been disconnected
N🆗ri (Marisa): F
N🆗ri (Marisa): We can try again another time
Bill: I shut it down, wanna try and upgrade.
Bill: Did not upgrade cause that could be like 30 bucks a month and that's oof.
Bill: leaving it up, we'll see what happens.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i think when i had a server in middle school we had the same issue
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): you just had to wait for it to stop doing that after like an hour
Bill: It may have been building chunks in the background yeah.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I like creative mode
Bill: I meant to ask if I should change the server to creative yesterday but now that we’ve all started building infrastructure switching would be kinda sad.
Aldus Larian (Jess): I mean I don't even have the game so 😂
Elfriede Faun (Tom): YOU GETS!
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Unless you wanna just play on mine and do your own stuff
Aldus Larian (Jess): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Elfriede Faun (Tom): You can download it too and just log into mine
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Just can't play at the same time
Bill: I’ll change the server if everyone wants to I guess?
Bill: ~~I’m just not creative enough for creative~~ xD
Aldus Larian (Jess): Nah I won't want you to not be able to play cuz I'm using your account babe
Elfriede Faun (Tom): It's fine babe
Aldus Larian (Jess): How much is it?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): i just want some IRON
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): can we get creative for a reasonable stack of iron and switch back
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): It's like $26 <@!351471675843411978>
Aldus Larian (Jess): Ommggg it's like 90 yrs old why it so much
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): browsing character skins for RWBY characters... there are skins for all of STRQ except for Tai 😭
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): although the Summer one isn't that great
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): oooo ya i should change my skin
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): yeah mine's default Steve
Bill: Not going to embrace your homestuck past? :3
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): oh no I found a skin creator
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm not going to get any work done today am I...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): shit
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): welp, I guess this is my life today
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): there he is
Bill: !!!
Bill: I'mma just leave mine on orange emo kid cause It's only a little cringe.
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): mmm ten mins to kill and if i study anymore my head will pop
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): _minecraft_
Bill: there's a creeper in my sheep pen.
Bill: I guess I need a bow...
Bill: *no*.
Bill: *today's goofing off must go to Mystic Messenger*
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): see i already feel relaxed
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): getting there...
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): https://www.minecraftskins.com/search/skin/mystic-messenger/1/
Bill: well.
Glonk: All my chicken and cows can't render on the work computer but...
Glonk: 
Bill: that's a lot of chicken.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): look at all those chickens
Bill: 
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Goals
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): I connected my house to have a path on Toms route
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Very thorough
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): That’s some good trade routes right there
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Also who started building a little wood house in the plains right on the edge of the mountains
Bill: Mawisa?
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): O yay we’re neighbors!
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): And then tom and Erik live somewhere along that path I assume
Bill: That make me the only one not on the path? 😂
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I have no idea where anyone else is. I'm across a ravine from Tom (I'm guessing Georgia's found it?)
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Oo mine is the wooden framed stone house
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Just gotta make a road to connect!
Bill: I gotta make the lower walls stone..,. and properly fence the pens.
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I'm just digging mine out from a cliff lol
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Of you right click the ground with a shovel you create road
Elfriede Faun (Tom): I'll do that eventually
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): I made the main doorway and a nice path leading up to it but the inside is literally just an unfinished hallway lmao
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): fuck now I just want to play Minecraft and not do work
Bill: YUUUUUP
Bill: If I wasn't on a callll
Afina Tyndall (Georgia): Mood and I’m about to take a midterm
Bill: Good luck <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Chengu Tiaowen (Erik): good luck!
