Afina (Georgia🍀): Afina Tyndall had to admit, she was impressed with Eliran’s choice in tavern. She wasn’t so sure that the choice to eat dinner together was all that wise given Elfriede’s altercation in the marketplace, but she was anxious to hear of their party’s travels. The Laeran felt as if she was entering a hearth as they stepped foot into the tavern; The walls were a dark red, like ebony wood, and the light from the fireplaces casted an orange glow across the faces of all who entered. Afina looked around the tavern as the waitress led the six to a seat; An empty stage caught the princess’ eye. _I wonder if Eliran will do what I think he will..._ she thought.  

Afina was careful to find a seat next to Elfriede as they were placed at a large round table. Both the women from earlier seemed to eye the other seat next to hear, but Afina hardly noticed, and Eliran gracefully took his place next to his childhood friend. Directly across the table sat the laguz man, and Afina tried to sneak another glance at him. _He looks very much like Atalantia, they must be from the same region,_ Afina thought, shrugging off her warm winter cloak. _Hopefully he isn’t as naive about the mainland culture_. As the waitress took their orders, Afina hesitated on her choice for the night; Chicken was always a favorite of hers, as it was every Laerans, but a new culture meant new experiences. She ordered the most expensive fish on the menu with a curt nod.
Afina (Georgia🍀): As a silence settled over the table, each members gazing about the tavern, or sipping their drink, or staring at the ground, Afina cleared her throat. “As a gesture of goodwill, I would like to state that such a billing for the dinner will be covered by the house of Tyndall,” Afina declared. The tone in her voice was unmistakably formal, but a trained pair of eyes could see the princess nervously thumbing her tunic’s sleeves. Realizing her own anxious quirk, Afina placed her hands in her lap. _It doesn’t help that I detest long sleeves, especially in such a warm tavern,_ the princess thought. As the others began to speak up, Afina glanced at Elfriede; He had not spoken much since their encounter in the marketplace. She nudged his boot with her own, raising one eyebrow questioningly.
Eliran (Halim): As the group gathered and sat around the table Eliran looked around. The Goldsmoke hadn't changed a bit since his last visit, which he was glad to know. As he took his place next to Afina at the round table, he gestured for Nokri to sit between him and Aldus, figuring the relative distance from Elfriede, and security of sitting between two people she knew would help her out, _Plus if she says anything dumb I can hit her under the table_ He thought to himself, still not quite trusting Nokri to not make up a tall tale to defend herself from who knows what. As Afina made her declaration of Patronage for the night Eliran looked at his party. Clearly the formal tone was not something that was helping ease any tensions. He shook his head slightly, and responded, "Generous as usual Afrin," He said with a grin, intentionally using his old nickname for her to try and change the mood as the Waitress arrived with something he had ordered when they entered. Taking the two bottles in hand, Eliran stood and addressed the table. “so I know you we’re all a bit on edge at the moment, but I hope we can get along. Tonight is a night of meeting friends, old and potentially new,” he gave a nod to Elfriede, “and since we've finally reached our destination, I say its it's a good night to relax and have fun” he finished with a grin, popping open one of the bottles, quickly pouring and passing drinks around to everyone.
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri stuck out like a clown on a unicycle at a funeral. But perhaps because of her surrounding company, no one approached or said anything. They just stared out of the corners of their eyes. Who could blame them? 

Luckily, the roaring fireplaces covered the stench of her dirty clothes, and she purposefully took a seat closest to the flames. Eliran and Aldus sat beside her. *At least the fireplace covers the dog smell, too.* She summoned the last dredges of elegance within her to exude as much of an innocent and ladylike presence as possible in front of the princess, repressing the urge to smirk at the knight sitting opposite her and crack a vulgar joke about him sitting at this round table.

The menu looked pricey. Like nothing Nokri had ever seen before. *Is this some form of extortion? Will eating this put us into indentured servitude?* But upon hearing it would all be paid for, her eyes lit up like a Christmas tree. "That is most kind of you, princess. Are you certain?" Saliva was nearly spilling out of her mouth as she asked, eyes glued to the menu. She was automatically drawn to the most expensive option, regardless of how much she would enjoy the taste. Common courtesy dictated she order a dish less expensive than what the host is purchasing. But the blonde was a madman. She went and picked the most expensive item! No doubt about it, she was wealthy.
Nokri (Marisa): "Hear hear!" Nokri chimed at Eliran's statement, "let us enjoy ourselves after a long and tiresome journey." It didn't take long for her to acquire some of the drink going around and down half a glass of it. But slowly, and lady-like. "Eliran, if you need more to drink I can refill your glass anytime." If he got drunk enough he might spill more beans about his family.

Nokri went with a braised veal stew, the third most expensive item to avoid suspicion. She knew someone from their party would be on her case in a hot minute if she ordered something too costly. *Maybe next time, o lovely fish.*
"Aldus, what are you having?" She asked idly, mentally betting it'd be something with a bone in it. *Maybe he'll take home a doggy bag. Ha.*
