Nokri (Marisa): Nokri bolted up the steps, muttering annoyed utterances at herself. A few scared members of the church called out to her, but no one stopped her or pursued. Dull thuds and shouting could be heard from behind the thick stone walls, and all she had to do was follow those sounds. *But where are the stairs?* Nokri had paid very little attention when they entered, and now found herself lost despite knowing exactly where she needed to be.
Nokri (Marisa): She stuck her head in a few doorways, hoping to see stairs or a ladder within. A group of shaken nuns was huddled up in the kitchen and her in most concerned voice, Nokri said "You all should run along, something frightful is happening upstairs! It's not safe here." She repeated the same for every rogue person she came across just sitting in their room. One frantic man who was feverishly praying tried to bring all of his belongings and nearly tripped with an armful of junk as he tried to run out of the room. Nokri sternly said "just leave it and run," after the fifth time he dropped something. They were wasting too much time and Nokri wanted to get back quickly. As he scurried down the hall, Nokri looked at the item he dropped. *A tome?* It was a fancy book, potentially worth something of value. *Jackpot.* He wouldn't notice this was missing for now, right?

Finally at the end of the hall were stairs, Nokri climbed them and arrived on the top floor out of breath. *You have* got *to be kidding me.* Mr. Knight was standing there dumbfounded while literal chaos was happening inside what once was the bedroom. "What happened?" she shouted, white with rage at seeing an unconscious princess. The knight looked ready to jump into the fray with his hand on his sword, but no way could that happen with an injured girl on his back. Nokri wrestled the princess away from her knight, putting her old upper body muscles to work and careful not to bump Afina against the sharp bundle of glass she was carrying. Afina was unconscious but still alive, and wordlessly Nokri dragged her away from the crazy battle, about 2 rooms away on the other side of the hall. That should be a wide enough buffer zone for now.
Nokri (Marisa): She stuck her head in a few doorways, hoping to see stairs or a ladder within. A group of shaken nuns was huddled up in the kitchen and her in most concerned voice, Nokri said "You all should run along, something frightful is happening upstairs! It's not safe here." She repeated the same for every rogue person she came across just sitting in their room. One frantic man who was feverishly praying tried to bring all of his belongings and nearly tripped with an armful of junk as he tried to run out of the room. Nokri sternly said "just leave it and run," after the fifth time he dropped something. They were wasting too much time and Nokri wanted to get back quickly. As he scurried down the hall, Nokri looked at the item he dropped. *A tome?* It was a fancy book, potentially worth something of value. *Jackpot.* He wouldn't notice this was missing for now, right?

Finally at the end of the hall were stairs, Nokri climbed them and arrived on the top floor out of breath. *You have* got *to be kidding me.* Mr. Knight was standing there dumbfounded while literal chaos was happening inside what once was the bedroom. "What happened?" she shouted, white with rage at seeing an unconscious princess. The knight looked ready to jump into the fray with his hand on his sword, but no way could that happen with an injured girl on his back. Nokri wrestled the princess away from her knight, putting her old upper body muscles to work and careful not to bump Afina against the sharp bundle of glass she was carrying. Afina was unconscious but still alive, and wordlessly Nokri dragged her away from the crazy battle, about 2 rooms away on the other side of the hall. That should be a wide enough buffer zone for now.
Nokri (Marisa): *What happened? What did this?* Nokri wondered as she checked the princess's breath and heart rate. Both were slow.  Her skin was clammy and she had a cold sweat. Nokri softly opened an eyelid, the princess's eyes were dilated. She found no abundance of mucus, but noticed Afina's breath was... sweet? *Was she drugged?* Whatever it was, the toxins in her body had to go. Now. Nokri stuttered for a moment. She had no tools, and no medicine with her aside from some useless plants. Nothing to siphon out blood or get her in a stable condition. *I could try dark magic,* she entertained, but there was nothing to sacrifice and no guarantee it wouldn't backfire horribly. Nokri dug out the book she swiped earlier, flipping through it. Many pages were illegible chickenscratch, but several pages had spells. This was indeed a magic tome. Flipping through wildly, Nokri finally came across something that might help. Some religious mumbo-jumbo about expelling impurities from the body. That should work for drugs, yeah?
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri cast the spell over the princess then dropped the book and turned her on her side should she begin expelling from the mouth. The body shut down to protect her from the toxins, so assuming the spell worked the princess should eventually regain consciousness. Nokri steadily held her hand, keeping track of Afina's heartbeat for any improvement.
Afina (Georgia🍀): ```
Afina remembered standing behind her mother as she looked on at the newcomer. His dark hair and gray eyes were unnatural for a Callorian; Most Laerans had blues eyes, at the minimum. He walked slowly yet purposefully, a book clutched in his hands. “Your Majesty,” she said, bowing his head to the queen, before turning his gaze to Afina. The young girl froze, clutching the edges of her dress tightly in her hands. Her blue eyes examined the stranger, and for a moment, neither dared breathe. 

Gracefully, the stranger bent to one knee. “Princess,” she said, nodding his head respectfully. “I am Carya Witella of Eraia. Your mother says I am to be your tutor. Is this correct?” 

Afina looked up to her mother, who raised an eyebrow, making it clear that the decision was up to the young princess. The girl turned her attention back to the man in front of her. She examined his uncommon features, and foreign dress. He wore a white tunic, and black pants. Silver greaves adorned his legs, and similar bracers protected his forearms. He wore no chestplate; Instead, a vest of Laeran blue was firmly secured with a black belt around his waist. She peered at the book that the man held to his breast. He followed her gaze.

“This? These are light tomes. I do not…” Witella glanced between Queen Leora and Afina. “...yet know if you shall follow the path of the light. But in coming here I promised to give my knowledge to you in defense of the house of Tyndall.” He offered the book to Afina and the small princess began to reach out for it.

And suddenly, the memory was no longer Afina’s to relive. She kept reaching for the book, and yet it still seemed out of her grasp. She stumbled forward to catch it, and some unknown force held her back nonetheless. Tears brimmed in her eyes as she was drawn further and further from her tutor, and she reached to feel her cheeks. They seemed to fall sideways, cutting brave paths across her cheeks, over her nose, and into her hairline. 
```
Afina (Georgia🍀): The princess woke with a start, stomach churning and head spinning. She leaned over to gag, and foul yellow liquid dribbled down her chin. Cheeks still moist, Afina wiped her chin with the back of her arm before turning to look about the room. She was in an abandoned classroom, dim with only the light of a candle burning of the windowsill. Memories came reeling back… _the Bishop! Elfriede! Elfriede..._ she thought, looking about the room. Her eyes landed on Nokri, head cocked with concern and worry. 

“Nokri! I… where is the bishop? Elfriede?” she demanded, aggression creeping into her tone in her confused state. She squeezed her eyes shut, shaking her head. “Nevermind that, I--” she began, before a sudden rumble shook the room, originating from across the hall. The princess stood fast, head swimming and knees buckling as she moved. Nokri hurried to her aid, insisting that the Laeran rest, and that the matters across the hall were of no concern to her. Nonetheless, Afina pushed on, pushing through a battered door to see the rubble of what was once a bedroom in front of her. She leaned against the doorframe as she took in the sight. 

Eliran stood bravely, bow drawn, shielding the girl that she had spied earlier. The young girl had her tomes open, gaze fearful but firm as she directed herself towards the man in the center of the room. There stood the Cardinal, bearing a similar crazed yet powerful look that Torin had borne only moments earlier. Eyes trailing across the room, Afina also spotted Elfriede, who had seemed to poise himself for the stealth attack. Afina spotted a light tomes open on the ground, and nodded for Nokri to grab it, as she leaned against the frame. 

“Cardinal…?” Afina said, stupefied. _Why are they fighting the strongest light mage in Aurii? What has he done? Is Eraia… not to be trusted?_
