Dizzy: Desii perks up at Afina's revelation. "That's wonderful news. I'll have to visit the monastery tomorrow to meet with her." Desii says through a beaming smile. The Hylleyian girl wanted to ask more, but the topic was lost to the flow of conversation, and to the arrival of their meals. Desii sighs to herself. *It's no issue, I can find her tomorrow myself. I couldn't tear a Princess away from the conversations that interest her.* 

- - - - -

Desii retires to her room shortly after dinner, not wanting to be out in the town too late. Trisp is a warm and cozy town, but the sun sets on every town, leaving the streets empty and the lights extinguished. Walking about, even with Aldus and Nokri by her side, worries a bit. Desii had no intention of sleeping however. Zaimar's tome is immediately cracked open upon her bed as she settles into a comfortable reading position. While Zaimar's intentions for the tome were foul, the knowledge contained could be used for more noble purposes. She'd be sure to see to that.
Bill: !ghost Desii perks up at Afina's revelation. "That's wonderful news. I'll have to visit the monastery tomorrow to meet with her." Desii says through a beaming smile. The Hylleyian girl wanted to ask more, but the topic was lost to the flow of conversation, and to the arrival of their meals. Desii sighs to herself. *It's no issue, I can find her tomorrow myself. I couldn't tear a Princess away from the conversations that interest her.* 

- - - - -

Desii retires to her room shortly after dinner, not wanting to be out in the town too late. Trisp is a warm and cozy town, but the sun sets on every town, leaving the streets empty and the lights extinguished. Walking about, even with Aldus and Nokri by her side, worries a bit. Desii had no intention of sleeping however. Zaimar's tome is immediately cracked open upon her bed as she settles into a comfortable reading position. While Zaimar's intentions for the tome were foul, the knowledge contained could be used for more noble purposes. She'd be sure to see to that.
Bill: (ooc: The next morning will involve the characters splitting up into different groups, spread out doing different things. They'll reconvene to head table afterwards.

Afina: Training with Torin on <#361532671714656266>
Elfirede & Eliran: Bath house scene on <#361532698965311492> Desii and Aldi are going to the monastery to see wtf up
and Nokri is going to steal things wander around market place
