Bill: Andres beings to tap his foot on the ground, and his eyes spare more than a few glances to his spyglass holding partner. He looks over the downtroddened and worn out group, from Eliran clutching his wound to Afina's fight damaged clothes to the scared but defiant young Enera. His nose twitches a few times in the process, clearly some kind of tell for his thoughts.

"1 minute." the woman says. Andres replies with a sigh into his hand.

"You know what. I'm not going to ask. Get in the burrow. You lot look hopeless now, but I don't doubt you have something that you can pay us back with. "Frock, Alrow. Motivate them a little." He says through his palm, and the two Kouneli give quick affirmations as they spread out around the group. They transform mid stride, and nudge not so passively your entire group into the hole. One of them transforms back beside Eliran, and goes to place the injured man on his compatriot's back. The two then resume their *subtle* suggestion to get into the burrow. By the time the woman has started a 15 second count down, you're all inside.

The hole is deceivingly large. Inside a squirrely looking Kouneli stands, motioning the group towards one of two tunnels leading out of the dugout. Behind you Andres and the woman hop down, Andres transforming and using his larger form to pull the cover over the top of the hideout. Andres transforms back, his hand hushing the group, both his people and yourselves. 

Just as the insanity of standing still and quiet begins to tickle at the back of your mind, you begin to hear pounding overhead. In a flash you can hear the hooves of the pursuit party's horses galloping across the trapdoor, causing dirt to dust down over your heads. A plank cracks in the trap door base which causes the squirrely Kouneli to make to panic, only to be silenced by the woman's hand.
Bill: As quickly as they arrived, the horses gallop on past the tunnel. You can feel the ground around you vibrate less as the beasts carry your pursuers further away. Andres finally removes his finger from his lips.

"Well. It holds for another escape." he says, glancing at the trapdoor. 

"We can't use this again like that Andres..." the squirrely Kouneli sighs. "I'll make note to send a team out for some repairs. It's too good a spot to lose it." Andres nods back to him as a response, then makes eye contact with his guests.

"Well, go on. Get." he says dryly. His team transform, and three take up the rear behind you as two lead the way into the tunnel. It's a quiet trip, given the Kouneli don't transform back at all. All there is is the endless tunnel, lit only by the torches your group needs to carry. Finally light starts to creep in from the end of the tunnel, after what feels like endless walking. 

You emerge into a cove, tucked away under a cliff. Anchored just outside is a ship, one that looks quite familiar to Elfriede and Afina. It bears no flag of alliance, and seems a bit worse for the wear. It is crewed entirely by Kouneli laguz, who scurry about the ship in both transformed and untransformed states. It is indeed, the ship that challenged the Aster. 

Rowboats are tied off by the water and you are shepherded to them. All but the Kouneli carrying Eliran transform back to their humanoid forms. 

"Hop on. And don't make the joke, it won't make you any friends here." Andres says, walking past you to get on the rowboat himself. "Frock will wait for a second rowboat, so he can continue carrying your friend. If one of you wants to wait with him and Alrow help yourself, but don't try anything. Please, we have a deadline here."

- - - - -
Bill: You find yourselves all on the deck of the ship, and quite popular. Andres yells at a younger boy to get the Captain and he scampers off in his laguz form. All sorts of questions are fired from the crowd around you, though no one approaches your group by more than 10 feet. The jeering however, comes from all sides. 

*"Where's your ruddy goddess now, ey?"

"So much for military might, ha!"

"The ladies are pretty though!"

"Who brings a kid to a ship, it's bad luck I say."

"Captain is going to have you quartered for this."

"Is that a knight miboy, that's amazing!"

"One's a Naissankari you idiot."

"Doesn't matter, if they're Eraian."*

"Just bring the Captain ey?" Andres groans at the crowd, and he begins to argue with them over various comments. On the far side of the crowd Aldus and Nokri spot a very strange face. Tikur, the Naissankari from the square all those weeks ago, is thoroughly consumed in scrubbing off gunk from the deck.
