Afina (Georgia🍀): With the Cardinal distracted, and the fate of Callora no longer seemingly at stake, Afina took her chance and absconded into the hallway. Elfriede followed close behind, with a similar alertness that he always carried, though his face betrayed his dejected state. From behind her, the princess could hear the faint "don't look!" echo down the hallway. _A light mage indeed_, she thought. Afina walked quickly and purposefully, anxious to follow Eliran out of the monastery, and get away from these power-hungry officials.

Her escort wavered in the doorway as Afina packed her things, shoving books and provisions into her bag. Elfriede left for a brief moment, likely to pack his own things, and Afina quickly took advantage of the moment in solitude and changed to her traveling clothes. The Eraian knight reappeared in the doorway as Afina held her sword in her hands. _So associated with Elfriede... I almost want to leave it here. But to do so would be more than disrespectful, especially after his family welcomed me into their home_, she thought, eventually strapping it to her waist.
Afina (Georgia🍀): "Let's leave," Afina beckoned, brushing past Elfriede and stalking down the hallway towards the stairs, and eventually, the door. _I have to say something. Now may not be the most optimal time, but we need to talk about what happened earlier_, she thought, glancing sidelong at the knight. _He killed someone today. Pain throbbed through her left hand as she tried to hold her tomes tightly to her chest, in the case that she should need them. _Out of necessity for protecting his charge and... romantic interest_, Afina reminded herself. 

Two schools of thought fought against each other in Afina's mind. Part of her wanted to lash out at Elfriede, angry at his actions of that night. The other part of Afina still cherished Elfriede's presence, and wanted nothing more than to be close to him. The princess could feel the heat rise to her cheeks as she thought about their proximity together the other night. Afina stopped short of the doorway as a sudden thought came to her.

_Maybe you're just upset that the person you had romantic interest turned out to be a laguz_. 

A shiver ran up Afina's back as she became intensely aware of the scar that ran up her right side. _Am I judging Elfriede for his race rather than the fact that he killed a man? If he had been human and killed the Bishop..._

Afina looked up as she noticed Elfriede watching her with a puzzled expression. She straightened her back. "Sorry. Nauseous," she explained curtly, hoping to give no room for Elfriede to respond. _I'll have to ruminate on that thought later..._
Afina (Georgia🍀): The princess exited the monastery to catch sight of Eliran weakly exiting the combat zone, while his other companions seemed to still be holding back the Cardinal. Little flashes of light seemed to make as much evident. She rushed to the Eblian's side, unfastening her cloak and throwing it over his head. It wasn't much of a disguise, but it was the best she could offer. "Elfriede, provide cover, the Cardinal could have reinforcements close behind." 

She then turned to Eliran. "I take it that the Enera mission is not going particularly well," she said, a light smirk playing across her face, glad to have her close friend at her side once more. "Do you need help?" she asked, tone more serious. "Your companions really shouldn't be trying to take on the strongest light mage in Eraia. They-- No, WE-- need to escape."
