Nokri (Marisa): Nokri was smug in her fancy new attire that fluttered majestically in the wind. It was a wonderful shade of blue that complemented her eyes and the fabric was incredibly soft. She loved it. The princess was so wonderful. *The rich really are amazing,* she marveled. *Even their clothes are vastly different. I need money.* As they forged ahead inconspicuously Nokri would occasionally twirl self-satisfactorily. Her hair was once again tied up into its usual braids, this time kept in place with neat ribbons instead of cheap thread.

Desii seemed paranoid. Nokri slapped her on the shoulder and whispered "relax!" This was her idea, after all. The girl needed to take a chill pill and not be so uptight. Stress is unhealthy. "Want me to knock on the door?" she joked with deadpan sarcasm, raising a fist as though she was going to pound on the door. Instead, it opened slightly. Nokri waved. *Can we go in now?*
Aldus (Jess): This entire situation has the the hairs on the back of Aldus’ neck standing on end. Something bad was going on here, and it's not just the looming black buildings and religious fanaticism. Eraia suddenly being interested in Calorian light mages? They had been at a stalemate with Calora for years and everyone knew that Eraia was just as likely as Dreca to back down from a dispute… as in not likely at all.

Unlike the others Adlus has no doubt the Enera here is the Enera they are looking for - too many coincidences to be well, a coincidence. Still, standing in front of an Erain monastery with the others is making him uneasy. It doesn't feel like the lightest of approaches given their numbers, but he isn't one to argue.

“I suppose if this all goes south we can simply do what we best and run like hell, ha haha” He chuckles nervously in a bad attempt to take the edge off the evening as they await a reply at the door. The wait itself even seems a little off. The princess seemed well invested in this situation and he doubt she would be late for her queue.
Aldus (Jess): Desii seems even more nervous then himself but the woman has proven to be quite the jumpy one, and this wasn't exactly a friendly visit. Nokri on the other hand was giddy with some unexplained excitement and it wouldn't surprise him to find out if she had had a few drinks before coming out tonight. 

Eventually the door opens a crack to reveal a very stern faced Lt. Faun looking absolutely *thrilled* with their company. Perhaps him and princess were having some alone time? Between the way she calmed his actions yesterday, the stolen glances at dinner the night prior, and the warm smile he gave her this afternoon despite the cold manner he seems to display to everyone else it wasn’t hard to figure out what was going on there. Of course that did still leave this mystery of the kinly scent about the two of them, another close friend of theirs perhaps?  If they spending “quality time” together it would explain the lack of princess standing behind him if she were still getting dressed after being interrupted.* 

“Good evening SIr Faun” Aldus say courteously not wanting an awkward silence to cause even more discontent among the group.
Eliran (Halim): Having been called over to the group, Eliran prepared to greet them, but instead was cut short by a Desii saying Afina had something to say about Enera, _please tell me she was careful please tell me she was careful_ he silently hoped as Afina began to explain what happened.
Eliran (Halim): --
After hearing Afina's story, and Desii's subsequent conclusion the Cardinal was guily, Eliran had to comment, "Woh there you two, you guys need to slow down." He started before walking over to Afina and promptly bopping her on the head in chastising manner, "First of all what the hell were you thinking??? You basically told the man you were looking for a Calloran magician, even though you're being here training is a monumental event! Callorans training here beyond you is insane." 
He then turned to Desii and Aldus, "And what the hell were you two thinking???? Putting her up to this?" Eliran pointed at Afina, "This girl has barely left a study all her life she couldn't weasel information out of anything except for a literal book!” 
Eliran proceeded to massage his temple, “Do you know how dangerous the idea that Eraia kidnapped a Calloran child is? Do you know what kind of position a Princess in a nation that has been teetering on the edge of war and peace with her own land is in?” his words were coming out in a shouted whisper, as he had now gotten much closer to the two, “This diplomatic excursion can turn hostage in an instant if things go wrong! She doesn't even have other Callorans here to guard her!" he looked back at Elfriede, “no offense or anything.”  
“Sneaking into the Monastery is asinine at best,” He then looked at Afina, who was wearing a godforsaken look he knew from childhood. “Annnnd of course you’re going to do it anyways.” Eliran put a hand in his head, looking to anybody for support, but of course they were quiet, even the knight. “This is stupid and dangerous, and we’re betting on conjectures…” He sat down on a park bench with his hands in his heads, “lets hope we’re right, and if this plan works by some miracle….” he didn’t finish his thought.
Eliran (Halim): --
Night had fallen, and Eliran stood at the front of the group along with Aldus. On his back his bow was carefully wrapped, and he had a small knife at his side. _Good god I can't believe I'm letting this happen._ He thought to himself, looking at an extremely nervous Desii, a very drecan looking Nokri, and Aldus. A clumsy mage, a potential spy, and a laguz walk into a church, it was like the begining of a bad joke, and Eliran didn't want to wait around long enough for the punch line. As they approached the door, all he said was "Lets get this done quick, and get out fast. Nobody wants to be caught sneaking into one of the holiest temples in Eraia."
Bill: The halls are, as expected, empty as you enter the building. The directions Afina gave earlier were straight forward, simple go to the hall staircase, go up to the second floor, first door on the right. As you walk down the hall you can here some Erain chants behind one closed door, and a late lecture behind another. It's enough to make you want to crouch, or walk on tip toes to be absolutely sure you don't make too much noise and alert the residents of the Monastery. 

While the main staircase's location in the center of the library make it populated even now, the hall staircase is quiet as a wine cellar. The second floor has less lights on than the first, late night activities taking place below. The lack of other noise makes your steps on the wood floors all the louder to you.
Dizzy: Desii cautiously walks up to the door in question, unadorned and closed tightly. She looks back to her companions and nods once before knocking very lightly. A thousand ways things could go wrong flash through her head, from it being the wrong door to Enera actually being a monsterous Drecian beast of war being kept illegally here. None of them come to pass, despite the sweat that forms on her brow as a soft voice calls from inside.
Bill: !ghost Desii cautiously walks up to the door in question, unadorned and closed tightly. She looks back to her companions and nods once before knocking very lightly. A thousand ways things could go wrong flash through her head, from it being the wrong door to Enera actually being a monsterous Drecian beast of war being kept illegally here. None of them come to pass, despite the sweat that forms on her brow as a soft voice calls from inside.
Bill: "Come in!" a girl's voice calls from behind the door. It's barely audible beyond the wooden door. Desii pushes open the door slowly on the command, stepping just into the door frame with it. The room is furnished in a rather utilitarian way, yet clearly decorated by a young child. Multiple bookshelves sit on the back right wall, a desk to their left in front of the window in the room. A bed rests on the left wall, and a dresser on the wall next to the door. The center of the room is clear, with what look like magic burns on the wood. The room looks equal parts dwelling, research study, and practice room. 

The decorations warm up the basic room, drawings (made with quill rather than crayon, oddly enough) of childish things like dragons and knights, trinkets, baubles and stuffed animals in great numbers. The owner of such possessions stands up from her desk, turning to face you with a hand on resting on the books that adorn the table. The 13 year old is every bit her age, from gangly limbs to awkward expression. She's dressed in simple while and purple clothing, very common attire in the monastery. Her short blonde hair has the bangs pulled back with a bright green ribbon which compliments her pretty green eyes. Her freckles are all the more prominent given how pale she is. Her smile, on the contrary, is bright and warm. 

On seeing your group the smile drops, replaced with a curious caution. "Hello. I haven't met you before, and you don't seem to be from the Monastery. Did the Cardinal send you over?" she asks. She seems comfortable despite the surprise, with a maturity beyond her looks.
Dizzy: "Saila wasn't kidding!" Desii says through a hearty exhale. "You really do have her eyes." Desii adds, giving an awkward wave to the girl. 

"I'm sorry, my name is Desii Manette. I happened on your parents in Mirashire, and they asked me to find you. Amazing we found you right as we entered the kingdom!" Desii starts to explain.
Bill: !ghost "Saila wasn't kidding!" Desii says through a hearty exhale. "You really do have her eyes." Desii adds, giving an awkward wave to the girl. 

"I'm sorry, my name is Desii Manette. I happened on your parents in Mirashire, and they asked me to find you. Amazing we found you right as we entered the kingdom!" Desii starts to explain.
Bill: Enera's expression falls as she looks over Desii, a reserved frown on her face. "I'm... sorry, miss, but my parents died. Mirashire... burned down. I was the sole survivor of the attack, and Cardinal Raive took me in because of it. What... whatever anyone told you, it was in poor taste."
