Dizzy: Desii's head quirks at the irony of Nokri tackling Enera off the side of the building just as Desii was about to blow the girl off the side of the building. Her mind whirs, trying to find a way to let this spell still be useful in the fight. She can't redirect it to force Morras back, and as Enera and Nokri are currently safe in Aldus's arms she doesn't need to propel either of the short girls further away. 

Just before Desii surrenders to wasting the pages of her Tome, Eliran dives backwards off the building, a demented trust fall as he calls Aldus's name. Desii releases the spell faster than she thought possible, letting a gale force wind blow from the center of Enera's once room and out the blown out wall. The wind hit Eliran dead on, propelling him far past Aldus and closer to where Desii herself stood. 

Desii drops her Tome, opening her arms wide to make to catch Eliran, copying Aldus's motions moments before. Seeing the man come at her she panics, arms wrapping around herself protectively. Desii and Eliran collapse into a ball of limbs and the young woman shrieks as they roll another 5 feet. Desii groans, her already dirtied clothes from her own exodus of the monastery taking more damage.
Bill: !ghost Desii's head quirks at the irony of Nokri tackling Enera off the side of the building just as Desii was about to blow the girl off the side of the building. Her mind whirs, trying to find a way to let this spell still be useful in the fight. She can't redirect it to force Morras back, and as Enera and Nokri are currently safe in Aldus's arms she doesn't need to propel either of the short girls further away. 

Just before Desii surrenders to wasting the pages of her Tome, Eliran dives backwards off the building, a demented trust fall as he calls Aldus's name. Desii releases the spell faster than she thought possible, letting a gale force wind blow from the center of Enera's once room and out the blown out wall. The wind hit Eliran dead on, propelling him far past Aldus and closer to where Desii herself stood. 

Desii drops her Tome, opening her arms wide to make to catch Eliran, copying Aldus's motions moments before. Seeing the man come at her she panics, arms wrapping around herself protectively. Desii and Eliran collapse into a ball of limbs and the young woman shrieks as they roll another 5 feet. Desii groans, her already dirtied clothes from her own exodus of the monastery taking more damage.
Bill: Enera watches the man who went toe to toe with the Cardinal for what felt like an eternity fly over her head. Her breath catches in her throat as she whips around to see... him barrel into the girl who knew her mother. Judging by the groans of pain, Enera marked the two off as okay for now.

Enera squirmed lightly, going over Aldus's shoulder in a sort of front flip to come up on her feet. The Tome she's held since the conflict started flitters open, power already emanating from it. Enera begins reciting a spell on auto pilot, watching the rim of the ledge for Morras to stalk forward.

She finishes the spell, letting a star burst of light appear over the ledge. The baseball sized light begins to compress in on itself and Enera calls out.

"Don't look!" She yells as loud as her voice can muster. The star burst expands as Enera tucks her head into her shoulder with her eyes clenched shut. The light radiating from the point is like looking into the sun. Much like it's celestial counter part, anyone looking into it would easily be blinded for precious moments.
Bill: Morras watches the room empty with and grimaces. This became far more difficult with everyone outside. Behind him both Afina and Elfriede made make comments aimed in his direction, yet the Cardinal tunes him out. The Princess is being selfish, as they are want to be, and the Knight is smitten and following her lead. They've bared no fangs, so to speak, so they're of no consequence. 

Morras steps forward, forming two pillars of light to his left and right, nearly touching the corners of the ledge overlooking the courtyard. The pillars spin, splitting into individual rings which prime themselves to fly into the courtyard. He can see Enera opening her own tome, behind the wolf man.

"What a failing as a teacher, for my own apprentice to raise their hand against me." He says over the lip. "But there is a reason I teach you, Enera. I have a far more experienced mastery of the magic of our Goddess; do you really think you can best me? With time, you may. If you are Her Avatar then may you can manifest such strength even now. But given how easily you are swayed by this earthly feelings, I truly doubt you have any relation to the Lady of Light." 

Morras frowns. Two more pillars rise behind him, splitting in the same way. At least two dozen rings are at the ready behind him, spinning as if mill saws. They all launch at once, filling the air with glowing disks. The only saving grace is that his spell seems to have a mind of it's own as it fills the courtyard, rather than half a dozen disks heading for each of you the disks fly off in random directions, only one or two coming even close to you.
