Bill: As the group deliberates what to do, there's a slight shaking to the ground behind Desii. Just as the keener eyes in the group notice the grass shuffling unnaturally, there's a popping sound and section of ground rises from the top of the khill. It's a two plank wide segment, a layer of grass and dirt some attached to the top of it that blends into the hill. On the underside of the planks are handles, held by muscled hands. 

"You caused a right ruckus didn't you? Who the hell are you people?" A voice calls from below. The cover is placed to the side and the hands climb up over the side. A well built man comes attached the hands, short brown hair kept manageablely short and trimmed, green eyes, and a face weathered from experience, not age. His rabbit ears are tall and prominent on him, you can see as he climbs up he has the tail of a rabbit as well. His steely expression is nothing like the small tail however.

Behind him three more Kouneli rise from the hole, a woman who watches the incoming forces with a spy glass, and a pair of burly men who seems to back the speaker. Another pair of ears is visible out of the top of the hole. Each has vestiges of leather armor on, a greave here of a chest plate there, but all are primarily dressed for speed. None of the Kouneli have weapons you can see.

The speaker looks over the group of you. "An Eraian knight, running from his own forces? What kind of story do we have here? A child, a girl who looks like she's never left home before, a Naissankari warrior and..." The man's nose twitches, akin to his animal side. His gaze suddenly narrows on Elfriede.
Bill: The man transforms in naught a second, his form shifting into a rabbit laguz. The deer sized creature has gangly limbs and powerful back legs, with a long torso. It's ears flop wildly and despite the transformation the man's leather gauntlet has stayed in place. He sniffles again, before transform right back.

"And an injured man." says the man as soon as he has a human mouth again, apparently no longer bothered by whatever distracted him. "You aren't going to get far with him. Not further than the Trisp forces at any rate. We can get you out, but you're with us till you pay us back the favor, to be determined when we get where we're going. It's the only deal you're going to-" 

"2 minutes till they have visual Andres." the woman says suddenly.

"get." Andres finishes. "And if you can't tell... you're on the clock."
Dizzy: Desii rolled forward when the Kouneli had appeared. She lost her grip on Enera's hand, and quickly came up behind the girl on her knees, hands resting on Enera's shoulders. She had never seen Kouneli before, and certainly not transformed. 

She looks back at the group. "Isn't this... a break? It's like we've found..." she pauses, eyes flicking skyward as she thinks, "eight rabbit's feet. That's a lot of luck." she says. The favor thing... is scary, obviously, but they were good enough to help them out right? Only good people would help them like this. They must need help with helping other people.
Bill: !ghost Desii rolled forward when the Kouneli had appeared. She lost her grip on Enera's hand, and quickly came up behind the girl on her knees, hands resting on Enera's shoulders. She had never seen Kouneli before, and certainly not transformed. 

She looks back at the group. "Isn't this... a break? It's like we've found..." she pauses, eyes flicking skyward as she thinks, "eight rabbit's feet. That's a lot of luck." she says. The favor thing... is scary, obviously, but they were good enough to help them out right? Only good people would help them like this. They must need help with helping other people.
