Nokri (Marisa): With her patient now up and running about, Nokri clenched her teeth and followed. She wasn't going to be the one to blame if the princess collapsed again, but she wasn't exactly in a position to tell royalty to sit down and stay put.
The tide of battle certainly seemed in their favor now that Afina was at the forefront, what with the fancy lightshow now going on.

Immediately reacting to orders, Nokri gripped one of her glass shards. It would be hard to move quickly with all of them in her dress. Seeing an opening, she snapped it in half and threw it towards the Cardinal's feet, followed by another few shards broken in a similar fashion, and small chips of glass. Her goal was to surround him with enough pointy glass that his movement would be hindered.

A grating voice was heard from outside, Desi calling for the girl to jump. Why was Enera just standing there? Move it or lose it, there was enough freaky magic flying around now that it's a wonder the floor hadn't given out. *We just have to get the girl, right?* Nokri decided. She ducked and ran towards Enera, hoping to grab the girl or at least bump her out of the way and maybe outside the window.
Aldus (Jess): Those of Aldus's arrows that reach their intended target go unnoticed by him as he blinks in confusion at the Cardinal’s ever evolving attack. He is stunned briefly by the sight of magic he doesn't comprehend, rendering him helpless for a few moments.  Above he can see Sir Faun and 2 blonde figures, indicating the safety of the princess and also Nokri's re-emergence after disappearing moments ago. 


With only Desii on the same level as him, he jumps down from his perch and makes his way over to her. Enera stands nervously above seeming to falter on the edge of jumping (hopefully) to safety or staying up above. 


Determining that he would be better suited for the task of catching Enera’s weight than Desii, or at least with his help, he calls up to Enera. 


“Enera please come down! I will catch you! I will ensure you don't get hurt, you'll be safer down here with us. We will get you away from danger. Come! The sooner you jump down the sooner we can return you to your true family!”
Eliran (Halim): As the Cardinal droned on yet again, Eliran hoped for some back up. He  didn't want to admit it but the Cardinal had a point. Fighting him alone without magic was madness, but still here he was.  _does he ever shut up_ Eliran wondered, closely watching the man and all the light constructs around him.  _Enera and I need to go..._ He glanced at the ledge again, if he grabbed her and they both jumped...
"...Lady Tyndall, you shouldn't be here..." At the mention of Afina Eliran's eyes shot to the entrance where she stood, and as he took in her ragged appearance a flame of rage lit his eyes. _What the hell happened to her_ were his only thoughts as he looked for the knight, who stood closer to the Cardinal, _I knew I couldn't trust him to take care of her._ Eliran berated himself for not following Elfriede earlier.  
".... May they repent in the next life." The filth had finally finished drowning. _He's in the way_ Eliran thought annoyed. Afina, for all her annoyances and harping about 'writing letters' was Eliran's oldest friend, and while he wouldn't openly admit it, a reminder of what it was like to have a sister again. _And **they** hurt her_  The Eraian church had never commanded much respect from Eliran, but this was the final straw. Not only had they kidnapped a young girl and employed bandits, but now they had hurt his family as well.  
“You bastard” Eliran spit out the word, unleashing a flurry of arrows at the Trash that stood across the room as he rolled across the floor, trying to close in on the man while dodging his still remaining whips. Unfortunately with each arrow he released, Eliran could feel the strain the battle was starting to have, and he was finally tripped by one of the whips lashed at his feet. Crashing to the floor, Eliran looked towards Morris, unable to dodge as one of the wagon wheel-esque light construct swung and struck him across his entire core. Letting out a large ‘Oof’ Eliran was left mildly dazed and on the ground.
Eliran (Halim): Today was really not his day.
Bill: Enera is terrified, inching her way towards the side of the wall with all the motivation of a tortoise racing the hair. Some part of her still holds her tome in hand, close to her chest like a safety blanket. She no longer looks to her mentor and once savior Raive, instead her eyes are firmly locked on the edge, the escape from the room she's spent the last years of her life in. If only she had the will power to move faster...!
