Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede ran. His military stamina pumping his legs onward; his left hand keeping his rapier still on his belt. 

*You, are a traitor Faun.* 

He heard his old commander say… and he couldn’t rightly deny it. They only thing keeping him from breaking down was the adrenaline pumping through his veins as they ran. 
Elfriede occasionally slowed down to allow everyone to rest, but he kept rather quiet that night. Not saying so much as a single word to anybody for quite a time. His mind... lost in his shattered world. For a moment he returned to reality. *Sounds of hooves in the distance.* They clearly had put some space between them and their pursuers somehow. There had been a conversation prior, but Elfriede was too far gone to recognize it at all. 


*You’re a liar Faun.*

He felt his heart strings tug as he thought of Lyall… will he ever be allowed back? ...Maybe they wont tie him to it… *Maybe I should return right now and give away this group. Or split off, they'll never know I was a part of it.* He turned an eye to Afina who was approaching Nokri for ideal chatter. *She’d give me away in an instant if I left.* 

Whether founded on reason or not the thought held. Elfriede’s mind wandered again to his relationship with the girl he’s been traveling with for a month. 
Elfriede finally caught a piece of a conversation spoken louder than the rest. “...the choice in suitors out here, absolutely dreadful!”
Elfriede (Tom): Elfriede lightly scoffed. He boiled inside. Both with anger, and remorse. He felt as though he deserved it, but her words cut deep. Alas, Elfriede shook his head and kept it down, as he always had done. Their end goal? Callora? Elfriede found it hard to swallow such a destination, all he wanted was to return home, or find his sister. The spiteful princess was suddenly a bit lower on his priorities.

“The hooves have gotten louder.” Elfriede’s recently unheard voice cut through the silence. He slowed his pace to walk alongside Aldus whom shouldered the burden of Eliran right now. “Please allow me to carry you for a short time, ‘til we can be rid of our dogged pursuers.” He remarked to Canterat, his wolf-like eyes making eye contact.

*I need to get a message to my parents. Will they even want to see me again?*

Offering a hand to Eliran with a straight face that hid his pain, Faun decided to continue with this group until they reached the shore. He would decide then, for he couldn’t put his faith in anyone right now. ...Except Yuria. His heart panged as he realized that the only other person in his life he was beginning to rely on was so very far away now. It was as if Princess Tyndall was on the other side of deep fog.

*In the end, you are just a lowly Laguz… Sir Faun* His mind heard **her** say. 
And Faun agreed.
