Aldus (Jess): Aldus watches as the young Enera tries to make sense of the idea that her parents are still alive. Someone has clearly done a lovely job of messing up the girls perspective on her situation, judging by the confusion in her eyes. He looks on as Desii comforts the child, calming her enough to want her to go with them. Aldus smiles at the image, idly thinking Desii would make quite the mother herself if she so wished to one day. A weight begins to lift as he thinks now their only task is to get back out of here with no one noticing. 

Before that weight can actually leave his chest though, the door bursts open revealing an very angry old man, clearly a high ranking member of the Erain clergy. He commands Enera in the voice of a man who thinks he holds absolute power. It’s apparent the girl thinks highly of this man, as she tried to share her joy with him only to be shot down by a string of religious nonsense. He enters an almost fanatical rage declaring Erena’s divinity and power as the Erain goddess herself. A shiver runs itself down Aldus spine as the man expresses how beautiful and bright this young girl is. A young girl of 13 being almost worshiped buy a man over 60 years old.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus’s lip pulls back over one side of his teeth in disgust at this fanatic. He plays off the groups efforts to return a kidnapped child as a test of her faith and godly-ness, preposterous doesn't even begin to Describe it. This kind of fanaticism can quickly prove infectious, and fatal to opposers, which is the part they will now be playing it seems. The man raises his arms and forces light like nothing Aldus has ever seen to flood the room in an instant. 

He stumbles back, his emerald eyes burning with new intensity he’s never encountered, he feels like the sun itself is in front of him. He doubles over as an earth-shattering bang resounds off the walls around him. Walls he cannot see because his eyes are shut, and his hands are over them. Walls that… apparently don’t exist anymore, he realises in a panicked state as hes flung back much further than should be possible. His heart nearly stops as he launched off the second floor where Enera’s room is, and down about 10 feet into the monastery courtyard. His instincts tell him to protect his head, he tries his best not to tense up as he falls. Miraculously, Aldus lands in a row of bushes edging the courtyard and rolls backwards of off it ending up on his feet.
Aldus (Jess): He frantically reaches to his back “Please dont be broken, please dont be broken” He panics as he lifts his bow of his back, unscathed. He sighs at the very small victory and tries to steady his mind enough to fight back. His eyes finish adjusting to the sudden light change just as Morras makes his introduction. The man exudes confidence and power. Every hair on Aldus neck stands at attention, his canine ear drops significantly and his tail drops between his legs. He’s never faced someone like this before. Hell, he’s ran from pretty much everyone thats opposed him since getting to the mainland. His lip quivers as he frantically looks around for the others.

Nokri and Desii are both down here also. He prays to the ancestors that Nokri wont pass out *again* as she has a habit of doing. His faith in Desii’s abilities is a little more confident. Eliran is up top still it seems alongside Enera who looks ready to attack the cardinal? Or at least not outright fight them. Come to think of it shouldn't that spell have hurt more? Not that he knows alot about light magic. But… she obviously isn’t quite fond of being taken for a goddess by a crazy religious zealot.
Aldus (Jess): Eliran, on the other hand seems completely unfearing of this over-powered light mage. Eliran spouts some magic sounding nonsense before driving an arrow into the man and kicking at him hard. A distraction opportunity?  It would seem this is enough to knock Aldus out of his scared state and inspire him enough to make for an attack. A tall, study tree is rooted near to where he currently stands. Aldus runs at the tree, launching himself off the trunk and landing in a sturdy branch. It’s not exactly the height of the second floor but it allows him a much better vantage point for shooting. He grabs the arrows and stuffs two between his teeth, knocking the last one and firing at Morras’s side. He knocks another and pulls back harder this time, biting down on the remanding arrow in his effort to fire with the most force possible. He knocks the third but doesn't fire immediately, taking a moment to assess the situation.
Aldus (Jess): “We have to get her away from him… or.. Or something!” Aldus says, thinking out loud. “I knew there was something strange about his place. How many others here are harboring these types of thoughts? And if others are as mad as Morras then….  where is the princess?!” his heart sinks as he comes to the very likely conclusion that the princess wasn't simply having some evening fun earlier. With that he lets his last arrow fly with more power than either of the first two, gritting his teeth hard in anxiety.
