Eliran (Halim): As Eliran managed to shank the Cardinal, the only warning he got for the oncoming spell was a glimpse of determination in the mans eyes before a sudden cylinder of light eradiated from the man. As he felt his arms begin to burn Eliran hopped back as far as he could. After getting just out of range of the strange pillar Eliran relaxed a little.
But it was to soon for comfort. As the pillar fell apart into rings Eliran gave a short cry as one hit his knee, causing the usually mobile man to fall into another ring, which struck his gut with what might be some form of cruel irony. 
With a groan Eliran could only watch the Cardinals magic spring forth, slowly turning the room into an odd death trap. As the vines of light spread around the room, he saw one of the whips swing towards Enera, and pushing off his one good leg he launched himself to the girl, pushing her out of the way and feeling it lash against his back. _Kist that hurts_ Eliran groaned as he leaned up to look at Enera, "You ok?" He asked, looking at the shell-shocked girl.
Eliran (Halim): He turned back to look at the Cardinal as the man gloated, "...type of power you've chosen to play with, foolish boy.  And the power you shall have once you awaken as your true self Enera." Eliran had to admit, this was a pretty shitty situation, and foolish would be the exact way he'd describe it too. He looked around, trying to think of a plan, as he knew one bad move could get them whipped or trapped in another spell. 
As he glanced around Eliran realized while the whips were restricting them, their purpose was defensive, to prevent him from getting in close, a grin started to form in his mind. Distance was the best thing for him as well, and there was still one way out. He looked to Enera, the poor girl was small, and while she had sounded mature earlier, her young age was apparent. Eliran grabbed her shoulders, shaking her slightly, "I need you to trust us and jump" He said, "Jump down to Desii, she'll catch you" Eliran silently hoped that Desii's drive to help the girl would beat her natural clumsiness.  "I'll try and distract him so you can do it, so when I say 'Go' you need to jump. Understand?" he said it with a bit more emphasis, looking for confirmation in the girls eyes.
Eliran (Halim): As Eliran saw what he hoped was understanding, he faced the Cardinal again, this time pulling out his bow off his back. As he put his hands on the grips, he could feel the wood still warm with the heat of the light magic that had struck him before. Grimacing as he drew his shot, Eliran nooked two arrows, aiming to strike the Tomb and Morris's face, "Ready..." He spoke to Enera, still looking at the cardinal, "set..." His shot was set, "_GO!_" He cried out, releasing the arrows at the man.
