Eliran (Halim): While Desii's save left much to be desired (Eliran is personally a fan of being caught by a nice strong man over a dainty girl), it was extremely appreciated. Groaning beside the blonde girl he started to get up. "thanks Desii..." He looked to the girl, "Are you ok?" He looked back towards the fight , the after effects of Enera's magic, "We need to move" He said simply, helping Desii up, Eliran started to limp out and away from the church. The sooner they could blend back in with the crowd the better, and if he could find somewhere to change and recover that would be best.
Bill: After your rendezvous outside the monastery you're given only a moment to catch your breath before the sound of of boots comes clomping from down the street. Soldiers mixed with clergy members come running around the bend, looking about for a moment before spotting your group. The town guardsmen, probably alerted by the sounds and lights of the battle, have joined the clergymen in hunting you down. 

Due to the size of Trisp, the streets behind you quickly fill with the guardsman and clergy. There are too few side streets and avenues and it's not long before the entire party is on your tail. On the other side of the coin, the size of the party is smaller than you'd expect for the same reason, the clergymen out numbering the soldiers by at least a few. Your only escape route seems to be the southern exit from town. 

Enera, the target of the man hunt, stays close to Desii and the older woman keeps a tight grip on her hand. She looks resolutely forward however, compared to Desii's constant looking behind her with worry. At one point the girl even leads the escaping group, knowing a shortcut she once took when allowed out of the monastery. It even puts some distance between you and the search party, though you can sense their approach.
Bill: - - - - -

Exhaustion forces everyone to slow as they reach the top of the southern hill. Far to the east you can see the start of the forest, and to the west is the coast. South the hills continue, the rough terrain obscuring the horizon. The darkness makes everything distant seem shadowed and ominous, though the light of the stars and moon prevent you from tripping over each other. 

Behind you in the distance you can see torch lights moving out of Trisp. It appears the Cardinal is not willing to let you make such a clean escape. You think you hear horse hooves on the wind, which is a prospect that settles in the pit of your stomach. Horses would make this escape twice as difficult, given their greater speed. 

Enera, standing next to Desii (whose collapsed onto her knees and is panting heavily) looks around the group. "They're... still coming. If the Cardinal's usual gusto applies to his, um..." Enera pouts slightly, not liking her own word choice, "theories about me; he'll have men follow us all the way to Dreca." Enera says. Her shoulders clench up a bit, and her arms wrap around her torso for a moment, making her look smaller than she is. "I appreciate your help..." she says humbly, having not had the chance before. "But what are we to do?" she asks, looking up to the many faces present.
