Dizzy: Desii dives to the side as a column of light magic drops from the sky, tripping over her own two feet onto the ground just outside the spell. She doesn't have time to sigh in relief when the bottom of the pillar begins to melt away, seeping towards her like molten fire in the forge. Desii shrieks, scrambling to her feet and looking for higher ground. 

Her panic causes her limited athletic skills to fail her. Desii stumbles again, her right arm slipping into the spell's effect. She screeches in pain, rolling away and desperately trying to blink away the tears so she could see where she was going. Her breath is ragged by the time she gets to a large chunk of what was once Enera's wall, climbing over it and sobbing on her knees as the spell, nearly upon her again, starts to fade.

The young mage tries to calm her breathing and let the panic in her subside. It takes her a moment, an eternity in combat, but she's able to open her eyes and look for Enera on the side of the wall again. She sees Eliran encouraging Enera to jump down, and the lump in Desii's stomach knows she'll have to go back onto the ground. The ground that not a moment ago brought her more pain that she could ever imagine. Eliran stands, presumably to challenge the Cardinal again, and Desii knows she has to move. She crosses the courtyard, waving to Enera while frantically checking for any more of the torturous golden light. 

"Enera, please! You aren't safe up there!" Desii calls, a small voice in the back of her mind calling her a fool for bringing Enera down near the molten light. Enera looks down to Desii and Desii feels strength course through her. Enera is tearful and her confusion is all over her face, her world crumbling around her and Desii knew what that feeling was like. 

"We'll get through this together Enera, just come down! I'm not going anywhere; I promised Saila and Dain!" Desii tries again, hoping the name of Enera's parents will encourage the girl to move.
Bill: !ghost 
Desii dives to the side as a column of light magic drops from the sky, tripping over her own two feet onto the ground just outside the spell. She doesn't have time to sigh in relief when the bottom of the pillar begins to melt away, seeping towards her like molten fire in the forge. Desii shrieks, scrambling to her feet and looking for higher ground. 

Her panic causes her limited athletic skills to fail her. Desii stumbles again, her right arm slipping into the spell's effect. She screeches in pain, rolling away and desperately trying to blink away the tears so she could see where she was going. Her breath is ragged by the time she gets to a large chunk of what was once Enera's wall, climbing over it and sobbing on her knees as the spell, nearly upon her again, starts to fade.

The young mage tries to calm her breathing and let the panic in her subside. It takes her a moment, an eternity in combat, but she's able to open her eyes and look for Enera on the side of the wall again. She sees Eliran encouraging Enera to jump down, and the lump in Desii's stomach knows she'll have to go back onto the ground. The ground that not a moment ago brought her more pain that she could ever imagine. Eliran stands, presumably to challenge the Cardinal again, and Desii knows she has to move. She crosses the courtyard, waving to Enera while frantically checking for any more of the torturous golden light. 

"Enera, please! You aren't safe up there!" Desii calls, a small voice in the back of her mind calling her a fool for bringing Enera down near the molten light. Enera looks down to Desii and Desii feels strength course through her. Enera is tearful and her confusion is all over her face, her world crumbling around her and Desii knew what that feeling was like. 

"We'll get through this together Enera, just come down! I'm not going anywhere; I promised Saila and Dain!" Desii tries again, hoping the name of Enera's parents will encourage the girl to move.
Bill: Morras smirks, letting his swath of writhing deflect Eliran's arrows.

"Your efforts are pointless, thief. You shall no more take my pupil from me than you will defeat me in combat." he says to the young bard. Suddenly Morras hears his title from behind him, in a terribly familiar voice. He looks aside, one eye still watching the bard, to see Afina Tyndall in the hall, with her guardian knight nearby and looking ready for a fight.

"Lady Tyndall, you shouldn't be here. My apologies for having this dangerous scenario occur during your visit; it appears some hooligans are trying to kidnap my apprentice. Needless to say, this upset me greatly as she is mine to protect. Please retreat to the library, I shall have this resolved soon." he says, watching Eliran the entire time. Morras then motions at the bard with a shake of his head.

"Sir knight, if you would? These heathens wish to deprive Lylalel of one of her strongest servants; may they repent in the next life." he says; the latter phrase a traditional execution statement from the church. 

Pages then begin to burn from Morras's tome. The man's narrowed eyes guide his magic, the knots and vines of magic slowing down and spreading out straight from the center knot. These pinwheels of magic begin to spin, and a ring forms from the extended tips of the vines. These wagon wheel shaped manifestations begin to spin forward, floating towards the Elbian as the build up to a speed fast enough the eye can no longer track the spokes of the wheel.
Elfriede (Tom): Faun heard a muffled words from nearby but his gaze was arrested by the destruction of the room and the Cardinal. His expression looked all to familiar. He gritted his teeth hard and finally grasped his sword. He was about to begin to walk forward when suddenly he was being pulled on… or rather, a load was being taken from him.

He turned to see another disgruntled blonde snatching the princess away from him. He was going to protest, but Nokri seemed fully capable in the moment. He stared at the girl dumbfounded as she began her “work”. The princess was in already terrible shape. Her breathing was off, beads of sweat rolled off her forehead. Perhaps it’s better that he allows her to take care of her. He had other difficult matters to attend to. Nokri suddenly withdrew a familiar bound tome. A wave of relief fell over Elfriede, and appreciation… and guilt. 


He looked down at Nokri and nodded even though she wasn't looking at him. “Thank you… you are truly kind...” Elfriede looked back up to the Cardinal and began to proceed towards the room cautiously. He spotted Eliran attempting to assist the young girl Enera, whom oddly seemed to fully trust him. “Something is off..” he whispered to himself. He understood that his companions were right. This whole monastery seemed completely off. Leave people alone with a doctrine long enough and they might begin to interpret them anyway they want. This town was poisoned. There was no light of Lylalel here, just power-perverted men.
Elfriede (Tom): He realized he hadn't seen Desi or Aldus, he glanced at the broken wall in which Morras occasionally glanced outside. *They must be outside.* Suddenly after a few moments, apparently aware of his presence, the Cardinal turned to address him and ...the princess? He glanced sidelong and back at the woman standing there with a somewhat shaky stance. He felt waves of embarrassment wash over him as he glimpsed her face. Their eyes locked only briefly, just long enough for him to glimpse the expression on her face. She wasn’t looking at him with the same eyes that she used to. They were clouded with doubt. He elected to look away, biting back any emotion in the moment, ...back to the clouded self-righteous Cardinal casually giving him orders. 


Elfriede grimaced at the man. “Only high servants of Lylalel are qualified to order me around Sir Morras.” Addressing him intentionally with a title that was **not** Cardinal. He clicked his sword just a small bit out of its sheath. While turning his attention to the vines of light that sprawled around the room. “Your servant Torin already proved to me that much.” Faun gritted his teeth once more to hold his frustration. He felt the pressure of his larger than normal canines press hard against his lower teeth. Which reminded him of what he was, and what he did to Torin. He had killed a high official of Lylalel. Whether or not the good lady actually supported that man… is another matter.
Afina (Georgia🍀): A wave of relief washed over Afina as Elfriede met her gaze. He seemed embarrassed, and ashamed. _Rightfully so,_ she thought. He shied away, turning to address the Cardinal. _Dropping a formal title, he knows better than that,_ Afina thought, as Nokri thrust the tomes from the ground into Afina's hands. _Even still, it's a comfort to know that he's only a liar, and not a traitor as well_. The princess's gazed flickered throughout the room, and it seemed as if time had slowed down. 

Bright pinwheels of light manifested themselves in front of the Cardinal. Elfriede's sword clicked out of its sheathe, as he prepared to draw. Enera hid behind Eliran, as he bravely faced the violent Cardinal. Nokri stood at Afina's side, her own blue attire making the princess feel a sense solidarity with the other young woman. She would properly thank Nokri later. 

Afina's hands numbly grazed the tomes; Should she attack the Cardinal here, Callora and Eraia would most definitely be one step closer to war. A princess of a prominent Callorian nation, attacking the highest ranking religious figure in the Eraian church... it was political suicide. Afina had come for her own advancement, and for the good of her people. What good would Laera get from her attacking the Cardinal? She hesitated, mouth open as fear prevented her from moving. And if she didn't do anything, Eliran would take the full force of the Cardinal's assault. Eliran, her first friend, her best friend, and even though he had neglected to write, the closest thing she had to family besides her own blood.
Afina (Georgia🍀): The violent pinwheels flew towards the merchant man with astounding speed, and Afina could feel her stomach drop. "Nokri, arm yourself!" the princess instructed, her free hand pointing towards the tomes littered about the floor. In an instant, the feeble weakness of the drugs seemed to have left the Laeran's body as adrenaline flooded her veins. She wasn't sure she knew who Elfriede was anymore, but he was still her escort. She could trust him to provide a solid assault on the Cardinal if she could shield Eliran. 

_If two spells come together, they will cancel each other's effects_, Afina could hear her tutor say, as a white halo manifested itself on the floor around Eliran and Enera. A hollow column of light soared up into the air, swallowing the pinwheels as they approached the Callorian and Eblian. With a billow of wind, both spells dispersed, leaving all in the room unchanged. Afina held her breath as she clasped her tomes between her uninjured right hand and her chest. _Say something, Afina, you can't commit such acts without justifying yourself. 

"Cardinal, forgive me, but I believe this violence to be needless and excessive," she stated, hoping that her proximity to Nokri would not give her true allegiance away. She held her breath as she awaited her reply, putting her faith in Eliran and Elfriede's ability to retaliate.
