Nokri (Marisa): When the ground began shaking, Nokri was caught unawares and jumped higher than a professional athlete. Members of their party would likely recall her shocked reaction and shrill "*yeek*" in the future whenever they needed a chuckle. The panic faded quickly and Nokri regained her stoic composure, glaring none too fondly at whatever it was that caused the stir. 
*Ah. Of course. Typical lagul,* she thought as she spied the newcomers and their long ears. *No common decency.*

Nokri did not particularly enjoy being corralled underground. She had become somewhat particular around tunnels and caves since she was nearly murdered in one and decided to stick close to Aldus, figuring that if one of these rabbits tried something he could bite them or whatever.

On the ship deck, she put on a sweet face for the onlookers. Shouts were coming from every which way that it was hard to distinguish any one thing being said, so she observed their surroundings. "Are we being kidnapped again?" she mused. More jeering followed. "I think they like us." Nokri recalled Desii's comment about rabbit feet and her mind filled with thoughts of finances. How much would these guys' feet sell for if one of the crew just so happened to accidentally lose one? Would just an ear suffice, or did it have to be a foot? Maybe a nice ear could be sold for its fur, and as Nokri scanned the crowd for the laguz with hypothetically the best fur, one in particular caught her eye. He looked familiar. But why?

"Have we met that guy?" she whispered, pointing her chin at the furball in question. It was hard to know for sure, but a muggy memory was slowly being dredged up from the back of her memory.
Aldus (Jess): The first one to speak is Afina, in hushed tones to Eliran she explains Elfriede’s heritage. *He’s a Naissankari?! I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised after all the strange smells on the both of them but… why would he hide it? He has no ears, were they cut off, did he cut them off himself? Has he a tail? Has he any respect for his heritage, or would his country sweep our people under the rug just as it does it’s dirty deeds?* Aldus glares at Elfriede, before easing his gaze upon taking in Elfriede’s dejected stare into the soil. *It would seem the princess has some reservations about our people as well… funny, she hid her racism around me quite well.” He pushes thoughts of the other off until later though, if there is one.

--

By the time they stop to take a breather on the hill, Aldus had resigned himself to the idea of being arrested. *This is it, im going to rot to death in an Erian prison and be marked a kidnapper, good job, great name you’ve made for yourself out there* He sarcastically lectures himself inwardly just as a voce breaks the awkward silence among their ragtag crew.  

He’s never seen a  Kouneli before . He makes a conscious effort not to gawk, as he’s quite used to being on the other end of judging states at this point. 

---

In what seems like only moments their situation has turned around quite well in Aldus’ opinion. These Kouneli have quite the operation down here, very convenient. 

Upon the boat Aldus finds himself once again on the wrong end of those judging stares he tried so hard not the give as many Kouneli gather around to gaw at their group. *Guess I can’t blame them though, we must look interesting” 

At Nokri’s comment he follows her gaze to a man scrubbing away at the ships surface. “Yes, I believe we have?” he responds, noting how close she’s come to him since their entrance into the rabbit hole. “Wasn’t he in Theanovene? At your stall? Ancestors help me though, I can’t remember his name to save my soul. We only spoke briefly”
Bill: "No need." You hear in a commanding voice from over the crowd. The various sailors either shut up or give small cheers at the sound of the voice, and the back chatter stops. A hole begins to part in the circle around you.

Andres shifts his weight onto his back leg, awkwardly scratching the back of his head. "Well, here we go." he mutters. His woman friend gives a pat on the shoulder before merging into the ring of Kouneli around you, clearly content to watch. "You lot," Andres grumbles over his shoulder, "Don't make me look an ass here."

A man approaches your assembled group, the sailors letting him pass like thread through a needle. He has scruffy brown hair that covers his human ears and brushed his broad shoulders. While not a muscular build he’s solid and you can tell he’s an accomplished fighter simply by the way he moves. He has brown stubble on his surprisingly young face, He is in his upper 20’s lower 30’s. He has three daggers on his left side, and a scimitar on his right. He has scars up his right arm, old and deep. He wears a short sleeve white shirt with a leather vest over top, worn open. 

He approaches and stops, chewing on a weed like a farmer would in the field. He takes in Andres first, then Aldus and Nokri behind him. "Why did you bring souvenirs back from a recon mission Andres?" the man says evenly. "Drecian no less. That's bad news, you realize the more Eraians they kill the better for us right?" He adds dryly. All around the circle people snicker and chuckle at the wise crack. 

"Laugh it up you hyucks..." Andres says to the crowd, rolling his eyes in dismissal. "Captain, I'm following a hunch. This group? They're of value to Eraia." The Captain raises an eyebrow and begins walking in a circle around your group.

"I don't see how that's going to help us. We're heading home, not to ransom... I don't even know, a pair of nuns?" He says as he gets a look at Desii and Enera. "Nuns and a Drecian." He chides.
Bill: "Captain, is this really necessary?" Andres sighs, walking a step behind the man. "You know I'm just as serious about the cause as you, I'm not screwing around here." 

"You're a loyal man Andres, but this has *disrupted the entire ship* with it's nonsense and I feel a little embarrassment is a suitable punishment for..." the Captain stops, dead in his tracks when Afina and Elfriede come into view. His eyes, twinkling with amusement and sarcasm cloud and pierce their way through the injured knight and princess. 

"There's nothing to see here." The Captain says suddenly, louder and with all the mirth lost from his voice. The sailors move at once, back to posts or anywhere not near the Captain. Only Andres remains, who looks at his Captain curiously and cautiously.

"Haldel...?" Andres says. 

"Captain." Haldel replies on automatic. "Take them to the brig, but tend to them and give them what they need. For the love of *god* take their weapons and *spellbooks*, and see to it they're okay. I'll come get them when we're at sea." Haldel orders. Andres only nods in response, waving to a few onlookers to serve as the armed guard. Haldel turns on a heel, but pats Andres on the shoulder as he pass him. 

"Your gut hasn't failed you yet." He says to Andres, and the scout smirks. Haldel then leaves, heading below deck. 

- - - - -

Haldel's orders are followed to the letter. While your weapons and tomes are taken, they are simple placed on the other side of the room and done so carefully. The Kouneli seem to bear no ill will and treat your belongings with respect. While they bring you food (standard fare for a ration, but no meager portion for prisoners) and medicine, Eliran is taken to the ship's doctor directly. You're given the Doctor's word that he's doing every thing he can for the injured minstrel.
Bill: Meanwhile you are left to sit. You can feel the ship lifting anchor, and feel it lurk as it turns to the south. Andres sticks around, resting on the table and chairs nearby and playing solitaire with a deck of cards. Anything that wasn't deemed a weapon is in the cell with you. 

After a while, Andres looks up suddenly and calls out. "Wolfie! Here boy!" he shouts down the hall. He's spotted Tikur, coming down from the deck and waves at the Naissankari in question.
