Aldus (Jess): As he makes himself ready to go to the monastery that morning, he decides to shave his usually closely groomed facial hair completely off. After making sure his face is clean and fresh, he ties his hair in a low ponytail leaving a few of his bangs fashionably free in front of his face, in an attempt to clean himself up a bit for the sake of first impressions. Forgoing his armor again, he wears his typical casual green tunic and custom tailored pants. He pulls two final items from the depths of his pack that he hasn’t had use for as of yet - a formal waist sash in deep brown, and a matching custom tailored vest. He adorns the two more formal items and sets down to the inn’s common area to wait for Desii.
Aldus (Jess): ---
The monastery paints an imposing image, not one fixture on the building is left in its natural state, everything having been painted pitch black. Aldus has never seen any building like it before. The buildings in his home country are typically left in their natural state another testament to the differences of Wynne and Eraia. The inside is no less imposing, Aldus idly wonders exactly how long it would take one person to clean and polish this entire building, a task he assumes is primary left to low ranking scholars and perhaps apprentices as punishment for defying orders. Everyone moved out of the way of the man leading them quite formally, as if its its expected of them, he notes. The entire population of the monastery is clad in white, it’s quite obvious these people are indeed obsessed with cleanliness. *What if they drop something on their robes? Wouldn’t it be more economical to wear something a little darker?* he thinks critically. There is one thing however that brings him a bit of comfort to see - other laguz, although none are Naissankari, they are mostly cat laguz he notes. The realization that he hasn't seen another wolf laguz since Theanovene summons a bit of homesickness, if only for a moment. A few he passes eye him up curiously, he notes the don't asses Desii in the same way.
Aldus (Jess): The library is tremendous in size, he’s quite sure there are more book here than in all of Wynne. Desiis seems to be just as impressed as he notes the glimmer in her eye, and her slack jaw. Despite her trance, she snaps out of it quickly and begins to search for her true goal.

As she does so Aldus spot a large book placed on a pedestal, atop a low stage and surrounded by many candles. Shelves of book continue behind the elevator platform and no sign forbid him from approaching. He eyes the book curiously, underneath it seats a small placard which reads ‘This time is provide to the public in common language so that all children of Aurii might come to realise the light of Lylalel’ Aldus blinks at the inscription *what does even mean?* he thinks. The name Lylalel rings a bell he can’t quite place. He begins to read the page the book is open too:

Commandments of the followers of Lylalel and all other who exist in her presence: 
1. No other image should be held higher than the image of Lylalel, Most Holy Lady of Light
2. No other so called ‘god’ should have a place in  a follower of Lylalel’s or any that exist in her chosen land of Eraia. It is heretical to speak another ‘gods’ name in her chosen land. No crime, murder included, is ranked worse than slandering or promoting another ‘god’.
3. All should part before a member of the Most Holy’s chosen attendants.
4. None but the chosen attendents of Lylalel may read her most holy of words. 
5. All faithful servants of Lylalel should make it a point to offer their last prayer to her before departing to be by her side.
Aldus (Jess): Just as he is about to continue reading this impossibly list of rules and doctrine he hears Desii call out to a Bishop on the second floor, signifying she has found what she was looking for. She doesn't waste time getting straight to the point - something Aldus can admire - and asks her question outright, yet politely. 

The Bishop however does not respond with same politeness, in fact he almost seems offended but also bored. Aldus wonders idly if she broke any of those five rules he just read about. Aldus approaches the conversation cautiously coming up behind Desii and halting at her side. “Perhaps we could ask just one thing then?” He says voice unfaltering, he’ll be damned if he lets some frail old man intimidate him. “Is Lady Enera happy?” 

--

As the two companions descend the stairs a few moments later Aldus leans down closer to Desii and speaks in a tone low enough so only she can hear him “Perhaps we should speak to Princess Tyndall? Or even Sir Faun? Assuming our next meeting with him goes better then my first, I’d image one of them would have a better idea on how to navigate this situation then either of us would.”
