Bill: '``splitting from head table```
Bill: It is mid morning before Desii joins Aldus on the main floor of their inn. There is a muttered apology before she eats a quick meal, after which the pair are able to leave for the monastery. 

The monastery of Trisp is beautiful in it's simplicity. It's large doors are decorated with raised ridges in the wood, weaving a complex pattern into the door that all the while blends in. It almost seems to be designed to reward attention to detail. A clergyman serving as a doorman, his nose deep in a book, waves you inside. He says through the tome "The library is straight, at the end of the hall. The other areas of the monastery are restricted, please do not wander. If you have need for anything, speak to the Bishop in the library." 

He looks up from his book for a half second, noticing you're both foreigners. "Look for the hat." Then he returns to his reading, ignoring you entirely.

You make your way through the long hallways of the monastery with ease. Others seems to part in the path of your guide, a higher ranking clergyman's right. The place is very clean, the wood floors shine as if waxed and the wall are smooth as glass. You see quite the variety of people, though all dress as members of the clergy. Young and old, even laguz populate the people of the monastery. In some of the open doors you see open rooms with circles drawn on the ground, sitting room with shelves upon shelves of books, and others that look like classrooms.
Dizzy: Desii looks around the massive library in awe. The brunette wants nothing more than to claim one of the massive leather armchairs for herself and settle in with a stack of books the size of herself. Be it light magic as the topic or not, this much *knowledge* was too much to pass up. The little voice in her head reminds her that she has a purpose for being her, and she had best approach that first.

Desii had made the call that the doorman would... not be helpful, in finding Enera. She looks around for the Bishop the doorman mentioned, not spotting him on the first floor. She takes the stairs up slowly, distracted by the titles of the books she can read from the stairs. On the second floor, she's able to spot the Bishop by, indeed, his hat. She waits long enough to ensure Aldus saw where she went before approaching him.

"Good, good morning Sir Bishop." Desii says with only a slight curtsy, remembering her disastrous introduction to Elfriede yesterday. "I have a request of you, if you wouldn't mind. I was told a girl by the name of Enera could be found here, and I'd like to speak to her if she has the time." Desii says diplomatically. "I don't mind waiting!" she adds quickly.
Bill: !ghost Desii looks around the massive library in awe. The brunette wants nothing more than to claim one of the massive leather armchairs for herself and settle in with a stack of books the size of herself. Be it light magic as the topic or not, this much *knowledge* was too much to pass up. The little voice in her head reminds her that she has a purpose for being her, and she had best approach that first.

Desii had made the call that the doorman would... not be helpful, in finding Enera. She looks around for the Bishop the doorman mentioned, not spotting him on the first floor. She takes the stairs up slowly, distracted by the titles of the books she can read from the stairs. On the second floor, she's able to spot the Bishop by, indeed, his hat. She waits long enough to ensure Aldus saw where she went before approaching him.

"Good, good morning Sir Bishop." Desii says with only a slight curtsy, remembering her disastrous introduction to Elfriede yesterday. "I have a request of you, if you wouldn't mind. I was told a girl by the name of Enera could be found here, and I'd like to speak to her if she has the time." Desii says diplomatically. "I don't mind waiting!" she adds quickly.
Bill: The bishop looks up as soon as Desii says the name Enera. He frowns at Desii, placing his hands in front of him and sitting up in his chair. While past his prime, his broad shoulders are still a bit intimidating when he sits straight. 

"I don't know what you've heard, or what reason you think you have to visit Enera, but she does not see visitors at anyone's beck and call. I ask that you let whatever objective you have in mind go and enjoy our library, lest we are forced to remove you from the library. Lady Enera is far too busy to see anyone who comes by wanting to meet our local progidy. She is the Cardinal's private student after all; that does not come with afternoons off to talk to... whoever you are." the Bishop says, digging into Desii with a cold tone. It's almost aggressive, though it's tempered with the tired tone of someone whose been asked the same question a thousand times. He continues to glare at Desii, waiting for her to move or respond.
