Anna (Blonde Banshee): Am I gonna die doing 3 days at once at the gym? You bet
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ... y'all are doing like more than one set of these right
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I am
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): One is definitely not enough
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I pretty much go until I feel sore and/or too tired
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Ok good lol and mood. I'm throwing planks and extra to leg lifts cause need more resistance
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Amazingly I can hold a plank for more than 45 seconds now
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The squats are doing nothing so I need to figure something else out for that
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Hold something heavy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh true I'll try that
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Close to your chin
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Like I hold a weight near my collarbone it helps
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea I will have to do that tonight o3o cause just regular old squats ain't doin shit
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Granted I'm assuming u don't have actual weights uhhhhh if not. Try Wall sits
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I have to do like 40 before I start feeling anything
Anna (Blonde Banshee): That's good that means u can crush ppl
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I def can
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): My legs are the only strong part of my body
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like the fuck
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Same. 
And my pants suffer bc of it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): MOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The thigh hole thing is like the bane of my existence
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Big mood. Big big mood
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Pls what I would give for jeans reinforced in the chub rub area
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): RIGHT?!
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Once I was so upset bc Jean rip I dead questioned if I could worbla it. 
Like that was my state of mind
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Oo throw in a side plank it RLLY helps the abs where it's missing from the leg lifts
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): What is a side plank
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Umm. Ok. Basically. Sideways t pose except the bottom arm is holding u up at the elbow
Anna (Blonde Banshee): And the other arm is against ur body
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ok I gotchu
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thank
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Id
Anna (Blonde Banshee): WTF WHY DID IT LOAD LIKE THAT
Anna (Blonde Banshee): That was a walking epillepsy issue hang on
Anna (Blonde Banshee): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You did well with your explanation
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Cause that's exactly what I thought
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sideways t pose really did it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Thank 
My body hurts
Jess (whoozica): Ok day 3 done
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Day 3 done!
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Same
Dizzy: The cosgains count is now 11!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): !counter add cosgains 5
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Think that's everyone.
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Day 4 done
