Georgia (Something Sensible): Going to the gym is easier when I put the spiderverse soundtrack on and pretend to be training to be the next Spider-Man
Georgia (Something Sensible): What I’ve learned: no idea is a stupid idea if it works
Anna (blonde and sad): ngl ive said "do it for nora-sempai" when ive wanted to quit on the stairclimber
Georgia (Something Sensible): _do it for CCE_
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Neither of you need to work out though! So beautiful!
Anna (blonde and sad): *i need to work out so i dont wheeze walking up my parents driveway*
Anna (blonde and sad): *but thank u*
Anna (blonde and sad): *your kindness is wonderful*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s only fact. <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Georgia (Something Sensible): TODO 6 PACK LEGGO
Georgia (Something Sensible): I want abs you can grate cheese on
Anna (blonde and sad): GIVE THE GIRLS ABS  HORIKOSHI YOU COWARD
Anna (blonde and sad): I just wanna take the abs out of their protective packaging so i feel u
Anna (blonde and sad): we will do this. together
Georgia (Something Sensible): fem present mic and todo are shredded
Georgia (Something Sensible): Try to tell me otherwise
Anna (blonde and sad): no bc mic is a twink its shouta thats ripped
Anna (blonde and sad): forgive me for that sentence
Anna (blonde and sad): todo. is shredded.
Anna (blonde and sad): 100%
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mic definitely has that abdominal V
Georgia (Something Sensible): If you know what I’m sayin
Anna (blonde and sad): <:lenny:456549338026344489>  o yea
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): Todo is probably full cheese shredding 6 pack yes
Anna (blonde and sad): *LEANNA IS SUMMONED BY MENTIONS OF AESTHETICALLY PLEASING HUMANS*
Anna (blonde and sad): but yes 100% todo is shredded af have you seen his genetics???
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Love me some humans
Georgia (Something Sensible): One of them is a beautiful blonde, and you surprised 😏
Anna (blonde and sad): he might not be dummy thicc yet but that boy is gonna have abs for DAYS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FUCK GEORGIA YOU RIGHT LMAO
Georgia (Something Sensible): Todo comes from bara daddy
Georgia (Something Sensible): Gotta get us a shredded femdeavor in here
Anna (blonde and sad): ugh endeavor is such an ass tho someone gotta be hawks and be like HEY ENDEAVOR all over them like catra and adora
Anna (blonde and sad): whos takin abs so far that they gonna be a dummy thicc endeavor, fem or nah
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Feathers and water park is a mistake.
Anna (blonde and sad): i dont know a single person whos actually made hawks' wings out of real feathers lol
Anna (blonde and sad): its fine we just do anyc
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ducks love swimming
Anna (blonde and sad): ANYC. Endeavor's gay panic now set in manhattan. 
Hawks talks to pigeons.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Endeavor is a grade a dickweed but he has a lit aesthetic
Georgia (Something Sensible): Pun intended 🔥
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Aesthetic. Of. Muscles? Or dorky fire mustaches?
Anna (blonde and sad): the moustache is the worst part what are you talking about
Anna (blonde and sad): omg
Anna (blonde and sad): wait
Anna (blonde and sad): if todoroki grew facial hair what color would it be
Georgia (Something Sensible): His eyebrows are on fire, that’s a bitch I can respect for being extra
Georgia (Something Sensible): Half and half <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Georgia (Something Sensible): OH MY GOD WAIT
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You have weird tastes.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Salt and pepper but red and white
Jess (whoozica): What about his pubes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Georgia (Something Sensible): I JUST
Jess (whoozica): Im sorry
Anna (blonde and sad): she just
Anna (blonde and sad): <#406478385137713162>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Jess me and Anna are the same person
Anna (blonde and sad): u missed the chance by like. 5 seconds
Georgia (Something Sensible): We have our priorities set
Jess (whoozica): Opps forgot we had that
Anna (blonde and sad): and a single brain
Anna (blonde and sad): LMFAO
Georgia (Something Sensible): We all share one brain
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh,day10 done
