Nokri (Marisa): this is what a game of epicmafia looks like when half the game dies during the first night
El氣電e Faun (Tom): OH
Nokri (Marisa): wow an actual game in progress for once
Nokri (Marisa): 
Nokri (Marisa): a full game played to the end properly. amazing.
El氣電e Faun (Tom): wow amazing
El氣電e Faun (Tom): is it over already? i thought it lasted longer
Nokri (Marisa): They really vary, especially in sandbox. I窶况e been in games that last 2 minutes and games that drag on for like 3 hours.
Nokri (Marisa): Average is about 15 minutes from game creation to game end
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oh okayi thought for some reason that you'd be playing for months
Nokri (Marisa): ooo, the sbbb will be for months ya
mafia itself is smaller rounds

people split from the mafia site and started making their own games based on the community from mafia
El氣電e Faun (Tom): ~~theyre different?~~
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Is it the same game but slower?
Nokri (Marisa): naw, totally different
Nokri (Marisa): sbbb is like a reality tv show played through discord
Bill: Big brother and mafia (ie werewolf) right?
Nokri (Marisa): yee
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Ohh but I thought it was the same concept in theory?
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Like people getringing voted off is like dying
Nokri (Marisa): not quite. ooooo i can see how that's a thing ye <:thinku:543194478614413318> 
in mafia though there are good and bad sides each working towards their goal, and specific roles. like the picture i posted how 6 people died the first night of the game
in big brother, one person gets kicked off per week and there are no assigned "sides", everyone is on their own team and their goal is just to win for themselves and not for a side
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Okay so like the fool role is only in mafia then while big brother you all just talk and one person "dies" per night? 
Are you assigned a persona in BB for variety?
Nokri (Marisa): ye! the fool is in mafia, they win if they get lynched. in mafia *usually* one person dies each night and one person *might* die during the day (more than one person can die at night or during the day, it depends on a ton of factors)

in big brother we don't get a persona or role, it's just us chatting. there will be a minigame or event and whoever gets the highest score becomes the head of house, who can pick 2 people to be nominated to be kicked out. then everyone in the game votes on who they think should be eliminated from the 2 options, and finally one is ceremoniously "evicted". they get brought back at the end of the game though to watch the finale
El氣電e Faun (Tom): ooooooh I see ~~im still a little confuse but it's okay~~
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Is big brother always reality TV based
Nokri (Marisa): ye! it's based off the TV show
Nokri (Marisa): tv show of the same name
El氣電e Faun (Tom): Oooooooh
El氣電e Faun (Tom): I've never heard of this
El氣電e Faun (Tom): This makes sense now thank you
