Nokri (Marisa): "I've had an interest," she retorted. The more information one has, the stronger they are. She shrugged at his refusal of her drink and downed a sip of it herself. Her face contorted for a moment. Too bitter. "Not exactly much time to act on it, though. Someone is always getting into trouble." She rolled her eyes. *Desii is always causing one mess or another.*
Aldus (Jess): "Ah yes and what someone could that be?" he answers before his mind has time to catch up with the first thing she said. "W-wait what?" *Interested? What in the ancestors graves does that mean?!* He feels a bit of heat rise to his cheeks. "Look if you're trying to get something out of me, there isn't much to get. I'm not the heir to any fortune, and any position of power I once had a chance a is now completely shot."
Nokri (Marisa): "What." Nokri side-eyed him, slightly confused by his overreaction.  She narrowed her eyes and pouted. "You still owe me if I help you fix your problem. Don't give up your goal, you can still regain a position of power." If he did that, Nokri would be pleased to have more powerful connections. She stood up, staring in his eyes and standing as intimidatingly as she could muster for a calm 5 foot tall girl in pajamas. "You *are* still interested in fixing that issue, yeah?"
Aldus (Jess): "Well, yes of course. But I doubt those back home will take me back even If I do gain the the ability to transform, Its all kind of complicated at this point." Maybe he should have stayed quite about mentioning losing the position his father groomed him for. "Desii has done nothing but help from my view, she even helped come rescue you, a woman she just met, and tended to your wounds thanklessly. You'd do well to give her a chance, or is their a particular reason for your distaste? You'll get more bees with honey Nokri. Don't devalue the power of having friends" He says this calmly, the small woman's stance doing little to intimidate the much taller man, even if he was currently seated.
Nokri (Marisa): With a disappointed "hmmmph" Nokri sat down again, still pointing her narrowed eyes at Aldus. This time she was seated more in the center of the room. "You can think what you want. I think she's a walking risk. I'd be frankly shocked if she hasn't concussed herself multiple times just by tripping. You seem to appreciate her company a lot, though." Nokri smirked. "Is she your type?"
Aldus (Jess): Aldus watches amused as Nokri plops down on her bed with a huff like small child angry at their parent for scolding them, she seems to ignore his first statement altogether choosing to focus on only parts about Desii, which Aldus finds quite curious. "Is she your type?" Nokri asks sounding bothered, and not in the way she usually sounds bothered either, no this is different.  Aldus chuckles nervously "My *type*? I'm.... not quite sure I have a type. I mean, I used to have a girlfriend. So it's not like I haven't experienced anything like that before but I think it'd be hard so say what my *type* really is. There were things I didnt like about her aswell so if I had to list things I'd like too see in  a partner then perhaps I'd say I would like them to be kind, accepting, strong in their own right. I would like to be able to share jokes and stories with them, and keep no secrets. But I suppose that doesn't really answer your question and I've only just met Desii so I cannot.  W-why do you ask? What's your type then?"
Nokri (Marisa): She went wide-eyed and snickered. *Really? A girlfriend?* The more she thought about it, the more it caused her to giggle, nearly falling over. Dog boy was really opening up tonight. Nokri wish she had more of the weird tea to quell her laughter, but it was too far away at this point and she didn't want to bother getting it. Aldus then proceeded to list the most ridiculous qualities for a partner she'd ever heard. "Mmhmm. Okay. Good luck finding miss perfect," she managed to speak before another fit of giggles.
"And who, me? You think I have any interest in that?" After scratching her head for a moment, Nokri came up with a basic list of necessities for any person she'd date. *I might be aiming high but at least my expectations are realistic," she determined. "I'd be happy to find someone with a stable income" *who makes a ton of dough* "and who is in fine fettle. I don't want an idiot who goes slashing swords at everything and expects me to patch them up 3 times a day. At that point the relationship just becomes a job." Maybe she could find work as the exclusive doctor of a rich idiot. That would be fine.
 "You really had a girlfriend? Wasn't Mr. Famous Trading Company™ your boyfriend or something?"
Aldus (Jess): Laying his heart to bear is unsurprisingly met with with a fit of giggles and a mocking comment. Her next response is even more confusing though "You think I have any interest in that?" she asks incredulously before she mulls it over.
"If you don't like my answer then why would you even ask?! Proper companionship is hardly a high standard" he says, hurt. "Well something provoked you to ask such a question, its only fair you be able to answer your own question."

"Realistic? I suppose. If that's your type then perhaps you should speak to Eliran yourself , as he is assuredly not mine. Or perhaps Sir Faun? That we met tonight? A knight's salary would be quite decent, especially an Eraian Knight's. They are both fit as well it would seem." Aldus folds his arms over his chest and continues "But let me ask you this - where is the connection in money and appearances? Do you think these things are a cure for loneliness? Only a true connection can quell that. To answer your last question yes, I had a girlfriend, Is that so hard to believe? I know Naissankari aren't common down here but I don't think I fall anywhere short on appearances of Eliran, or the knight."
