Nokri (Marisa): ```Characters: Aldus, Nokri, (anyone else at the inn who wanna join idk)
Location: The Violet Light's Rest
Aside START```
Nokri (Marisa): The already muffled voices in the hall were getting more and more distant. It seems they moved to one of the rooms. Nokri briefly entertained a scandalous thought. She sat for a minute, wondering what to do. Walking straight by them and saying "oh, what a coincidence. I'm on my way to the bathroom what are you talking about," would be far too obvious. They'd probably kick her out of the inn. But what were they talking about? What if they were talking about her? 
She slowly and sliently creaked her door open a crack. The hallway was entirely hushed now aside from the din of chatter downstairs and settling noises of the building. Which rooms were the others in, again? Maybe it was on the other side where she couldn't see.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus feels unsatisfied with Elirans excuses for not telling him about himself but he wasn't going to press the issue further, the man had a point. Well he isn't going to stay here, he has his own room. He walks back out into the hallway being sure to close and lock the door behind him. His coversation with Desii had left him light, his conversation with Eliran the opposite. He turns and begins to head down the hallway to his own private room.
Nokri (Marisa): There was a click, and the sound of another door opening. Nokri quickly escaped back into her room so as not to get caught. *Wait. What am I hiding from? I'm not doing anything wrong.*
Once again she opened the door, this time partially walking out into the hallway to see who else was there. The dog guy was coming out of a room and walking down the hall. He didn't exactly look happy. "Ah. It's you," she stated. "Hey. Is that Eliran's room? What is he doing?"
Aldus (Jess): Nokri rushes out of the room to Aldus's left, starling him a bit. She greats him dryly before asking a few too many questions about their teal haired companian. "Yes? He's trying to sleep, you know like most people do at this hour. What are you so excited about anyway?"
Nokri (Marisa): *Wow. Someone is grumpy.* She expected him to start growling or bearing his fangs.
"What's got you so uptight? Did you not enjoy dinner? I thought it was rather lovely. Plus, we each have our own rooms so I don't have to deal with your snoring." The snoring bit was sarcasm and meant to be a special brand of Nokri Joke™, but was delivered flatly. 
"Did you know about him?" she asked curiously, nodding in the direction of Eliran's room.
Aldus (Jess): *Oh yes because you're such a ray of sunshine* Aldus bites back bitterly. "You're one to talk" he mutters before Nokri can ask her real question. No point in hiding it he supposes. "No, I just thought he was a guy who wandered around playing music and warming beds, and occasionally delivered a letter or two when the gigs weren't paying well. I'm guessing you didn't know either from your face when he announced it ."
Nokri (Marisa): "Yep. That makes two of us, then. Wonderful." It was weird seeing the dog boy upset. He was usually not upset. Nokri didn't quite know how to respond, but it would suck if his sour mood continued and dragged everyone else down. Especially in front of their wealthy friends.
"How does that make you feel?"
Aldus (Jess): "Strange, I don't know why he he'd hide this from me but he doesn't seem to want us to treat him differently because of what he was born into. I suppose I can relate to that" he says a little somberly.
Nokri (Marisa): "Oh, can you now?" Nokri pried, perhaps still a bit elated from their drinks with dinner. "How so?" she asked. She retreated a step back into the room, the ground of which was littered with grass and random plants she had plucked along their route like a flora-loving kleptomaniac. She held the door open invitingly.
Aldus (Jess) ♊: *what a lightweight* he thinks noting her mood,. Still, drunk and happy is better than dealing with her sober and grumpy. She holds open the door to her room, revealing a wide array of plants on the floor. He keeps his smart remarks regarding the mess to himself as he enters. He chuckles "Im a laguz who can't do the one thing that set us apart from humans, that didn't go over too well with my parents and peers, I *may* have idea what its like to not want to be judged for the way you simply *are*"
Nokri (Marisa): Nokri takes a seat on the ground under the window, pushing aside a pile of pine leaves with her foot in the process. She gestures for him to take a seat anywhere. Ordinarily she'd never let someone in her room, there would be too many things she considered valuable or secrets she didn't want seen. But now that her stuff was gone it really didn't matter. "Wow, how tragic," she lamented in the same flat tone of voice. "And how does *that* make you feel?"
She picked up a random bowl she was working on earlier. It was some kind of tea, what with boiled leaves sitting in water. She sniffed it a moment and offered it to Aldus if he was thirsty.
Aldus (Jess) ♊: Nokri gestures for him to sit down which is... different. She feigns some concern for his plight but is obvious she doesn't actually care, probably just trying to find out more things that could be used against him if need be. She offers him some strange looking tea, shoving it toward him a little clumsily in her tipsiness. the smell is very... unpleasant  "Oh uh... no thank you. I had mint tea earlier before..." he trails off while taking a seat in the desk chair just as he did in Desii's room earlier.  "Why are you asking anyway?" he says as gently as possibly, not wanting to provoke the small woman. "you've never taken much interest in me before this."
