Nokri (Marisa): Her wrist was redirected to the air, like a parent swatting their kid away from something expensive without sending their kid into a tantrum. Nokri pursed her lips and stared at him. An improperly treated scar. Tsk tsk. 
"Another time, then."
She strode over to the door and opened it, as though to kindly show him out after a cordial conversation among friends. Though it looked more like she was kicking him out and waiting for him to leave. "What is this business?" she quipped, curiosity getting the better of her once again.

As he left, she gave one final "good night" before shutting and locking the door. The lock was cool.
Aldus (Jess): Aldus returns to his own room after a much longer night of discussions than he had planned for. He breathes out heavily and sits down on the bed, running his hands over his face and rubbing his tired eyes. He looks up and is met with the reflection of his own image in the forgotten mirror on the wall. He rises back off the bed and pulls his shirt off, approaching the mirror. His form is well defined, Nokri was right about that but he knows that. No the uneasiness he’s feeling now is due to the scar which she asks about. Wrapping itself around his side, the trained eye can probably tell it's from teach or claws, perhaps Nokri was able to divulge that much herself just a few minutes ago. He runs his fingers over the pink and white mark, the sensation strange even almost 2 years later. He still remembers that day clearly though:
Aldus (Jess): “Maybe I just don’t have a wolf form, father. I just don’t! Maybe it’s never going to happen” Aldus exclaims after hours of sparring with his father outside near the house in attempt to get trigger his wolf form. 

“Aldus Larian, nothing is wrong with you, you just need more time” his mother tries to interject.

“No Kata, he’s right something *is* wrong with him. He’s a failure as a laguz, a disgrace to our people, he’s *broken*”

“Eldrem please, he’s your son!”

“Is he Kata? Maybe he isn’t! Or am I misremembering you spending a lot of time with that human the year he was born? It would explain while he can’t do the one thing that should come most naturally to him!”

Aldus stands between the two of them confused and angry, how can his father even say that? He has his father’s eyes even others in Roren have told him he looks just like his father did when he was his age.

“Oh you just can’t let that go can you Eldrem? It’s been 20 years, Two decades, you have a problem”

“I have a problem? No Kata he has the problem” his father turns to him “You - you have the problem son” his tone drips with malice Aldus feels his temper rise, he grits his teeth.

“Why can’t you just accept me the way I am!? How can you say these things to me, to Mother?!” He turns away, “I’ve always looked up  to you but, maybe you’re right maybe I’m not your son!” 

All of a sudden a pain unlike anything he’s felt before strikes in him his right side, he doubles over and then hits the ground. His mother moves between him and his father, but she’s in her wolf form now growling and snapping at his father, another wolf form darts past him which he recognizes at his father before his vision fades to black.
