meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): To work on cosplay or to draw inktober THAT IS THE QUESTION
Erik (slendergiant): Yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): To work on inktober, do homework or nap is my question XD 
~~sadly it must be homework D:~~
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Inktober day 6 late submission featuring orb of confusion
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i missed like 5 days so m still on day uh. 3 oops
you want fucking rwby chibi?: <@245270932602486784> im cursing the chat with the sins of our past !
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 
Georgia (Something Sensible): how so
Georgia (Something Sensible): noO
you want fucking rwby chibi?: homestuck!
you want fucking rwby chibi?: day 3: roasted/horns
Jess (whoozica): Omg kyoot tho
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ty!
Jess (whoozica): Jess? Drawing Mystic Messenger fan art again? Just about as likley as you'd guess. Prompt: Exhausted
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I worked on cosplay… I haven’t drawn in 3 days and I feel so guilty!! I have an hour and a half break in between classes tomorrow tho so I’ll try to catch up then
Erik (slendergiant): You got this! And even though you're behind, you're still doing more than your initial goal!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Gahhh! Thanks Erik, time just got away from me this weekend
Erik (slendergiant): That's understandable
Erik (slendergiant): I need to continue just doing these pencil/paper/outline drawings because they're hella faster and I had no time to do anything cosplay related until tonight
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): You’ve colored ALOT of them on the compooper, take a break and give yourself time to do other things!
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): The reason I didn’t have time to draw this weekend was cause I was finally working on cosplay stuff. I got a lot done but I still have a lot to do over the next two weeks
Jess (whoozica): That's ok! Also if you want you could commit to just a few days a week instead of everyday! I think the point is just to improve and form a habit I wasnt going to do today's but I've had the idea since the first day so I really didn't wanna skip 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I missed the past few days but I don’t want to loose my momentum and just fizzle out? If I don’t post anything tomorrow everyone yell at me
Jess (whoozica): Nooooo I couldnt do dat!
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I still need to todays
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): GIRL YELL AT ME
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~be her Bakugo~~
Erik (slendergiant): I gotchu Meg
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): That’s exactly what I need
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Thank you Erik!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'M GOING TO KILL DEKU also DRAW YOUR DAMN POST
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Very in character
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ALSO DEKU IS AN IDIOT
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Much appreciated
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): needs more bold.
Erik (slendergiant): Tomorrow's prompt on the official list is "star" so depending what direction you take that in, it could be very easy 😂
Jess (whoozica): TRUE
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Hmmmmmmm 🤔
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://giphy.com/gifs/star-butterfly-sbvtfoe-vs-the-forces-of-evil-ao2IHZ0y6ZD2M
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): 
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Done
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): **kiri would defiantly let Baku out the star on the top of the tree**
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I misplaced my nice pen and now i cant finish my inktober for today :c
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): What makes a pen nice? Does it say please and thank you
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): it offers messages of support while drawing
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Aww how kind
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): so that you don't get discouraged by self doubt until after its done
Erik (slendergiant): Pen is nice
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): 
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Fun fact: I apparently own a nice 48 set of water color brush pens
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Second fun fact: i have no idea how to use watercolor anything
Erik (slendergiant): Is that for the potions prompt?
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): ye
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): final fun fact 
if you're striving to use only 1 piece of paper for as much of inktober as possible 
watercolor pens are not a good idea
Erik (slendergiant): You mean, you *didn't* draw the potion's seller whose potions are too strong?
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): cause they bleed through
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I can't draw people well lol
Jess (whoozica): Day 8 Prompt: Star ~~fire~~
Jess (whoozica): Coloring is kind uneven but turned out better than I expected so whoo
