Erik (slendergiant): http://wonderytho.tumblr.com/post/178785828099/me-irl
Erik (slendergiant): <@229713389511901185>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I got a pumpkin to carve and I have yet to do so... tempted to do this XD
Erik (slendergiant): We got pumpkins to carve last year and my dad never carved his. It's still down in our basement. The outside still hasn't rotted. We have no idea what the inside looks like and we're a little afraid to find out
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): CAN WE CATAPULT IT
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao let's do it
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): ITD BE LIKE A HALLOWEEN STINK BOMB
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Let's catapult rotten pumpkins at people we dislike? XD
Erik (slendergiant): Only if we catapult it at Jess's cunt of a co-worker's car
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): That sounds glorious
Jess (whoozica): PLEASE DO
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Well do it while your at work so you have an alibi
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Jess' co-worker, terrible old friends, exes, the whole nine yards of assholes eh? XD
Jess (whoozica): YE perfect plan!
Jess (whoozica): were gonna need more pumpkins
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ill just go raid all the farms near me for some XD
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ve got a barrel of rotten tomatoes and eggplants from my moms garden?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes good XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol speaking of throwing like rotten stuff at people, etc... This reminds me how my car got egged last year on Halloween. D: ~~Really hope it doesn't happen this year~~
Jess (whoozica): oh no! thats so shity 😦
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Preemptively prank yourself by wrapping your car in Saran Wrap
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~It's cause it was near 2 shitty towns of my area lol~~ And  lmao I'll do it just to be safe XD
Jess (whoozica): did it wreck your paint?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thankfully no, just was really messy. My dad wasn't happen though it happened and that he had to clean it up. I also am not sure how I missed it happening cause I was outside in the driveway near it most of the night handing out candy. And it never happened in years past XD
Jess (whoozica): must have ust been at the perfect time you didnt see them, damn. do you have a tarp you could throw over your car this year just incase?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Must have. Probs happened after I went inside. And lol thankfully I don't have to worry about it happening again since won't be in that neighborhood anymore ~~Was at my exes~~ Hopefully people aren't as shitty at Jamie and Jason's neighborhood though XD
Jess (whoozica): yea, hopefully not, ive never seen a car get egged most kids around here do tping
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Better than getting egged. Wayyy easier to clean up XD
Jess (whoozica): eggs can like wresk your car paint pretty bad  so yea id rather clean up tp
Erik (slendergiant): Oh I was talking with friends about car pranks and if you really want to fuck with someone, pour glitter in their air system (from the outside) so when they turn their air on, the inside of the car gets coated in glitter
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's what my dad said when mine got egged last year. He was like ah shit I hope it doesn't fuck up your paint.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And LMFAO... Why am I so tempted to do that to someone
Jess (whoozica): i could never do that XD id feel so bad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I would feel bad only cause if I did it I am sure they'd make me clean it up XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That could probably damage the car.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Totally not gonna ask my brother  (a mechanic) about this on Sunday now, cause lmfao it'd be so funny to do to someone who annoys you~~
Erik (slendergiant): It spurred from this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55OWf0yyVRs
Jess (whoozica): ooo i remember that!
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oo yeah I saw that video too!
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Did i hear pumpkin chunkin
ZombieHunter: ~~i want more photos help i have an A D D I C T I O N~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): yes
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Yes you did
Erik (slendergiant): Let me run down to my college and I'll commandeer some of the pumpkin chunkin catapults from the engineering school
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): ERIK PLS
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ll drive the get a way car
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): You know who you are
Erik (slendergiant): Sounds like a <@288513265661902858>
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): #accurate
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I did this at Target
Erik (slendergiant): Good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Me, looking up why everyone i know is a pisces.
Google:
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thanks
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yup. That's *exactly* why I am a pisces lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im DEAD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Because Friday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i cant fucking stop laughing. "9 months before march. Oh yes, FRIDAY"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also yo I know like no other Pisces aside from like 1 other person XD Most everyone I know is a Virgo or Leo XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i feel like a lot of people i know are pisces or leo
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): It’s ok, most of my close friends are either a Leo, Aquarius or a Virgo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Okay that's a lie I probs know a good bit of Pisces just can't think of any others lol~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Certain signs are attached to other signs
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^ <:valid:420824413592748032>
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): ~~two of my best friends and my dog have the same birthday as me~~ 😂😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I feel like my closest friends are scattered all over the board when it comes to signs XD
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): What’s your sign?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pisces XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🐟
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Water signs are often attracted to a multitude of ppl because they ~~emotional~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmfao and I am deff an *emotional* person
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Astrology and that stuff has always been neat to me. It's always neat to see what signs match, what qualities each has and more lol
Jess (whoozica): astrology says tom and i are a "doomed to fail'  and "not compatible" so rip us
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I remember you saying that at CCE 😂  Oof...
ZombieHunter: <— Virgo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Apparently my sign says I am most compatible with Virgo and Taurus. I have no clue what I am *not* compatible with and for some odd reason I reaaallly wanna know XDD
ZombieHunter: I make WAY too many Scorpio friends than is healthy
ZombieHunter: As both me, Hunter. But also as a Tavros cosplayer
Jess (whoozica): rebecca this site says "Gemini won't mean to, but it's highly likely that they'll hurt Pisces feelings." so if i ever hurt your feeling, i am v. sowwy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Guess this is why me and the one gemini I dated years ago didnt work out lmfao~~
And awww nuuuu ❤ Never have and never will, you the sweetest
Jess (whoozica): YAAAY ❤ it also says geminis are not sensitive but i's sensitive AF so 🤷
Jess (whoozica): ~~the yay was for your second statement~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol what site is this you're looking at by the way? 😮
Jess (whoozica): https://www.yourtango.com/2018312107/horoscope-gemini-compatibility-guide-which-zodiac-signs-most-least-compatible-with-geminis-based-astrology
Jess (whoozica): lol it was just the first result on the giz--oogle
Erik (slendergiant): Well shit, if that ain't me
Jess (whoozica): Gemini and Virgo:

"How much arguing is foreplay? Because there two signs argue a lot. It's not all negative — a good difference of opinion and a fiery discussion can get the juices flowing, " <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Now I need figure out what mine are lol~~ And <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Jess (whoozica): <@!351785752197201920>  ~~according to this site all we do if fight and fuck~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Angry sex <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Jess (whoozica): i find astrology entertaining? but i dont put much stock in it personally
Erik (slendergiant): Same
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): So your astrology chart is actually split into 12 different signs, your sun sign is your main one (this is the one everyone knows and usually corresponds with your personality the most) but their are actually 3 major signs that represent your personality. Your sun, moon and rising sign. So if you don’t feel your sun sign is very compatible it’s probably because you have a strong pull towards your moon or ascendant.
Jess (whoozica): im a double gemini with libra rising
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~no clue what I am XD~~
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Your sun, moon and ascendant are basically your ID, ego and super ego
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): And Jess OOF BABY
Jess (whoozica): i dont really now what it means but yea i looked it up a few months ago
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): <@!169297844874903552> google how to do your star chart. All you need to know is the town you were born in, the date and time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if you wanna do it if youre bored:
https://cafeastrology.com/
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Basically your sun sign is how other ppl see you
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Your ascendent is your “true” self
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): And your moon is the part of yourself you don’t show anyone
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i did the star chart a few weeks ago and it basically ripped me a new asshole with how accurate it was
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I know a lot of people who don't believe in astrology. I am so so on it but it's funny how when I look things up about me how damn accurate it is in so many things. And I do think there is a thing with signs matching, etc. It's super neato :o
My mom also has a book on astrology for like each day of the year and how a person is being born on that day. So far everyone I looked up seems to fit pretty damn well into what it says lol
Jess (whoozica): so on the outside im: Indecisive 
on the inside: Indecisive
and secretly im indecisive
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omfg
Erik (slendergiant): Sun: Virgo 
Moon: Libra
Rising: Virgo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Sun: Leo
Moon: Gemini
Rising: Scorpio

I'm out here being cerberus, damn
Jess (whoozica): ~~Im just full or air~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Imma have to look up mine once done with this group meeting lol, rip. I wanna do it now though oof~~
Jess (whoozica): LOL i love reading the pros and bging like "yea wow im great!" and then reading the negatives
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am assuming not good?
Jess (whoozica): ya XD lmao but i dont realy relate cuz its like "youll throw away like as soon as you get it" and "you are unreliable and selfish" like biiiittchhh
Jess (whoozica): also that im illogical but dat one tru rip
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmfao yeaaa from what I know about you doesn't seem to sound like you.
Jess (whoozica): wow TANK
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You're deff not selfish or unreliable lol
Jess (whoozica): YAAAY i fight da sign 🤜
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <@!327835140216586242>
Erik (slendergiant): That's exactly what happened
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Omg the indecisive xD
Erik (slendergiant): Or he pulled a Mark Ruffalo and accidentally live streams
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): HAH!!! Yup that’s it
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): KAMINARI 100% live-streams/posts about every fucking thing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): his twitter is like: 
"bakugo smiled today at 3:14pm"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shigaraki is reading it and has a fake account that just comments "Ok but where did he smile?"
Erik (slendergiant): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): TAKE IT BACK ERIK
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM FUCKING LOSING MY MINd
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Erik (slendergiant): I'm just happy I found two transparent images of his face at different angles that worked for the meme 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): HOW DARE
Erik (slendergiant): Alternate username: VillainDaddy69
Erik (slendergiant): Wait, no...
Erik (slendergiant): *Shigar*Daddy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SDFJAKFJSDAFKLSAD:FJS
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THATS IT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THATS THE ONE
Erik (slendergiant): I'M REALLY PROUD OF THAT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ITS SO GOOD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): STOP I SEE YOU CALLING ME OUT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Erik (slendergiant): I'M WHEEZING
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i didnt se the hand and i thought they just shoved a brick in shigarakis mouth and got rid of his eyes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Im@trying not to die laughing at work
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Look
I loves me some Shiggy memes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): MOOD
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I laughed so hard when I read it 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): Because like WHAT A MOOD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Me everyday pretty much
Jess (whoozica): That's a big ass mood
Erik (slendergiant): Potter squad, where y'all at
https://www.buzzfeed.com/andyneuenschwander/18-hilarious-posts-thatll-make-you-see-harry-pott?utm_source=dynamic&utm_campaign=bffbbuzzfeed&ref=bffbbuzzfeed
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): LOL 😂😂
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): So i just caught up
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): And how dare you @ me so hard as the uncle
Mark (Mad Doctor): The Latin one cracked me up. The Latin classes at my school are virtual HP fan clubs bc kids think they will learn how to cast spells
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Also im libra sun and moon and i think cap rising?
Erik (slendergiant): I liked the Hogwarts cats one too
Erik (slendergiant): <@334090409389195266>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): NOOOOOOOOOOOO 😱
Mark (Mad Doctor): Hey, now...
