Erik (Red Riot Thot): *WHY IS THIS SO FUNNY*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Marisa (Weeb): <@!169297844874903552> I'm pretty sure I found your doppelganger
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): is it just me or does she look like you
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao I can slightly see it in the profile view?? But then again I am so bad at telling if people look similar to me or not 😂 ~~Aso wish I was as damn beautiful as this girl though like woo she gorg~~
Marisa (Weeb): i only know you through cosplay you post but in my head you guys are IDENTICAL i was like WOAH IS THAT REBECCA and then I was like no?? ? but also I'm horrible at recognizing people
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂 a mood. Maybe one of the others in here will see if they agree? Lol 
What's her cosplay handle? 😮
Marisa (Weeb): i'll have to follow this girl so if I see her a con I don't stroll over and be like "hey gurl wazzup" all casually, mistaking you for each other.
someone else pls give opinion on similarity maybe i'm just insane
Marisa (Weeb): https://www.facebook.com/AnimeLayerCosplay/
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂 omg and thank~
Marisa (Weeb): my high school had a pair of fraternal twins and before i met them both i only knew the one, and in the morning he had long hair but that afternoon i saw the brother with short hair and i went up like "dude why did you cut your hair? when did you even do that? homeroom?" and he was like "??? ??"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Christmas at the Xiao Long residence
Mark (Mad Doctor): Pyrrha's is Remnant Jesus. Change my mind
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao re-creating this tree and taking Xiao Long Branwen family photos when?
Matt (mattmyers25): And then qrow c9mes flying in and crashes into ut
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Qrow will obvs be drunk and knock of the tree
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): alright so when are we going on a group trip to see detective pikachu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg yes please XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): i just need ryan reynolds as pikachu
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Agreed lol
