Evie (Katheryne Knight): Eveiveneg, the Tired, Hoarder of Guacamole and Game System Controllers
Georgia (Something Sensible): Aigroeg the hungry, hoarder of Dairy Queen and toilets
Mark (Mad Doctor): Kram the Entertained, hoarder of Doritos and Players Handbooks
Marisa (Weeb): Asiram the cold, hoarder of muffins and cameras.
~~can i change cameras to manga instead~~
Jamie (Jamie): Eimaj the sleepy, haorder of ham and cheese wraps and remotes
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@!169297844874903552>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Raven with literally anyone xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just yeets the fuck away
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Erik (slendergiant): Speaking of which, we should get a group to go to the Ren Faire sometime this summer
Matt (mattmyers25): I second this
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Definitely though I don’t have an outfit x.x
Erik (slendergiant): RWBYs invade the Ren Faire?
Erik (slendergiant): FANTASY AU RWBYS
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’ll probably just see if I can throw together a wench or try and cosplay my D&D character
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Oh yeah me and Jess are def going at some point
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Ny* one that is idk how many there are
Evie (Katheryne Knight): If I cosplay Wynira tho someone’s gonna have to help me paint my skin dark blue
Mark (Mad Doctor): I haven't been since I started cosplaying. Would Arthur or The Hound be more fun?
Erik (slendergiant): Arthur definitely
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Arthur
Erik (slendergiant): I had friends who went as the monks, boards included, and they went around doing the chant and they were personally asked by the queen to join her parade 😂
Mark (Mad Doctor): Brilliant! Worth a concussion!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YES
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They found da queen?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): oWo Ren Faire?? Hell yesss sign me up! I love it there and got several friends who works there :3
Jamie (Jamie): Im super up for ren faire craziness oh shit what if I by some magic made linkle in time for ren faire crazy days
Evie (Katheryne Knight): omg do it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): LoZ fits the ren faire theme
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I'd defintely do OoT Zelda if I had the money and time to pull it off.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I've seen Fate cosplayers roll into the ren faire.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Peeps do it.
Jamie (Jamie): I went witg rebecca last year it was i think??? As seven deadly sins Diane and meliodas and the king held my giant hammer
Jamie (Jamie): In fact he kinda excitedly stepped out of the parade to chess so he could ask to hold it lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That's amazing.
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): 
snow ( crescentbladed ): What happens if I didn’t leave cookies out for cap
Jamie (Jamie): He takes your flags away
snow ( crescentbladed ): _even the gay ones?!_
Mark (Mad Doctor): Of course. It's Cap, right?
snow ( crescentbladed ): Nooooooo!
Matt (mattmyers25): Hail hydra
snow ( crescentbladed ): me, on this fine Independence Day: hail hydra
Mark (Mad Doctor): Worry not, For on July 5, all pride flags are returned by Loki and Thor
snow ( crescentbladed ): I’d like to see loki give my pride flag back
