you want fucking rwby chibi?: 
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Big meaty claws girl
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m everyones favorite speedy goody two shoes
you want fucking rwby chibi?: iida is a good boy
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Midnight lol
Jess (whoozica): All might 💪
Jamie (Jamie): Gran Torino 👌
Halim (Greg) (jake): fuck my life
Halim (Greg) (jake): Also clearly
Halim (Greg) (jake): whoever made that post doesn't like libras
Halim (Greg) (jake): CAUSE THEY PUT MINETA
WHEN KIRISHIMA IS A LIBRA
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RIP
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s the VRV logo in the top left right
Georgia (Something Sensible): _VRV doesn’t like libras?_
Halim (Greg) (jake): I'm doubt VRV actually made that
Halim (Greg) (jake): cause when corporations do it they focus on putting the most popular characters to get the most people excited about it
Georgia (Something Sensible): Or they’re tryna find the libras in the comment section 😂
Halim (Greg) (jake): I am honestly really hurt
Halim (Greg) (jake): like
Halim (Greg) (jake): tetsu tetsu, kirishima, Best jEANIST
Halim (Greg) (jake): so many better names
Jamie (Jamie): Can anyone explain why tf pewdiepie is such a big fucking deal anymore like last I knew anything he was a joke and constantly neck deep in controversy? When did that change?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm not sure what's going on but the past few days I've seen like so much talk about him going around and people saying to subscribe to him?? Even Markiplier had something uploaded the other day saying so ~~I didnt get a chance to watch it yet to see why~~
Tom (tomukuncosplay): ah crunchy roll girl is a virgo nicu
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): all my youtubers are saying that too lol I am confusion
Marisa (Weeb): Oh pewdiepie is racist. He’s used the N word a few times and paid people to write an anti semitic sign for laughs. That was a while ago though.
Marisa (Weeb): People are trying to get him more subs to keep him the #1 YouTube channel since there’s another channel rapidly gaining subscribers that might surpass him
Marisa (Weeb): Mark and Sean are friends with pewds
Marisa (Weeb): People are also giving mark and Sean grief for their new ultra expensive and rather bland gamer clothing though
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): T series did have more subscribers than pewds at least for a while, I don't know about now
Marisa (Weeb): yeah that's the one! the indian music channel right?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://youtu.be/V2Afni3S-ok
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh okay 😮 I knew he wasn't a great person so doesn't surprise me he did those things a while back... 
~~let someone surpass him in subscribers~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): T Series is still 400,000 behind
Jamie (Jamie): Lol im just amused its Indian music taking over the top spot. I mean they prolly dont care about the number one over a gamer anyway? Lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): True lol. Also kind surprised that is the channel taking over 😮 didn't know Indian music was that popular lol
Jamie (Jamie): Honestly im gonna listen to the videos at lunch cause if its bollywood style i would totally believe it cause Bollywood music is just great
Marisa (Weeb): there's a lot of controversy around the whole thing. some people find t-series shady because a lot of the videos have really low view counts for the number of subscribers they have and people are saying that people who make a youtube account in the middle east get auto-subscribed to them, but that's not the case.
people are also being racist towards them and going "support pewdiepie to be a true american" but like. pewds is swedish you racist morons.
Marisa (Weeb): number one youtuber is very important and also makes a ton of cash which is why it's a big deal
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm watching this live count and the song playing keeps saying "bitch lasagna"
Jamie (Jamie): Like i get that number one is surely a big deal and all cause money but would be nice if it wasnt someone who did crude and stupid humor for views too. And i can see where people might make a theory like that specially considering it is a rabdom music channel for the most part
Jess (whoozica): "pewds is swedish you racist morons." quote of the day
Marisa (Weeb): Primitive Technology should be #!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): This is turning out to be such a bizarre week for the internet between this and tumblr
Marisa (Weeb): i don't think much is gonna happen to tumblr. maybe a few less users.
i was reading a good point that they're probably gonna sell it soon just like flickr and are cleaning it up to make it look more appealing
Jess (whoozica): theyve already sold it 3? times
Marisa (Weeb): people tried to abandon ship when yahoo bought it and all the "websites to migrate to" posts from then are going around again hehe. they're the exact same posts.
Jamie (Jamie): Im gonna blame retrograde or whatever is happening lol
Jess (whoozica): yahoo bought tumblr and then verizon bought yahoo and then verizon placed them both under the subsidiary "oath"
Jess (whoozica): then the founder left around this time last year, the apple app store removed it from listings because of adult content, but apparetly theyv been looking to "clean up" for awhile, but this is pushing them to do it too fast and not take the time to do it right
Jess (whoozica): *old person voice* "back in my day tumblr wasnt on any app store"
Marisa (Weeb): tumblr only still works thanks to the xkit extension
Marisa (Weeb): it'd be awful without it
Jess (whoozica): yea its a mess
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): 😏
you want fucking rwby chibi?: 
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): 
Marisa (Weeb): [sees the rip emoji]
ah, someone who needs to read homestuck <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Weeb): the glory days
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Marisa (Weeb): read and find out
https://www.homestuck.com/
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): I will always be amused at its status as Ulysses of the internet tho
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Marisa (Weeb): "middle school"
Marisa (Weeb): bold of you to assume this hasn't died out yet
Marisa (Weeb): in the last month i've naruto run up a mountain and hare hare yukai'd on top of a skyscraper
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): true goals.
Jess (whoozica): wow i can't believe todoroki drives for uber
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
