Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh same
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Frick yes
Jess (whoozica): I legit just got this ad
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Watch gang
Marisa (Mawisa): level 100 mafia boss
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol da fuq
Jess (whoozica): ah yes, Ye Olde Weezing Men
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omfg
Georgia (Something Sensible): Is that question me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Medieval Rock... 🤔
Georgia (Something Sensible): Let’s start a medieval rock band
Georgia (Something Sensible): We wear knight outfits and pretend to die of plague on stage
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg XD
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Goes to battle to get a sample, "This doth be good, our next album shalleth be dope
Georgia (Something Sensible): Who’s gonna be the quintessential bagpipes player
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "ooo weee oo i look just like Will the Conquerer
oh oh and you're Matild of Flanders"
Jess (whoozica): LEANNA I I WAS LITERALLY JUST TYPING THAT
Georgia (Something Sensible): LMAO
Jess (whoozica): sept i chose marco polo instead
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO THATS A GOOD ONE TOO
Georgia (Something Sensible): King Arthur also a good choice
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GOOD SHIT WE HAVE HERE
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we can start our own medieval band
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "WHATS WITH THESE PEASANT DISSIN' MY WENCH"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): "MEDIEVAL TIMES, THAT'S WHERE I WANT TO BE! LIVIN' IN MEDIEVAL TIMES"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh wait that ones just me
Anna (Cadmium): can we have a song called praise the sun
Anna (Cadmium): ill get my chainmail
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YES
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): guys we're starting a medieval weezer coverband
Anna (Cadmium): thats a brand new sentence
Erik (Red Riot Thot): "IF YOU WANT TO DESTROY MY ARMOR..."
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fjfhsdaklashf;as
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Or wait...
Erik (Red Riot Thot): "IF YOU WANT TO DESTROY MY CHAINMAIL, SNAP THIS LINK AS I WALK AWAY"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM SCREAMING
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): THATS THE BEST ONE YEt
Anna (Cadmium): when thou art on the golden sea
Thou needst no r'memberance
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OMFg
Anna (Cadmium): "say it be not true, thy meade be heartache"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "Mine own nameth is jonas
i'm carrying the wheel
grant you mercy f'r all thee've shown us
but this is how we feeleth
cometh sitteth next to me"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): This reminds me of the Shakespeare Star Wars saga lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh my god
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im here for this and ive still never seen a star war
Jess (whoozica): "You posses your G's a great size
I've got my opium-pipe"
Anna (Cadmium): <@!334090409389195266> wait YOU HAVENT EITHER? WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN MY WHOLE NERD CAREER
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IVE BEEN WATCHING EVERYTHING EXCEPT STAR WAR
Jess (whoozica): o me neither
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I need to have everyone who hasn't seen Star Wars over for a marathon day XD~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YAS evade space escapade gang
Jess (whoozica): neither has <@!351785752197201920>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (Cadmium): do i dare mention what else i havent seen
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Do it~~
Anna (Cadmium): LOTR or the Hobbit
Anna (Cadmium): seen neither
Anna (Cadmium): of those series
Anna (Cadmium): actually its worse cause i saw only the third lotr cause i got dragged to the theater
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's fair. I've only seen them cause a friend years ago showed me. I haven't seen all of the Hobbits though lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~ive never seen LOTR...and i own them all ~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): This folk/punk band from NY college days always reminded me a little of Weezer
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rT6lOhVa8LM
Anna (Cadmium): ok thats impressive
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They're super long soo XD When I watched them we had to break each movie up into separate days lol
Jess (whoozica): I have one seen 2 harry potters
Anna (Cadmium): team "somehow missed all intro movies into nerd culture" unite!
Anna (Cadmium): at this point its not worth seeing <@!351471675843411978>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ books are better anyway if you want to actually get into harry potter but ....idk the hype is mostly passed
Jess (whoozica): which is getting weird now cuz toms mom seems to think i love harry potter all of a sudden and im afraid thats gonna be all my christmas gifts for years to come
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omfg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): To be fair though, most people have seen Harry Potter... I've only seen 2 of them. Half of the third D:
Been meaning to finally watch them but keep forgetting T_T I enjoy what I've seen just was banned form them growing up sooo kinda out of that nerd loop lol
Jess (whoozica): she got me a hedwig plushie? and like thats fine cuz i like owls but i hope this isnt a new trend
Anna (Cadmium): i feel that HP is where a lot of ppl stop in their nerd venture and dont ever continue on to other nerd series.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what made her think you like harry potter?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): XD
Jess (whoozica): i have NO idea
Anna (Cadmium): lol maybe shes just like. This one likes nerd shit HP is a safe bet
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im fucking laughing so hard
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "she does that cosplay thing right? isnt that harry potter?"
Jess (whoozica): yea thats the only thing i can think?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I like Harry Potter stuff but don't know enough as most fans do. Most I learned from watching the few movies I have (and some bits of others on tv) or friends XD.... I guess im a fraud when it comes to that fandom XD Some day I wil get aroudn to actually watching them. Just need to find the time D:
Jess (whoozica): maybe she saw me comment on my friiends post from when she went to the harry potter museum in england but i even prefaced the comment with "im not even into HP but..."
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *"If thou doth wish to destroy my chainmail
Rupture this link as I depart thy presence
Gaze as I breaketh, I shall soon be unclothed
Lying upon the earth
I hath become undone"*
Anna (Cadmium): to be fair. with the way JK rowling is goign mabye its worth never finishing the series lmao.
Anna (Cadmium): are we all just frauds
Anna (Cadmium): i also only saw Alien: Covenant
Jess (whoozica): i havent seen any of them!
Anna (Cadmium): ~~and none of the others~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The Wizarding World franchise is heading into a steep decline and it makes me sad
Anna (Cadmium): i didnt even want to see it, it was just like $5 tuesday movies
Anna (Cadmium): they squeezed it for too much money its going downhill <@!386874959009415170>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): jk rowling is .....doing some weird shit too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): There's a lot of nerdy stuff I wanted to get into growing up but my mom was kinda anal about things being "evil" and shit. So wasn't allowed. I had to sneak my way around into reading or watching them XD (She gets it from her mother. Still is a bit that way but better now, plus I'm an adult sooo)
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The last Fantastic Beasts movie was full of plot holes and continuity errors
Erik (Red Riot Thot): All fan service
Anna (Cadmium): its like. no longer beating a dead horse its more like archaeologists are uncovering the remains of a severely abused equine.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *Did  you read the Pottermore tweet about how wizards used to go to the bathroom before they decided to use muggle plumbing?*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what the fuck
Anna (Cadmium): "we shit on the floor like bears"
Anna (Cadmium): um. no honey
Jess (whoozica): I was pretty sheltered as a kid i guess youd say? not intentionally by my parents i just wasnt exposed to much cuz we never really went anywhere and i only had like 2 friends
Erik (Red Riot Thot): For those that didn't, basically they just pissed and shat themselves and magicked the mess away
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao what?! That's so gross XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thank Gof for muggle plumbing
Mark (Mad Doctor): So, last night, Audrey and I went to see "Beautiful: The Carole King Story." It's set in the world of pop music production in the 50s and 60s, but at one point, a character clearly said "Hewwo?" Audrey lost her shit
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 50/60's weeb!
Anna (Cadmium): to be fair i would also lose my shit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ same
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so... on the topic of star wars
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i have never seen any of them BUT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ive seen space balls like 80 times
Anna (Cadmium): ive only seen half of space balls cause my internet cut out
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): OH ye we were talking about that.
Jess (whoozica): yea ive seen space balls but not star wars lol
Jess (whoozica): i saw it in school?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omfg xD really?
Mark (Mad Doctor): When you know the parody better than the original.
I feel like Shrek does that with fairy tales
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I keep meaning to see Space Balls. I'm surprised I haven't. I was supposed to at one point but never got around to it..? 🤷
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shrek is incredible though
Jess (whoozica): yea i cant remember what class we watched it in one of the students brought it in and the teacher was like "sure w/e"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): thats incredible
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Those teachers are the best XD
Jess (whoozica): you know it was prob my music teacher in middle school
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was literally just thinking about how my music teacher in middle school played the sound of music
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and how thats the only thing i remember from that class
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): literally nothing else
Jess (whoozica): mine was like an ex hippie and taught us all 60s and 70s music
Jess (whoozica): he was coo
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): MR.STEINES!
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Or however you spell his name
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Jess (whoozica): he was so chill XD
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): He was the best! xD
Jess (whoozica): he was like "screw sound of music, we watching jimmy hendrix"
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): Or AcDc
Kurtis (Beardedelf94): I can still hear him saying like c'mon guys
Jess (whoozica): omg yea
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.facebook.com/hufflepufftheloyal/posts/512305325924982?__xts__%5B0%5D=68.ARC8mAaVCY4YivJiqZKLeIfVRRxBg89mELpSxAM0BewIUtrfS7evD7Wp7tvypiRXd2ZO7fEET3bia6s8Yi0VAi-03UcSBFEntS0YwCQSfdzmHJ_f0qyAzqApPtMTwTt2I8TWEBL0buUqKBkM38p8YK2LGVqexXD-vW47qbgSZjYDi0cxPqBD3ZRNTAGAM5nzQ2SYFOSFQ9B0q9lluQsJcsMU7j1KHY2fDfzXUJjZ_ahuzNKpxJA_mA8otbvmHBy35Ks59z6TzLH7eGbiwbsGbyNGEwHf1jmGABE5zWG6lf06A-A-KbV0IraLl_CMnyZDc9Unpguld2SvrBKAHNibe3N393IPpO2qSjQVakcBtqdPHvh3lZsYoQ&__tn__=C-R relevant.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm glad that clarified the "43 followers"!!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Great react.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): also mood.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): "Hiimdaisy (pronounced "Hi, I'm Daisy!")"

*How did I never realize that*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~so this is how they stay in business~~
