Travis (frozen waffle cosplay): 
Anna [cadmiumcosplay /qrowbars]: 
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): Tonight on "failed to match outfit to character" i present micostumes
Jamie (Jamie): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeeee idk what's been up with Micc lately... they haven't been that great and I'm V disappointed cause they're my go to..
Travis (frozen waffle cosplay): <:rip:378273525804433408>
Tom (tomukuncosplay): bruh
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah Mic and EZ have been disappointing recently
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I've been using cosplay Bhiner for a lot of things
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I haven’t had issues with ez, it’s where I’ve gotten everything I have.
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): omg my favorite cosplay website is back with a new revamped site
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): how i missed them
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): they've got a full zootopia costume for $5 hhh
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): http://mitubado.com/product_list.php
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): they've got a disneyland uniform on there for $12 isn't that, like, illegal
although disneyland cosplays are very common in japan so maybe not. i knew a guy who cosplayed a disney janitor and he always had this huge trash can that he brought to every convention, he wouldn't tell us the secret of how he transported it around
Jamie (Jamie): <@!301927856240459777> question will it let me use paypal to pay on that site? i notice its all in yen and wondering if it will have problems of translation or not
Jamie (Jamie): also if i am missing a place to have it show dollars  or shall i run to translator for money
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): ooo, yeah you can use paypal! i've also used my debit card before and it works fine, the bank automatically converts it. i'm not sure if they ship outside of Japan though directly, you might need to use a proxy shipping service (I've used FromJapan before with good results) so they can send it to the place inside Japan who then ships it to you. It'll make shipping a little costlier, but before they'd offer free domestic shipping on orders 5,000 yen and above
Jamie (Jamie): hmm i will have to look into this more because i saw a really nice dress coat for 35$ and others as well though i sense even the xl's that are showing occationally will have issue with my US L size needs xD
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): yee sizing gets iffy, also if there's something you really like be sure to translate it or ask about it because most of their stuff is secondhand. it'll sometimes say "stain on ___ piece" or "___ part missing" or "small tear" but i've never had an issue. the stains are like, barely noticeable if they're even visible at all and the tears are super quick fixes that you can't even see from outside. if the costume is too damaged in any way they won't sell it, but sometimes entire costume sets will be missing a piece and they'll write that in the description
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): i've bought smalls and mediums and larges, sometimes the smalls fit and sometimes they dont. sometimes the large fits and sometimes it's too big. it's a bit inconsistent
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): but it's sooo cheap 🙏
Jamie (Jamie): yea i've been translating the pages to read and picked up on the second hand notes and such lol. its didnt quell my excitment becuase thrifting of cosplay is yes
Jamie (Jamie): 
Mark (Mad Doctor): Well played
Jamie (Jamie): i just read a thing that said "& two small children" as *two small adults*
Matt (lastbetatestercosplay): 
Matt (lastbetatestercosplay): 
Matt (lastbetatestercosplay): <@386874959009415170>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ im... horrified
Mark (Mad Doctor): Is she winking or wincing in pain and embarrassment?
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): yes
Jamie (Jamie): white rose ship child's dress or just white rose ship as a dress
Jamie (Jamie): https://www.rosegal.com/vintage-dresses/floral-strapless-high-low-party-dress-1929275.html
Evie (Katheryne Knight): O W O
Jamie (Jamie): https://www.rosegal.com/kitchen-tools/creative-whisky-glass-wine-cup-with-cigar-holder-2273801.html
