Jamie (Jamie): https://youtu.be/L87HuKmGwVQ
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Good
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Only two people can wear platform Crocs. Safiya Nygaard and that girl who did mineta with yellow ones
Erik (Red Riot Thot): If they had my size I damn well would have gotten them
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The Dollskill ones at least
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Because those are actually affordable
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Yea Balenciaga is not worth it for a joke
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Jess (whoozica): Lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): My mom has been used to me making weird ass costumes for 8 years now... and still gives me weird looks  when I try something half to fully on XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like I did Sun and she was like "a monkey tail??"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Marisa (Mawisa): If someone asks where their hug is be like “idk did you check your moms basement”
Jamie (Jamie): oh goodness that one of showing finished cosplay to parents. when I lived with my dad and I was making my first cosplay (mitsuki koyama) and tried it on for full looks i remember my dad love him but and he said something along the lines that i looked like a clown <:rip:378273525804433408>
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i got that too but uh. i  got "You look like you're twelve"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof D:
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I remember when I did Suicide Squad Harley my mom gave me the weirdest look cause with the booty shorts, heels, messed up makeup and fishnets she was like ummm XD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): to be fair i was dressed with weiss' wig and lots of blush so i did look like a kid
but.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): heckin mood
Jamie (Jamie): i'm just waiting til I do some ridiculous exposed cosplay and how my mum and fam reacts cause my aunt once commented on a photo years back when i was like 17 on my mums fb that i had too much cleavage showing. and honestly it was like not cleaveage just tiny line exposed lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oohh wow. If only she knew how much cleavage you expose half the time XD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): we'll comment "not enough boob pls fix"
Jamie (Jamie): lmao yea i know at this point my life goal is too see how much cleavage i can get away with on the daily
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao oh god
Jess (whoozica): my mom just goes "wow thats amazing!" and my dad thing 2B is "a little revealing huh?"
Jess (whoozica): my mom gets hype over every cosplay i do its pretty adorable
Jamie (Jamie): my mum doesnt hype but when she tells people about my costumes and sewing she honestly makes me want to hide cause she makes it sound so much better than i feel they are honestly
Jess (whoozica): like i didnt start cosplaying till i moved out cuz i thought they would think its weird but they dont at all and i wasted years of cosplay potential
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~mood~~
Jamie (Jamie): well i guess she does take photos every chance she gets when she sees me in costume lol
Jess (whoozica): proud momma
Anna (Blonde Banshee): my mom is actually just mad i wasted all those years i could have been sewing, not sewing~~
Jamie (Jamie): truth lol 😂
Anna (Blonde Banshee): shes like i got you a machine seven years ago and you never used it
Georgia (Something Sensible): My mom thinks Pyrrha shows a lot of skin and then I show her Jessica nigiri and she’s like .... ok
Anna (Blonde Banshee): and now she's like i gotta find u another machine cause you finally get into this??
Anna (Blonde Banshee): She's just like. well. better late than never.
Jamie (Jamie): lmao yea any parent complains too much skin show her the queen of exposed cosplays
Anna (Blonde Banshee): *meanwhile im mad i wasted all these years where i had a beautifully stocked workshop at home and now i dont*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): my mother literally complaine dabout swimsuits.... at CCE
Jess (whoozica): me and tom did low key boudoir at zenkai and tom was like "we should show your mom these, shell think they're adorable XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shes one of  *those*
Jamie (Jamie): fun is if i make a certain cosplay for her my mum said she would go to cons with me at least once but needs her costume
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ................
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omgg XD
Anna (Blonde Banshee): what are you going to do wear a burka at the kalahari???
Jess (whoozica): yea leanna how dare
Jess (whoozica): was this the first year? cuz like your suit covered most of you really well wtf
Anna (Blonde Banshee): HOW DARE YOU HAVE SKIN
Jess (whoozica): ~~i think mostly my moms just happy im finally comfortable in my own skin~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): she commented on the biki for kokoro
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): as too much skin showing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and i was like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .....its LITERALLY a bikini
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm I think that's how my mom is too. Like I did Yoko Littner in high school (kinda revealing for that age) but she was cool with it cause I felt confident lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like not a micro bikini or anything
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): just a regular ass bikini
Jess (whoozica): just be like "sorry im hot mom, i cant help it"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Mark (Mad Doctor): New CCE cosplan: full burkha or non-naughty nuns habit with a sign reading "Uptight Parent Approved"
Anna (Blonde Banshee): my mom doesnt even judge skin shes just like. THAT'S THE OUTFIT???
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Nah in an effort to not touch religion lets all just do noface
Anna (Blonde Banshee): but then like. fishents with noface
Jess (whoozica): leanna was your mom the one complaining on sunday at cce?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nah but she probably would have
Marisa (Mawisa): I like how “fishnets with no face” implies that no face is an accessory and that the fishnets are the main costume
Anna (Blonde Banshee): is that not how cosplay works
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Erik can wear crocs too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i wore fishnets with ozma, so yea basically the fishnets were the entire cosplay
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and ozma was just an add on
Anna (Blonde Banshee): WAIT HIGH HEEL CROCS
Marisa (Mawisa): [spends hours on a gorgeous outfit] [main feature is the $2 fishnets] <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (Blonde Banshee): please we know the whole presentation is what really matters
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they were actually 3.99
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Anna (Blonde Banshee): also like im going to hell for ironwood in fishnets
Marisa (Mawisa): dang gettin fancy
Anna (Blonde Banshee): im gonna have to do one single leggy
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOL
Anna (Blonde Banshee): or get XXXXL so it doesnt cause creases in the prosthetics
Anna (Blonde Banshee): WHICH BY THE GODDAMN WAY. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT HSI LEG LOOKS LIKE
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i just wanna do like. terrible memes
Marisa (Mawisa): Make two pairs of prosthetics. One for the fishnets and one for whatever else.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): no
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i dont thin
Anna (Blonde Banshee): you understand
Anna (Blonde Banshee): the suffering it is to get ONE
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i should just go find a cable knit shirt and cut it up and do wrecked ironwood for LICBE and Kogaracon
Anna (Blonde Banshee): but... wig
Marisa (Mawisa): Kogara!!!!!! I see u there yay
Anna (Blonde Banshee): yes it will be daytrip
Anna (Blonde Banshee): u missed convo yesterday?
Marisa (Mawisa): O was there a convo yesterday
Marisa (Mawisa): Whoops
Marisa (Mawisa): 👀
Jess (whoozica): ~~i told everyone to come to your panel~~
Jess (whoozica): actually thats not true
Marisa (Mawisa): I have a notebook with 37 pages of notes and like 2 PowerPoint slides I am unprepared right now and need to get on that
Marisa (Mawisa): Come to my panel if you’re dying of boredom there’ll probably be a test maybe
Jess (whoozica): i told them i was excited for your panel and they said they would come
Anna (Blonde Banshee): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's taking everything I have not to scream "West Virginia mountain momma" along with the song playing currently in my class 😂
Matt (mattmyers25): No
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>  rude
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Matt wont let me meme...
Jess (whoozica): http://rainystudios.tumblr.com/post/153176661034/but-not-super-allergic-dedicated-to-every
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh that's my friend Joey with his own cat
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://scontent.fagc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/54798065_10218884232719793_1851483590110478336_n.jpg?_nc_cat=1&_nc_ht=scontent.fagc1-1.fna&oh=5de9c005dd7d2e067f55818b42677577&oe=5D127397
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.vitaminwater.com/hit-refresh-for-exotic-mango-island-pic/and-20fl-oz-of-tropical-oasis/wow/wish-i-was-there/enhanced/e/the-hot-key-is-command-shift-r/electrolytes/be-sure-to-hit-refresh/but-not-too-much/you-have-to-give/the-page-a-chance-to-load
Anna (Blonde Banshee): 
