Bill: Alright folks new year, this has to get sorted.
Bill: Short version:
1. Leave work Friday to get to phili international airport around 8 to meet Mawisa off the plane. 
2. Take her and her mom for dinner? Depending on exhaustion level of Mawisa
3. I’ll get a room nearby kotoricon (rather than in phili) for anyone northern whose unwilling to drive back (understandably). 
4. ???
4.1 Go to Kotori, Mawisa has a ticket and it seems like getting one was the reason she hesitated before. Spend day, have dinner,
4.2 Go to ice skating, up by Georgia. Mawisa could ride up with us, but then she has to get back home somehow and going west via south jersey sounds like a shit time. She may not want to travel that far as well. 
5. Profit
5.1 everyone goes home...!
5.2 if Georgia still doing work shop Sunday, go up from Kotori to her place for the night and do workshop. Mawisa probably? won’t do that with us, she needs to shop for materials first and the aforementioned distance/ride/exhaustion issues.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh wanted to mention, prob should contact her mom
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): She might not react well to everyone being there  and stuff
Bill: Agreed but want a headcount first.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wait so kotori and ice skating are same day and then there is cosplay workshop thing the next day?
Bill: Same day ye. Poor timing.
Bill: Maybe workshop. Have to ask Georgia what she’s still looking to do.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ugh that's sucks
Bill: Indeed. I have little interest in ice skating this year, cause uncoordinated and *coupley events, bleh*. I know Georgia wants to keep her streak for ice skating, so it’ll be a split.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): The plan for me is to greet Marisa Friday night, skate Saturday, chill with BNE Saturday night, and Sunday is workshop day
Bill: Do you know if BNE is actually doing Ice Skating?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye sounds like it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): There was generally interest with Rebecca and Erik and Leanna and hunter
Bill: Kotori was closer so I was figuring some may go that way, but, however it may go.
Bill: Hard part is getting Marisa to you, or more particularly back.
Bill: Unless you were to do it, since you're a college student and have more time.
Bill: but Tom, Jess, leaning either way?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): uhhhh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): idk kinda overwhelming
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is room on points?
Bill: That's my intention.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): idk what tom is thinking i know he likes to skate alot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but he hasnt answered any messages since 8:30
デイブ: He ded
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yes I like to skate and would like to see.marisa but it's all v overwhelming I agree
Bill: well. It... won't be less overwhelming later. The only catch to me just doing my thing and you guys deciding later is I save money booking a single bed room down there. Which I'd like to. So maybe I'll do that, and if anyone wants to stay in the south after meeting Marisa they can grab floor/air mattress.
Bill: The hotel name is on my desktop at home, so I'll decide tonight.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I don't wanna commit to seeing Marisa til I know bojo is okay with it
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I don't wanna steal her family reunion
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): If that's what she wants
Bill: Good point. Need to find a way to contact her then.
Bill: Well, looks like everyone will be at ice skating.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im wating to hear back from marisa's mom before i make a decision
Bill: Wait, did someone message her?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no i meant through you lol
Bill: mmkay.
Bill: Sent.
Bill: Either if most of BNE is going to ice skating, I'mma want to make sure Marisa wouldn't prefer that. She wants to meet all of BNE after all.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ya tru
