Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So plan for us is to drive on our own down to Philly, stay with you, and then head home while you guys go to con, not sure about workshop day yet but we'll cross that bridge later
Bill: mmkay.
Bill: Glad I talked to Zeikani and Flora; looks like it'll just be me and Marisa from the group here.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Sorry for mass confusion we are stressy
Bill: Tis okay.
Bill: <@!245270932602486784> what are you doing friday night? going back home?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeee
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): <@!351471675843411978> are you stopping off at any point so I can gives you the fabric and I can try the Nora dress?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): uhhh im not sure with the snow but we can exchange them when we all meet up at that strip mall before heading over to the airport?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i wont need the dress fo awhile so you can just give it back to me whenever
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Okie thank ❤️
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Wait so we’re meeting at a strip mall?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so that we only have to take one car into the airport
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So strip mall, then airport, then strip mall, so you guys go to the hotel and I go home
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): What time do we have to be at the mall and where is it?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this is the mall: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Penrose+Plaza+Shopping+Center/@39.8970216,-75.2514936,15.45z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x89c6c470c5168041:0x663bf9861c5ba518!8m2!3d39.9013827!4d-75.2408338
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): anndd idk what time we should be there basically for us its whenever we get there cuz i can leave work till 5 so ill prob leave my house at like 530
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): this is of course if her flight doesnt get delayed
Bill: Marisa's flight is scheduled to come in at 7:50.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): try to shoot for 7:30?
Bill: oof. according to google traffic estimates, from me I need to leave by 4:40 to make it there at 7:50, not including time to park and find her gate. You're going to be longer than that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea :/
Bill: That if there's no delays of course, and luggage fetching etc...
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean im going to try to leave directly after work so maybe more like 515 but its going to be close
Bill: meeting up before hand may prove to delay us too much.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~ugh this is so stessful~~
<@!351785752197201920>  opinion of you driving straight to airport?
Bill: If it's too much Jess, you don't have to go through with it. I'm not even hyped about driving into an airport. You'll see Marisa real soon too.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we both wanna do it for her, just driving to air port is stessful neither of us have ever been to one so we dont know how it works and I cant leave work early
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): even if i could it would only be a half hour. all time estimates on google say that well get there 825 😦
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): even if i leave half hour early, arrival time is 7:55
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i guess i was thinking it wouldnt take that long... unless her flight is delayed idk if its even possible
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): butt we wont know if her flight is even delayed untill its kinda too late anyway...
Bill: I'm sure something will be delayed somewhere but that's still a stressful timetable. I don't mean to discourage or anything, this is just clearly a *Grade A^2 Crazy Bill Plan* and if you don't feel confident in it you should weight that fairly.
Bill: Ye, her national flight leaves at 6, we'd already have to be on the way.
Bill: ~~if only she flew into Newark~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean tom mentioned doing this for her months ago but i kinda forgot philly had an airport and figured it would ahve been newark
Bill: oh and ye, it's definitely a longer trip than I thought.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean if we make good time we could make it but if we hot traffic we are screwed
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): And if we drive all the way down there for nothing I'mma be hella sad
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I think it's gonna rely on whether she's delayed or not
Bill: Yeah, that scenario would be miserable.
Bill: I don't think we can rely on the international flight having a delay to confirm that she'll be delayed in phili either.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Also if we skip 287 during rush hour it's at least a lil faster
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but her second flight doesnt leave till 6:00
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so we wont even know if its delayed till its too late kinda sorta depending on delay
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *cries in Japanese*
Bill: Like I'm going to be down there anyway for Kotori; I'm not really losing out if things go sour at the airport. If you miss her it'll be 5 hours of driving for a hope and prayer.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea exactly....
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): MAWISA Y U NO FLY TO NEWARK ~~cuz obvi that makes no sense for her but still~~
Bill: she flew out of Newark to get there.
Bill: Totally viable.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭  maybe thats why i thought it would be newark
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Does that mean we’re reworking the plan?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): *cries more in Japanese*
Bill: This plan is going to to be very fluid. If you want a quick answer, be near the phili airport around 7:30. Everything else will depend on airport delays, traffic, and work.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Sooo be at the mall by 7?
Bill: 
Bill: The mall is a valid place by the phili airport yes.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Well if we tryna pack into one car then I wanna have a pretty exact time cause I have to leave from work too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It’s an hour and 20 mins drive for me so I’ll leave work at 5:30 then
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~that was just a tad passive aggressive billiam~~
Bill: I'm leaving the pack into one car aspect for an on the fly decision; if I hit traffic I may not make it there with enough time either. Nor would I want Georgia to be there but miss Marisa because you were waiting for us.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): You guys can’t leave early right?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): tom and i cant
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Otherwise I would say plan for her to arrive on time and maybe hit 45 mins worth of traffic
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): or more.. i cant
Bill: I'll probably leave my house before 5.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So greeting Marisa at the airport is a plan highly susceptible to failing... oof
Bill: We'll do a DM in discord so we can voice call everyone at once if there be updates.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you and bill will probably be fine
Bill: I should be able to get there in a fairly timely manner. <@!141729881779077121> isn't working so he should be first there.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So I’m confused, do I hang around the mall at 7 and wait for further instructions then?
Bill: Unless you just want to head in without us, yeah.
Bill: Both are valid.
Bill: There's a lot of moving parts, keeping an eye on the flights, I'll try and check in with Bojo if Marisa doesn't get back to us, finding parking and the gate she's coming in to...
Bill: ~~it's an adventure~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t really want to take a truck into the crowded area that is airports
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ugh the up-in-the-air nature of this plan makes me anxious
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ^^^^^
Bill: In that case you're pretty much getting there and waiting for us. QED.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): You said yourself that you might not even get there on time tho
Bill: It's going to be a trip yes. I can't do anything more to make it scheduled, air travel and work schedules are chaos and rigid respectively.
Bill: I should be leaving early. I can get away with it, s'long as nothing comes up at work (a very very slight chance).
Bill: Even if I hit crazy traffic though, better waiting for me than taking the truck into the airport right?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like I said, this plan feels bad and it’s making me anxious
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t like having these weird time windows and one thing hinging on another
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Anything could come up that ruins it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): There was a crash on the park way that made my 30 min drive 50 mins
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): If that happens tomorrow, there’s no chance we get to Marisa
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I feel like we’re half committed to the plan just because it’s changing nature
Bill: And that's just our side; Marisa's flight could be delayed through saturday for all we know. She could be stopped at customs. You name it.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah which is even worse!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I love Marisa so much; she was one of the biggest helps during that shitty September I had, and she let me confide in her a lot
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But this plan feels fucked
Bill: The way I'm looking at this is a commitment to trying, not a commitment to a plan. That's not by choice, I'd love a plan, but there is no way to predict traffic and airport delays across three airports.  For me, the stakes are low. I intend to be down there the next day anyway so shit hits the fan I snap my fingers and move on. You guys have to evaluate the cost of making the drive and things blowing up. I can't make traffic disappear or make Marisa arrive on time. All I can do is have faith that it'll work out.
Bill: No one will judge you if you can't make it there. It's already an insane plan. Marisa nor Bojo know who exactly is coming. If it's just me and Andrew, it's the japanese class reuniting. I'll be sure to her how much effort you guys put in to try and make it down there too.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah like it’s just bad for the garritys cause they have to sprint out of work and don’t even know if they can make it
Bill: I'm going to leave 4, 4:30 from my place, it's a two to three hour drive. I should be there will time to spare. At that point, I'll meet up with you and Andrew Georgia, we can get to the airport if we have to, we can call Tom and Jess about how to park and get to the gate when they arrive. Everything else? Toss of the dice, a gamble, test of faith.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Idk I might back out
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I didn’t know much of the details of the plan til today
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t like last minute things; they make me anxious
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And it’s not so much of a plan as much as it is a vague outline
Bill: I completely understand the feeling. No one's going to fault you for that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): if her flight is on time ny 5:00pm I dont know if we should even try
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I feel bad tho cause it’s like, I’m not even gonna be at Kotoricon
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And?? The plan continues being convoluted for most of the weekend?
Bill: It's just me at Kotori. Andrew couldn't get off, Jess and Tom aren't coming down for it. The rest of the plan is whatever you were doing? Marisa just wanted to do Kotori and that's it. By dinner time Saturday Marisa is done for the weekend.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So she’s stopping at my house after Kotoricon/ice skating is over
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Is that it?
Bill: what? no. You won't see Marisa asides from friday.
Bill: Marisa is flying in, assumably going to bed, going to Kotori, and going home. That's it.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _this is why I’m confused_
Bill: *I* was going to come up saturday night, though depending on snow I may not.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ah okay
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): That makes sense
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Cause last I saw was this message
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And I thought you were with Marisa all weekend
Bill: Yeah she done after Kotori. I guess that was a little too TLDR of a description.
Bill: I have been working under you are doing entirely your thing Saturday on Georgia. Ice skating, dinner, sleepover, workshop iirc.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yup that’s da plan
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Skating so far is: Me, Justin, Leanna, Erik, Reiley, Rebecca, Hal (presumably then, Meg)
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Dinner is the same as above assumingly
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Sleepover is: me, Justin, Leanna, Erik, Reiley, rebecca, and I invited the NY peeps if they needed somewhere to stay
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Workshop is the same as above, minus Justin who has work
Bill: There you go. If I show up it'll be saturday night or sunday, though I don't like to fuck with snowfall so we'll see what happens. That's your saturday and sunday.
Bill: Friday is as planned as it possibly can be.
Bill: And to before: ye the screen cap was a tad PA, sorry. Just been reexplaining things to India team member over and over because they don’t read all morning.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It okay I understand
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Just try to redirect it at people who deserve it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Not your friends who are already anxious enough about the planning, and would only feel worse thinking one of their bestie is mad at them
