Sherwood (Will): Oooh. You guys play breath of the wild? I’m thinking Sona’s semblance should be the statis rune from that, she can prevent movement in like a 1 foot cube area. Not enough to freeze a whole person, but to lock up a knee or leg, or anything smaller.
Sherwood (Will): Touch activatation.
Sherwood (Will): Wow okay Cap. You setting us up for trouble all smooth like.
Argent (el Cap): Argent is a big tall man
Argent (el Cap): also I like that semblance idea
Sherwood (Will): Thank. I think it’ll work.
Persimmon (Floob): ~~It does seem a little busted as is~~
But I'm sure we could make it work.
Persimmon (Floob): Biggest problem is that you can use it to automatically escape any fight.
Freeze their legs -> Instant flee
Sherwood (Will): Think so? The small cube felt pretty restrictive. OOOhh fair point.
Sherwood (Will): More than one enemy would circumvent that, but I see what you mean...
Sherwood (Will): Short duration?
Persimmon (Floob): Maybe it only lasts as long as she stays in arm's reach of the target?
Argent (el Cap): Maybe only inanimate objects?
Persimmon (Floob): Oof lots of ideas
Argent (el Cap): then Sona could like, freeze the barrel of a gun
Sherwood (Will): She'd already have to be in striking distance tho for a gun.
Argent (el Cap): still can be melee'd but not shot *by that person*
Sherwood (Will): I like that it restrains movement cause it's thematic to her history being a prisoner.
Sherwood (Will): my thought was since it can only lock up one limb, they'd still be able to attack her while she's within range.
Persimmon (Floob): Also would it still have the other effects of BotW?
I think it shouldn't just because then it basically becomes Argent's semblance with added utility.
Sherwood (Will): Nah, just freezes motion.
Sherwood (Will): No momentum building,.
Sherwood (Will): Could be a like, within 15 feet restriction.
Sherwood (Will): Also if you remember her Nine Lives quirk, where she basically has 9 small auras she goes through instead of her large aura, I was going to have her semblance break her aura.
Sherwood (Will): ~~I have no idea how to translate 9 lives into Fate but~~
Persimmon (Floob): I don't think anyone understood 9 lives, honestly. Even the mods who read and approved it. xD
Sherwood (Will): By then we had JJ on our side by default sooooo lol
Persimmon (Floob): Always good to have a pet mod or two 👍
Persimmon (Floob): ~~As long as Gus doesn't read it~~
Sherwood (Will): TLDR she uses a ninth of aura, it breaks, after a few hits on her that do physical damage the next ninth comes up. Rinse and repeat.
Sherwood (Will): Gus wasn’t bad, I kept butting heads with the one who had an A username. Azure?
Persimmon (Floob): There was one mod who was notorious for being a dick and basically ripping into anyone whose character applications sucked-
I don't remember who. Vox?
Sherwood (Will): Then again, aura is strength of Will right... technically Sona should have it in spades. Still can be true, but changes my original image a bit.
Sherwood (Will): Vox iirc. I found his fury at the guy who complained to him about him being a bad mod hilarious.
Argent (el Cap): Gus was just never around
Sherwood (Will): Despite being in charge.
Sherwood (Will): The Koop came back and I tried to get Koop to throw weight around and he wouldn’t do it.
Persimmon (Floob): Well yeah cuz Vox was, like, the owner of the forums iirc. So if you think he's unfair, he has every right to tell you to fuck off.
Sherwood (Will): Probably cause of Azure.
Persimmon (Floob): Koop, Gus, and Vox were the top dogs but I think Vox was paying for the domain and was responsible for any actual changes to the site.
Sherwood (Will): Rwbyrp mods: we’ll do whatever that thing is after we fix the board
Everyone: when’s that
Vox: WHEN I GET TO IT OKAY
Sherwood (Will): Yeah. Vox was technical lead.
Argent (el Cap): I liked Vox
Sherwood (Will): Slong as you didn’t poss him off yeah.
Sherwood (Will): Koop too.
Persimmon (Floob): Vox would look at shit applications and say what we're all thinking.
Sherwood (Will): With gifs.
Sherwood (Will): Loved that.
Persimmon (Floob): A lot of apps would be like
-Original post
-JJ: Reasoned review and honest criticism and advice
-Vox: SHOVE THIS REVIEW UP YOUR ASS AND GET OFF MY SITE YOU FUCKING DONKEY
Sherwood (Will): Didn’t they have a filter on Vox to at least wait for someone who blatantly ignored JJ?
Sherwood (Will): As for Sona, I think a 15 foot range on it with a 30 second dispel is pretty fair.
Sherwood (Will): She could work to improve those stats over time but in her original iteration she didn’t know her semblance cause she has such poor aura control. Might keep that.
Persimmon (Floob): I mean within the fate mechanics it wouldn't be that OP whatever we did.
Sherwood (Will): True!
Sherwood (Will): I like Fate for that.
Sherwood (Will): Will post in a few once I board train... I like the post lengths, very not intimidating.
Sherwood (Will): Do... we want to actually go to the store before we spot the tailing girl in the outline?
Persimmon (Floob): I dunno. I was gonna foreshadow Percy's criminal connections if we did but with that spoiled there's no real point.
Sherwood (Will): Could setup a place for Percy and Sher to upgrade gear, and the guy has criminal connections so we could bring him back to be like “hey, this group is asking about you guys” to tie into the Noire families dealings.
Sherwood (Will): And you can foreshadow anyway, for the... “reader”?
Sherwood (Will): Could export these at some point to post if we’re really killing it.
Sherwood (Will): But that’s not anywhere near now.
Sherwood (Will): Or this guy could tell the criminals how to find us, for an enemy character setup.
Persimmon (Floob): I get what you mean and yeah.
It's mostly to make the team wonder.
Sherwood (Will): I’d take it that the team knows you’re an ex? Con but doesn’t know to what extent you did things.
Persimmon (Floob): I was just kinda thinking Percy would know about their "special" stock or something that isn't sold to the public.
Sherwood (Will): I think that gives us a standing to work with for acting as team, but Percy more room to surprise us.
Sherwood (Will): Yeah, that’s where I was thinking too.
Persimmon (Floob): Percy hasn't officially cut ties with the "mob" but they didn't know he was involved with anything that serious. They probably just see him as a troublemaker that barely scrapes by in school, probably by cheating.
Persimmon (Floob): But he's already defying the criminal wankers, just waiting for them to notice lol.
Sherwood (Will): Waiting on you Missu cause I’ll move us to the weapon shop in question.
Sherwood (Will): I figure Percy would go in first.
Persimmon (Floob): I didn't even see this, just kinda posted-
Sherwood (Will): Should I play npc or would you like to floo?
Persimmon (Floob): Idc really. I'll do it if you don't want to?
Sherwood (Will): I can do it then. I just want to give the option, generally, and also for things like the gunshop exterior or whatever, if so,some has a picture in mind tell me and we can use that rather than whatever I bullshit up.
Persimmon (Floob): ~~I only went with a weapon shop in the first place cuz you brought it up.~~
Sherwood (Will): I just mean in general lol
Sherwood (Will): Also imma try to split GM and Sherwood things via Dizzy but I may get lazy about it.
Sherwood (Will): *talking to myself doo doo doo*
Persimmon (Floob): ok
Sherwood (Will): Bit long cause conversation. I’ll wrap up the inspection after giving everyone time to do whatever and the. We can leave?
Persimmon (Floob): Can I take over the owner, actually? I have an idea.
Sherwood (Will): Mhmm.
Persimmon (Floob): Alright, will do shortly.
~~But I'm playing RE2 rn.~~
Sherwood (Will): It’s amazing understandable.
Persimmon (Floob): Oh dude I've played it to death.
Persimmon (Floob): I have to bring other people in to react to stuff because there's nothing that can surprise me at this point. xD
Sherwood (Will): Nice.
Persimmon (Floob): He's attacking Sherwood's pride! What a monster!
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Lol do it
Persimmon (Floob): ~~If he does go along with it Percy's gonna drag them out of the shop so I don't really care how Sher reacts. Sherwood losing his bow would be kind of a "bad end" scenario. xD~~
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Omg pls yes
Sherwood (Will): Sherwood isn’t the type to respond to a cheap dig tho lol
Persimmon (Floob): ~~I like to think Nocty and Argent are just window shopping at the scary military-grade weapons shop while this is going on.~~
Argent (el Cap): Argent isn't even shopping, man's just happy to be there
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Noct wants to sleep
Sherwood (Will): Are noct and argent doing anything? I’m going out in a bit so I can’t post further tonight but if they aren’t we can move on from my next post.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Probs not
