Sherwood (Will): I'll have da guys spin around the corner in chase (reminder, they actually after the bow) after you guys setup position. Then C O M B AT YEET
Noctis (CORN BITCH): I read that as murder
Sherwood (Will): Oh man throw backs.
Sherwood (Will): I used to get so annoyed on the board about how all the scrub people had this “rookie” characters who had no qualms with mass murder.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Look its either us or her. I pick her. Plus noct doesn't have his sword
Sherwood (Will): ROCKET LOCKERS
Persimmon (Floob): That's just typical of bad OCs, Will. No matter where you look for them. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Sherwood (Will): Oh ye.
Sherwood (Will): It was SUCH a pet peeve.
Persimmon (Floob): "I like combat, therefore my character is a jaded badass.
Persimmon (Floob): ~~Not that Percy isn't jaded.~~
Sherwood (Will): Not sure if Sher has killed/severely Injured as of yet. Either way, he’s uncomfortable fighting human opponents.
Sherwood (Will): ~~Sona on the other hand~~
Persimmon (Floob): Percy's arsenal is mostly nonlethal sooo...
Argent (el Cap): I don't think Argent has killed anyone yet
Argent (el Cap): Not crossing off serious bodily harm, however.
Sherwood (Will): Mmkay, sher hasn’t killed yet either then. If he did it’d have been on mission with ASPN.
Argent (el Cap): I reckon on a mission there could have been some
Argent (el Cap): amibiguous collateral damage
Argent (el Cap): but I don't think that any of us would have like killed someone straight up in a fight
Sherwood (Will): Not yet.
Sherwood (Will): Mahahaha
Sherwood (Will): Which means we can get *edgy* after first kills.
Sherwood (Will): Who wants the “oh my god am I no better than the criminals we fought” edge arc.
Argent (el Cap): "oh my god am I no better than the criminals we fought? It took me *way* longer than them to kill someone."
Sherwood (Will): So not argent.
Sherwood (Will): Lol
Persimmon (Floob): "Oh my god I'm no better than the criminals we fought!
...I'm *also* a criminal, and have been this whole time. Huh."
Sherwood (Will): Doubt Percy would ride that arc (though if you come up with a cool twist on it that’d be awesome).
Sherwood (Will): Maybe noct?
Argent (el Cap): If I'm being honest, I don't think any one of us *in real life* would have that feeling if someone was trying to murder us
Sherwood (Will): I wouldn’t give it to Sher.
Argent (el Cap): but I mean noct is a healer so if missy wants to go that way there is that justification
Sherwood (Will): Yeee true.
Sherwood (Will): It’s not like a right after thing. It’s the two days lyre, adrenaline’s gone, and you realize you took a human life.
Sherwood (Will): Then the NIGHTMARES woo
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Its true
Persimmon (Floob): I mean, if I had to kill someone in self defense I'd be less "oh shit I killed someone" and more "oh shit legal fees and mountains of work making sure this doesn't fuck my life up."
Noctis (CORN BITCH): It would be more like "I let someone die when I could have done more"
Sherwood (Will): Oof. You could have tried to save them only for them to fight you off thinking you were going for the kill.
Persimmon (Floob): ~~Percy needs a perch to hide on in every combat encounter so forgive my creative liberties with the setting, mmkay?~~
Sherwood (Will): Go for it.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Ill put a reply when I get home
