Heather (batgoddesscosplay): UA takes over katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): LOOK AT THIS HECKIN CAR WE PARKED NEXT TO
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): FUCKING GOOD
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): HOLY SHIT THAT IS AMAZING
Georgia (Something Sensible): THE SEAT COVERS MAKE ME LAuGH THE MOST
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): ONLY THE BEST BOYS GET THE FRONT SEATS!!
Jess (whoozica): That thing is a work of art
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Highkey bet that's Kristy, the girl we bought merch from Georgia
Marisa (Weeb): “Hey guys my ride is here”
Marisa (Weeb): [gets out of the car you’re in and gets in the other car]
Mark (Mad Doctor): Don't drive angry...

OK, so my students had a blast at the con yesterday and asked me three times on the ride home when the next event was. I was going to mention KonKon but not make it a school event, and I think Sakura Sunday would be great, but they haven't announced the dates yet (if anyone is still at The Geekdom Con, could you please ask at the Zenkaikon booth?). Sadly, Zenkai falls in the middle of our Spring Break, so that's out (and I'm not sharing my room with a bunch of goddam teens). I was thinking maybe Kotoricon? Anyone have info on that? Any other events I should consider?
Marisa (Weeb): PhilCon is coming up super soon, I think it's a November con. It's the oldest Sci-fi con in the US but it's more of an older crowd, very very little cosplay (I was the only one in costume when I last went whoops), and mostly a collector's thing. Zenkai used to run an anime room at Philcon but I think they stopped doing that? I can't recall.

DerpyCon is also this month. Much more con-like. I've never been but I know a bunch of the staff.
Is pittsburg too far? they have Tekkoshocon in April.

I've gone to Kotoricon every single year since it first began except for this year rip. I highly recommend it but some people say it's too small to be worth it.
Marisa (Weeb): oh and TAKII, if any of them like karaoke and singing. when is that. soon? why is everything in november dang.
Marisa (Weeb): Oo Zenkaikon doesn't have any info about Sakura Sunday yet, we usually get a bunch of e-mails and notifications to help out when that is announced so the people at the table probably don't know anything. But stop by anyway and get a ton of Zenkaikon ads to give to your friends. ;3c  SakSun is usually mid-April
Mark (Mad Doctor): Thanks for the info. Looks like Sakura Sunday follows Zenkai this year. 
We're pretty much limited to a 60 minute drive radius from campus since we have to there-and-back in a day.  November is a busy time at school, between homecoming and the school musical (given the belting of the Heather's soundtrack on the drive over, I think they'd like karaoke), so we'll probably wait until next semester for another trip.  As for Kotoricon, any comparable cons you would measure it against?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Kotoricon sets the bar for small day cons.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s like Geekdom if done well.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Panels, smaller dealers, it’s on a campus so there’s places to do photos, much more cosplay game.
Marisa (Weeb): Kotori and Castle Point are kinda similar, though I heard CPAC moved to an exhibition center now? like a real con center right?
~~there's no point to going if I can't bother Kat on her campus but she graduated anyway probably ;u;~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): CPAC is about the same as geekdom venue wise. Better parking and a couple of areas around the entrance that are okay for shots, but otherwise a big room split up. CPAC has more than a 100 people show up tho.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~they should have stayed on campus~~
Marisa (Weeb): ~~yeah they shoulda stayed on campus~~
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): NJIT Minicon is a cute 1 day con 
But its super smol
Jess (whoozica): Kotori was my first con, it's pretty decent! They seemed to be having alot of fun when I saw them yesterday so I think kotori would be great for them they had some cool events the couple times we went and a good amount of vendors for a small con, always alot of interaction going on between fans too. Its porbbaly gotten a little bigger since I've been too. Would def recommend!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~just wait till your students go to a con that’s not the worst one on the circuit~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): A few seemed interested in Zenkai, but they'll have to make that trek on their own. I'll put Kotoricon on the calendar. Thanks for the advice, everyone
