Rebecca (madameterralupus): So like... If I ever decided to do panels again at a con would anyone be down to help like run them with me?? 
The three I've done in the past are "Making friends through cosplay/conventions" , "Beginners guide to cosplay" and "Underrated anime".  I started to work on a relationship based one but that ones on the back burner since it'd be silly for me to talk about it being single XDD
I ask cause I was cleaning out my google docs and came across my power points for them lol
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ve always wanted to try panels! I’d be down to help with the beginners one!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They're a ton of fun!
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Id be down to do panels! Theyre lots of fun
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I’ve always wanted to try being apart of one but I never knew how to really go about it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Are ya'll both going to Zenkai? Maybe I'll see if I can re-work the presentation of one of them by then and start picking them back up then lol
Erik (slendergiant): As long as they're not improv panels, doing a panel would be neat 
~~has flashbacks to *Let's Make a Date* at Tanoshiicon~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol all my panels are very nicely laid out with a basis script to follow on what to talk about cause each slide is a diff topic. Obvs some is gonna be improved cause thoughts come up and questions lol.
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I love in character improv
Erik (slendergiant): That's not what I meant by improv. Like, skit-based improv
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): ^^ that kind of stuff is hard but super fun if ya get practice and set some standards before hand
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh. Sorry my mind is *really* not with it today. Too much going on. Lmfao yea no, not doing those XD. I have done them in the past and oof
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I was invited to an in character rwby panel but the con was in Florida and I was like……I live in Delaware
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just be like pay my way and Ill be there
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): I wish 😂
meghan (thefantasylovingredhead): They just fucked up and thought I lived in Florida for some reason?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): big florida energy
Mark (Mad Doctor): I've always been tempted to do a "nerds in schools" panel
snow ( karma chameleon ): <@!169297844874903552> id be down to help with panels! I’m supposed to be doing one for katsu about cosplayers with disabilities
