Rebecca (madameterralupus): Anyone want to go see Jesus Christ Superstar at my school next Sunday (11th)?? I have to see it for my one class but I don't want to go alone T_T
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Anyone I should be aware of at Geekdom for photographical reasons? (gotchu Rebecca, plus Georgia and Leanna for sports festival shinanigans right?)
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I'm not going to the con but I was gonna see if anyone wants to get pics at Valley Forge National Park at some point during the weekend
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do you know how far from the con area it is Monica?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Never mind I just googled it. It's like up the road XD
Hmm maybe Sunday I'd be down  🤔
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i cant really leave the con until the con day is over (besides cosplay swaps and food breaks) so i cant unfortunately :c
Georgia (Something Sensible): leanna is making a great case for "why you should never be a guest at a con" lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im regretting saying yes
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Now now. Well just have to see what crap we can get away with cause “she’s a guest”.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll have to diva it up a little
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg sunday ill cosplay paparazzi
Georgia (Something Sensible): and follow leanna around
Georgia (Something Sensible): MA AM CAN I GET YA PHOTO
Georgia (Something Sensible): A+ great idea
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): saturday i'll be using  "OUT OF MY WAY, EXTRAS!" a lot
Georgia (Something Sensible): Y E S
Georgia (Something Sensible): saturdays gonna be so fun omg
Jess (whoozica): YES
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Hijacks the stage for an *official photoshoot demonstration staring LipstickGiraffe, Madmeterralupus, and wezrez*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "excuse me you cant be up here"
"SHUT UP EXTRA, IM A GUEST"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I'm only partially kidding~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Also yelling 'shut up you stupid fuckwad, I do what i fucking want if you got a goddamn problem with it I'll blow your pansy ass to smitter fucking reins' should be motivation enough for everyone to cosplay Bakugo.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): tbh i want to wear bakugo 24/7
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I really need to get around to working on my Genbent Hero Bakugo again lol~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): you have some savage contouring skills, you could do it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i just want to yell at everyone
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SO i think since i wont have time to make bakugos hero suit for katsu or anytime soon i think im gonna make his shackles and muzzle
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yes! 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Not many people do that version from what I've seen
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its hilarious
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): more people should do it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so speaking of the gym uniforms.... how did I only just realize the white design bits are supposed to be "UA"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): holy **fuck**
Jess (whoozica): YEA! i think <@!170686358535274497>  pointed that out to me at animenext
Jess (whoozica): mind blown
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://pm1.narvii.com/6548/c99913de01bcf43855a94616d656f6eb6f8c7321_hq.jpg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I can't unsee it now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao really? I noticed pretty much right away
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I was too busy paying attention to subtitles to notice
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh same
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Makes sense lol
Jess (whoozica): i always wonder how much i miss because of subtitles
Marisa (Weeb): Mostly puns
you want fucking rwby chibi?: yeayea its supposed to be ua on the uniform
i think its a neat way of incorporating the name/logo into the design! bc like  ya, you typically dont notice unless its pointed out or u pay attention and the design is aesthetically pleasing so it works
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I sometimes if I notice I am missing something I'll continue watching to a point I can stop for a bit and then go back to what it was to catch it.
Marisa (Weeb): Low budget anime are the best to watch with subs because then you don’t notice how bad or weird the animation actually is
Marisa (Weeb): 15 seconds straight of a character unblinkingly talking at the camera with nothing else happening
Marisa (Weeb): Anime directly into your soul
Marisa (Weeb): Like Bersek before the Blu Ray release. The right image is what it looked like airing on TV. Beautiful.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): She... she looks so dead inside XD
Jess (whoozica): help her
Marisa (Weeb): she smile
