Georgia (Something Sensible): Katsu RWBY pajama party y’all
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Matt (mattmyers25): I just show up in qrow and pass out lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^PLZ
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Also lmao fuck i wanna go this but will have to be late cause photo shoot for Shinoa RIP~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oof, same night as BNHA PJ party...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): BIG OOF!
Matt (mattmyers25): Rip
Jess (whoozica): Yea... I'd do both but I'm gonna be pink and there's no way I'm washing that stuff off just to put it back on like an omhour later
Georgia (Something Sensible): Honestly I’m gonna get Pyrrha’s pajamas in the most obnoxious gold ever
Georgia (Something Sensible): Casey suggested it to me and I’ve been thinking about it, and now that there’s a pj party, I MUST
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So RWBY is 8pm-12am, BNHA is 11pm-1am
Erik (Red Riot Thot): According to the book of faces
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Georgia just working her way into more Pyrrha anyway she can.
Matt (mattmyers25): Otakon is hosting a formal ball this year
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): of course they are.
Mark (Mad Doctor): So my wife and son want to accompany us to Katsu. Audrey and I gave them fair warning
Jess (whoozica): oh whoa, is it their first con?
Jess (whoozica): ~~what are they cosplaying?~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~y'all need to do a family cosplay~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~Incredibles family~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): They were at Sakura Sunday, which doesn't really count. I think my son wants to be Patsy to my Arthur again.  My wife shuddered when I suggested she cosplay. I think I could push her into original series Star Trek or something Jane Austen-ish
Jess (whoozica): I wonder what made her wanna go this time?
Mark (Mad Doctor): We all have the long weekend off. I think she's envisioning a relaxing weekend in DC...
Jess (whoozica): oooo uh ohhhh
Mark (Mad Doctor): Like I said, we tried to warn her. Waiting for elevators is relaxing, right?
Jess (whoozica): oh yea definitely! along with maneuvering through crowds and smelling con funk
Georgia (Something Sensible): The relaxing smell of con funk... yeaaaah
Jess (whoozica): I mean they do have a spa right? It probably won't be too busy during the day since the Gaylord is all con goers?
Matt (mattmyers25): The spa there is really expensive
