Rebecca (madameterralupus): Friendos who are going to Katsu that I plan to cosplaying with...what day are ya'll doing what?? D:
My photog friend Brittany is taking bookings Friday so I wanna kinda have a basis of what to wear when so I don't have to move anything around later XD 

<@!155492347122155520> <@!386874959009415170> <@!386624706612297729> uhhh... blanking on if there is anyone else XD
Matt (mattmyers25): Friday is qrow and sat is hiro. I will be cosplaying qrow sat but for 1 sgoot
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Goro is Saturday morning, the rest is a mystery
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Noted! I know Matt and I wanted to do Ichigo and Hiro with you as Goro so that's mostly what I was curious on.Thank!!
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Friday is Captain Marvel
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I honestly don't know how much I'll be in Goro other than for the other group I'm part of sooooo... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What version of him are you doing? I can't remember XD Cause Matt and I are doing the uniforms
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'll be in flight suit. I have the uniform but I'm not sure if I'm actually going to be wearing it for Katsu tbh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh okay. Just let us know then lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Guys I’ve immortalized the photo I got with LIPSTICKGIRAFFE where she SIGNED MY ARM. 

If only I had a permanent marker at the time. For shame.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~I'm going to miss making fame jokes. Weekend highlight right there.~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Are there tentative dates and times for shoots at Katsu yet?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LipstickGiraffe was THE coolest guest there! She hung out with us all day 😱 I felt like one of the cool kids.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You're welcome, it was honestly humbling to hang out with a bunch of extras.
Jess (whoozica): 😮 !
Jess (whoozica): spoken like a true baku-hoe
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I am still loosing it at the fact you yelled "Fucking Deku" out the car window to a group of cosplayers XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The slow window rolling down really added to it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I qish we had recorded that
Marisa (Weeb): biru you gotta tattoo that before it washes off
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Wait, when did we see LipstickGiraffe? There was Leanna but no LipstickGiraffe till the panel owo
Jess (whoozica): yea i went to her table like 4 times and she wasnt even there, what a diva
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You right.You right XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Excuse you, I had to powder my face 800 times and demand iced water with no ice
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Very hard work
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Impowsibke to be at the table when theres no iced water with no ice
Jess (whoozica): those white white chocolate resees you had tho, good stuff
Marisa (Weeb): ~~you joke but we've had picky guests that do exactly that~~
Matt (mattmyers25): Um Mark does have a point
Matt (mattmyers25): Do we know times for shoots and stuff, like group shoots
Rebecca (madameterralupus): No ther's no times for photo shoots yet for Katsu I don't think. Too far out
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I just remembered I never paypaled Leanna monies for a print of her and Georgia... FUUUU. Next time lol 👌
Marisa (Weeb): we wake up at 3am and camp out at the gazebo to reserve a photoshoot
Marisa (Weeb): someone bring like. i dunno. a carrot or something we can sacrifice to increase our chances
