Mark (Mad Doctor): No other volunteers? Perhaps a fun activity for a RWBY pajama party instead. Lower stakes and all
Halim (Greg) (jake): I did improv
Halim (Greg) (jake): Also sorry way behind what is this all for? A panel?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yep. "Whose relic is it?"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): WHERE EVERYTHINGS MADE IP AND OZPIN’S PLAN DOESNT MATTER
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oof yes.
Mak (hollyjollymak): I mean, I’m always up for improv games! I did a lot of improv a while ago, and I’ve done a couple of panels where improv was a key part!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I’ll do it 
I’m down honestly XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's four right there... I'll keep at it lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): We should have little signs with characters' names on them, in order to quickly establish character. So on the prompt "What's in those pancakes?" I can grab the Nora sign and say "Looooove!" or the Jaune sign and say "Ugh! Tastes like ashes!"
Halim (Greg) (jake): Wait are we doing improv in cosplay or completely free
Halim (Greg) (jake): Characters are usually an audience decision or you do it spur of the moment
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): mhmm.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): While there could be a few fun ways to use people in those costumes, it's usually easier to assign characters with the scene or have people just walk in as the character they have in mind.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I've been really bad about paying attention to this chat, I think I missed a key part the other day about what we talking about XD but uhh eyy improv?? I'm down!~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): I assume we'd be in costume from being at a con. I thought little signs could be a cute way to distinguish actor from cosplayed character from improved character
Mark (Mad Doctor): But we could worry about rules and guidelines after our panel gets accepted
Halim (Greg) (jake): I mean also 
I think we dont need to have our characters adopting the persona of other characters at that point 
We can improv as the characters in that situation, or just improv normally 
It's to complicated to have people changing in universe characters that interact with eachother normally
Halim (Greg) (jake): That's why improvers dont normally except having fellow improvers (especially within a troupe) as character suggestions
