Halim (Greg) (jake): What time are we showing up for konkon yall
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was thinking of getting there around 1pm?? I think that's about when we got there last year? O.o
Halim (Greg) (jake): Cause lights wont go on and be in f
good affect till like 5/6 cause evening and all
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Truuu. I know we all did get there a bit early though last year and just hung out taking pics in the daylight then looked at shops some
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): We can plan to eat first? Maybe or dinner after?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Dinner after again would be fun~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Dinner after would be nice again
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Maybe try to plan ahead and find something closer than that Chili's? Lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~although Chili's is still worth a drive~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have a friend from college who lives in that area so I can ask her whats nearby but not in Peddlerslol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes! I live right by that chilis
Georgia (Something Sensible): CHILIS
Halim (Greg) (jake): PLEASE GOD NOT CHILIS
Matt (mattmyers25): Applebees?
Georgia (Something Sensible): 🎵 take me to ~~church~~ Chili’s 🎵
Georgia (Something Sensible): No qpplesbees is a poor imitation of chili’s
Marisa (Weeb): olive garden
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Denny's
Marisa (Weeb): 
Marisa (Weeb): denny's more like
Matt (mattmyers25): IHOP
Georgia (Something Sensible): Olive Garden is actually the shit cause of unlimited breadsticks
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also they don’t use MSG
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Breadsticks are the shit
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Dave and I will be there around 1pm as well
Erik (Red Riot Thot): There's a diner 5 minutes from Peddler's Village
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.newhopestardiner.com/
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *~~which means breakfast food~~*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that place is usually packed so we should call ahead if we plan on going
Erik (Red Riot Thot): is it?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): mhm
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its in the main town of new hope which is like a huge tourist area
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so everyone who goes shopping usually eats there
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or at one of the overpriced restaurants along the main shopping road XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): there's a couple local pubs around the area too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i mean depending on how many of us plan on going out to eat, we should probably call ahead no matter what~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If you can get call ahead. Lot of places won’t do it.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The Dubliner on the Delaware does reservations
Erik (Red Riot Thot): http://www.thedublinernewhope.com/
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh that place is GOOOOOOOOOOOD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Irish pubs, in my opinion, have a tendency so be pretty good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ this is true. i've only ever been to one bad irish pub
Mark (Mad Doctor): My in-laws swear by the Star Diner. They stop there every time they drive down to visit us
Mark (Mad Doctor): Doylestown is 15 minutes away. They have a lot of food options
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Why must we be weebs and take over lol
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): True
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): And it's pretty good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Would anyone want to go see Breaking Benjamin with me in Bethlehem on the 29th??
Jamie (Jamie): Me but damnit im broke 😂😂😭😂😂
Mark (Mad Doctor): Weather report for Saturday: no snow but cold AF. High of 36.  Think I'll wear The Doctor. Four layers, including an overcoat
Erik (Red Riot Thot): <@334090409389195266> you able to score us those hand warmers again? 👀
Mark (Mad Doctor): Should we bring prop gifts again?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea I still have a ton from last year
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Bringing a coat this year >.>
Mark (Mad Doctor): As cold as it was last year, I'll kinda miss the snow on the ground
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *~~maybe they still have the prop gifts we ditched there last year~~*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh prop gifts is a good idea. And LOL maybe
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah the anow gave it a good aesthetic and was great for pictures
Mark (Mad Doctor): It only took a week for me to feel my toes again
