Erik (slendergiant): So I think this was asked before, but is anyone planning on going to the Chestnut Hill ~~Harry Potter~~ Witches and Wizards Festival?
Erik (slendergiant): https://chestnuthillpa.com/events/witches-wizards/
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I might try to go and check it out
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I can't 😕
Georgia (Something Sensible): i was about to say i could maybe do the 19th but thats all bar crawls oops
Marisa (Weeb): aren't u too smol for taht
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Aren't you working the 20th anyway?
Marisa (Weeb): how do u enter a bar if you're under 21. the police demand to know.
Georgia (Something Sensible): i am working the 20th but i get out of class on fridays at 3
Erik (slendergiant): They used to have Friday open to the public as well in addition to the bar crawl, but I guess they changed it this year?
Marisa (Weeb): OH i understand now. i was lost but now am found.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't think the crawl is age restricted.
Marisa (Weeb): how can a bar crawl not be age restricted. that's like paving a street that doesn't connect to any other roads.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But the bars themselves may turn away minors.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That seems dumb to me, given it's a nerdy event, but whose to say.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Marisa Chickie and Pete's is a bar, you know you were in there right?~~
Erik (slendergiant): It's probably dependent on the bars' policies. The ticket only gives you access to those discounts and the other swag. The bars will probably still check IDs or turn away minors. But it's from 7:30-10 which is still fairly normal restaurant hours where you wouldn't need ID to get in
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That's what I'm thinking yeah.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): While I'm free, I don't want to pub crawl with a 2 hour drive home.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Kinda a literal buzz kill
Erik (slendergiant): Saturday has the Quidditch tournament at the college anyway
Erik (slendergiant): which is actually *really* amusing to watch
Marisa (Weeb): my high school had a quidditch team. it's all about technique and the best way not to destroy your knees 👌
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rowan started a team my last year.
Marisa (Weeb): whaaaaaa
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I went to the tryouts to photograph. Was too dark for the d3300 though.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Most of the bars in Chestnut Hill are family friendly (my kids grew up in them !), but the crawl is a ticketed event this year. I'll be there on the 20th, leading a field trip of about six kids from my nerd club. I'm thinking of going as either Ozpin or Grunkle Stan
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Like, they aren't letting people without wristbands in?
Erik (slendergiant): It's ticketed to get the wristband to get discounts and other swag. Otherwise if you were to go to the bars you'd be paying regular prices
Mark (Mad Doctor): If I recall, Iron Hill had some great autumn beers with Harry Potter names. Their Dumbledore dubbel was fantastic
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I mean, I'd get a ticket, I'm mostly curious on Georgia's behalf.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was half awake when responding to this event. I'm debating on going to the pub crawl but not gonna request off if no one else is going 😂
I already have off Saturdays so I might as well check the other event out lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): They are not shutting the main street down for the first time in two years. Given the numbers that attend, it could be a movie scene if everyone crowds on the sidewalks
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm a new yorker (kinda), I'll just slap the roof and say I'm walking 'ere.
