Erik (slendergiant): So guess who forgot to actually check the date of Thy Geekdom Con and won't be able to go
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Tsk tsk...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): How come you can't go? 😮
Erik (slendergiant): I have another event that whole weekend
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof that sucks. 
I wanna go (Cause Riza voice actress) but tbh idk if anyone else in here plans to go. I think you were the only one who I knew was going XD
Mark (Mad Doctor): I hope to take a couple of my students
Jess (whoozica): I JUST GOT THE PUN
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): what?
Jess (whoozica): "thy geekdom con" "thy kingdom come"
Jess (whoozica): or maybe im making puns where there shouldnt be?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Speaking of events is anyone planning to go to the Chestnut Hill Harry Potter weekend thing??
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): what was that weekend?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's the weekend of the 20th
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im guesting at thy geekdom con, gonna be doing a drunk rwby panel
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ owo I am deff adding that to my attend list XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): A *GUEST?*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea lmao i think i mentioned it back when they asked me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Insta famous Lipstick Giraffe?!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Instagram famous LipstickGiraffe?!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): IM SO FAMOUS WOW GONNA QUIT MY DAY JOB
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theyre giving me a table, and im high key like "what do i do with this?"
Erik (slendergiant): Every time they post a guest, I keep checking to see if they posted you yet because I remember you saying you were guesting there!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Sit there, look pretty. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sell prints? And yea do what Bill said too XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yee, he said hes staggering them so idk when mine will be announced xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i don't have any prints~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Decorate the table with Beeees
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): BEES
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): GOOD PLAN
Jess (whoozica): girl go to staples and get some pics on glossy paper
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^^^
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): how much do prints sell for? LmAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i've never even thought to sell prints tbh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): didnt think id gt this far
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I want a print of LipstickGiraffe! She's super cool, pretty and an inspiration 😉
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And lol depending on size I think most sell for $12-15?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Soooo will Drunk RWBY be appropriate for minors?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): with the exception of cursing yes
Mark (Mad Doctor): Ah, theyll hear worse on the van ride over
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): though being a panel of 3 drunk rwby fans i cant promise anything
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~it's only two hours away...~
