Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): @everyone YEEHAW
Jess (whoozica): thank god
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Maybe Katsu won’t be miserablely crowded after all!
Jess (whoozica): YAAAY
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm glad at the news. I wonder how it will be enforced. The Gaylord has a lot of entrances, if I recall
snow ( karma chameleon ): it'll be interesting to see how it is enforced
Georgia (Something Sensible): THANK GOD
Georgia (Something Sensible): I hope Katsucon takes statistics to see how their rate of badges bought will probably increase significantly
Georgia (Something Sensible): If not, the complains of crowding will decrease significantly
Erik (Red Riot Thot): does that mean no more con ghosters?
Jess (whoozica): NO MORE LOBBY CONNING FOOS
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm gonna bet that the number of creeps drops significantly
Mark (Mad Doctor): Looks like the Gaylord is opening another block of rooms tomorrow at noon.  I'd like to try to upgrade to an atrium room, but as my luck would have it, it falls during class time again. And I'm all out of quizzes to give...
Mark (Mad Doctor): https://www.katsucon.org/room-block-to-re-open-on-november-12/
Jess (whoozica): sounds like a movie day mark
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): self study.
Jess (whoozica): you guys arnt closed for veterans day?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Nah. But Friday is our parent conference day
Jess (whoozica): OOO is thats stressful?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): you have classes on saturday?
Jess (whoozica): its for November 12
Mark (Mad Doctor): Parent conferences used to be insanely stressful. But now that I'm old, grumpy, and confident, it can actually be a pretty chill day.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): THANK GOD
Matt (mattmyers25): Katsu is now a closed con
Matt (mattmyers25): You will need your badge to get into the gaylord
Halim (Greg): I'm guessing they will have the convention center areas blocked by guards 
Kinda like the people who sit by the escalators at Zenkai
Matt (mattmyers25): Yeah. But it makes sense
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They already do have that. What they'll add is people at the doors so lobby conners can't clog the atrium.
Matt (mattmyers25): It makes sense with whats going on in the world
Mark (Mad Doctor): I just read the comments on the Katsu FB page. Lots of really entitled people are furious. One guy was outraged that he couldn't now qualify for an early bird rate, saying repeatedly "they literally have a gun to our head!" That might just be my all-time favorite use of the word "literally"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Bet it was a photog too.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I feel like a lot of the photographers that show up are just there to make money on shoots, and don't pay for con or hotel.
Georgia (Something Sensible): ^^^^
Jess (whoozica): "I have to pay for event that I'm going to attend?!"
Mark (Mad Doctor): "I should be allowed into Hamilton for free if I sit in the aisle .."
Halim (Greg): I meant theyd add it to the atrium stare ways lol
