Georgia (Something Sensible): I was looking in the tanoshiicon tag on Instagram cause nostalgia
Georgia (Something Sensible): GUESS WHO I FOUND
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): YOU GUYS WENT THERE TOO????
Georgia (Something Sensible): _i mean I’m not surprised that we didn’t talk cause I looked like this that year_
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): But omg small world
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~I thought we discussed this before lol weren't you hosting a Homestuck panel?~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): I WAS
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg were you there? 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): No, but we discussed this before at some point in this server lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg I don’t remember that but damn what a small world
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's where I met Gen! We were both in the "Let's Make a Date: Cosplay Edition" panel lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg!!! You’re blowing my mind
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i found pics of mak(?) from that con in my phone gallery the other day omg
Marisa (Weeb): wow we should bring that homestuck panel back
Marisa (Weeb): so is basically everyone in bne going to katsu?
Marisa (Weeb): or only some
Marisa (Weeb): raise ur hand
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I was tol Harry Potter in 2015 lol
Marisa (Weeb): if you're that tall how are you gonna fit inside the lego castle
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Someone is looking to do a free boudoir shoot lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔 tempting but if I'm going to do boudoir I think I'd want someone I know personally to do it.. just cause show of skin and such
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'll volunteer. Good way to find out if they're legit 😅
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): XD
Mark (Mad Doctor): "Um...thanks for your offer, sir. I was actually looking for someone a little less...you."
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Guess I better get my VKS for that Taiyang shoot
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof talking about Boudoir... Monica you want to do that Raven/Salem shoot we've been joking/planning to do at Katsu??
Marisa (Weeb): You have to provide the room though <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao can do. Plus we in same room so easy peasy~
Matt (mattmyers25): <@169297844874903552> make sure the photographer doesnt move stuff like last time
Matt (mattmyers25): Lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol you right. That was highly irritating. But I'll make sure they aren't a mess like that person. Ones I'm thinking of aren't. And if they d move anything they'll be decent about it
Matt (mattmyers25): Yes lol and make sure they aren't late and go over time
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I'll put it simply this was Matt... if we do boudoir shoots we won't be using her nor will we be lettting her shoot others in our room so no worries. Most people aren't a mess like her 🤷🏻‍♀️
Matt (mattmyers25): Yes. And she is going no where near the room this year
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): If we talking boudoir
<@351785752197201920>  cherry blossom shoot?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol, room is on lock down for BNE members only ~~jk kinda, but yea no we arent doing what we did last year bro~~
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Lmao oh no
