Mark (Mad Doctor): Well, another dream of international con-going down the toilet.

https://roosterteeth.com/post/51987114
Mark (Mad Doctor): RTX London has been cancelled
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah I saw one of my British mutuals post about it. She's pissed
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like, apparently the UK store is super outdated too
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Wtf?? Didn't they just cancel the Australia one recently too?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ye
Erik (Red Riot Thot): they changed it to a series of Achievement Hunter shows
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That really sucks... like I feel bad for these fans. :/
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like not everyone can come to America to do normal RTX... damn... ::
Georgia (Something Sensible): No offense but 15% off is a shitty deal lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 15% off woooooooo still have to get a passport and plane tickets and hotel
Erik (Red Riot Thot): it really only benefits the fans with disposable income
Georgia (Something Sensible): Or anyone planning on coming to RTX Austin to begin with lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): lol yeah
Erik (Red Riot Thot): unless they apply a 15% refund to all UK attendees
Jess (whoozica): wait... they arent refunding them?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh I'm sure they're refunding the people who bought tickets for RTXL, I'm saying anyone in the UK that was already planning to come to Austin and bought their tickets already
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RT treat you international fans better 👏🏻 sheesh.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like damn. Hopefully they do refund them....
Rebecca (madameterralupus): But yea 15% ain't that great of a discoun...
Jess (whoozica): OH OK
Jess (whoozica): i was like damn thats dick af
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Leanna did you ever reply about being guest to Geekdom?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i didnt yet
Georgia (Something Sensible): Just be like: 🖕
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i really do not want a table~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i just want to go for like 1 day to meet the nier VAs
Georgia (Something Sensible): Tell them you want a roving table like one of those hot dog carts LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ILL BE EMIL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll sing his annoying song ALL DAY
Matt (mattmyers25): I'm glad I got to go to rtx London
