Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hey friends who have worn fangs, how long do you usually let the denture paste sit before closing your mouth? Also how do you clean the fangs?
Jess (whoozica): 😮 mine don't use denture paste they kinda just suction to my teath?
Marisa (Mawisa): Like 30-60 seconds ish
Jess (whoozica): I use dish soap to clean them
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay yeah the ones I bought you need denture paste
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Antibacterial soap
Anna (loud and likely blonde): U can use dental wax if you're careful
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I made money using those plastic beads anna gave me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ok, first funny story of the con:
Georgia and I got a luggage cart and were trying to get it up to where the garage entrance is (not rememebering it's up a ramp but still on the same relative level) so we were waiting for an elevator to get to the second floor. There was another guy waiting for the elevator and let us go in first. As we were situating ourselves in the elevator, the guy must have gotten distracted talking to another group of people also with a luggage cart and when he turned around, the elevator door was already shutting so we just saw him go "WAIT!" and reach out to stop the door but he was too late.
So started losing our shit only to realize we needed a key card to get to the next floor but we didn't have one so we end up going to the 4th floor where someone got on and started going down who was able to get us to the second floor.
Once we got off and wheeled the cart around the corner, we realized we actually needed to be on the first floor so we started losing our shit again as we realized we just wasted that guys's tine waiting for an elevator 😂😂😂
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So I was in regged twice. I just did a last minute check of the schedule to see if they approved he RWBY whose line panel and gave me a free badge.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They didn’t. thank god.
Matt (mattmyers25): Anyone want to get food around 6 tonight? I should be in Lancaster then
Matt (mattmyers25): BNE takes over
Jamie (Jamie): My sister just offered to buy me a badge for zenkai and now im like wait but where to stay cause she will leave sooner since 6 yr old ain't staying til 1 am.
Jamie (Jamie): Also wtf do i wear
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Catch me still at work for one more hour
Jamie (Jamie): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Got my toga make up ready just waiting to get to the con to get dressed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Holy fuck I love your toga makeup
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof the my hero shoot moved to 5PM and there is no.way we are making it

Who wants to meme and have our own photoshiot with blackjack and hookers
Evie (Katheryne Knight): <@289944569410224129> THANK
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I tried doing the pink underneath like others do
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Also I have aquired knife OwO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Can u. Recreate the meme of what do you have there? A knife! No!!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I think the pink under the eye rlly sells the look I love it
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YES I ASKES CHRIS TO RE-ENACT THAT WITH ME
Anna (loud and likely blonde): HELL YEA
ZombieHunter: <@!386567060026556417>  my friend sent me a picture of your car in the parking lot lmao
ZombieHunter: 
Mark (Mad Doctor): The back of my car is famous!!😂
