Erik (Red Riot Thot): Quality photo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Here comes dat pilot boi! O shit waddup!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao that face 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Leanna looks so fucking pleased
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just blocking out the "No photos" sign
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I look so happy LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD Schwalbe left his camera here and he has a perfect zoom in photo of that sign LOL
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I need to go save Pilot boi photos.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): You should do pilot boi more, that was a cool cosplay and it's funny too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Plus I'm sure its be more fun when everyone can actually ... SEE the shot and not trapped in a hallway xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yeee
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Thank.
Mark (Mad Doctor): We need to do a "Pilot boi defeats God of Light with 2% of his power" shot
Georgia (Something Sensible): omg
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Pilot boi shoot at the Air and Space museum w
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pilot boi is shaggy now?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Lord and savior. So pretty much, yeah
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m not the Marisa type cosplayer so ye I’ll do it again. No idea when.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Could probably scrap together enough content for a shoot with a Weiss. About it without getting into AU land.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not that I won’t AU the fuck outta it tho.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Need access to some type of jet for cool aesthetic photos
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Remember that time Pilot Boi showed up to fly injured Yang ruby and Tai back to patch for medical treatment?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Totally happened.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'd be down for that shoot
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Tai and Pilot boi has a serious heart to heart on the flight over. Really helped Taiyang be strong for his girls.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Bless
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Was this in loops?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Lol no.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I made it up.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): I have some friends who did a shoot in the jet at the Franklin institute. There's also an air museum a few miles from me
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I thought it was an actual fanfiction
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pilot boi didn’t get invoked in the loops.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I was gonna ask for a link 😂
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I’m now curious if anyone did write a Pilot boi fanfic but.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not that I’m aware of.
Georgia (Something Sensible): _whenever we cosplay shootin in a space museum let me know because what more could a girl ask for_
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://m.fanfiction.net/s/12804503/1/The-Forgotten-Hero
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If RWBY is Star Wars, is there a prequel movie called Pilot Boi showing the origin of the kinda scoundrel pilot of the good guys whose had a dark and troubled past on the streets of atlas?
Georgia (Something Sensible): are you saying pilot boi is getting his own "solo"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Pilot Boi always going to be flying solo*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I dunno if we could do more than just Pilot boi (and while you’re all very kind and encouraging even with Weiss there’s not enough content for Pilot boi alone to warrant it) at the Franklin institute for RWBY but if you want to see about setting something up Mark we could try.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If anything Georgia can loan BNE her NASA wardrobe and do a NASA shoot.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): If I wore it Thursday or Sunday I would have taken a few photos of yelling at people in the back of the car.
Georgia (Something Sensible): its been a while since chestnut hill, a beacon northeast event would be cool...
Mark (Mad Doctor): If we were thinking about a trip for the Marvel exhibit, we could do a side trip
Georgia (Something Sensible): could use it as an outreach to see if theres anyone worth recruiting, or at the least, hoping to become more friends with
