Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP I SAW! I'm tempted to do Winter but bring my copy of Persona 5 for her to sign.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have. A question. 
Does katsucon normally have the Gatsby party or is it like a one off thing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nah. That was a random event someone decided to host this year for fun
Marisa (Mawisa): I think it’s new
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Rip. Maybe the brothers cosplay will do it again they're cool ppl. 
~~if they do anyone wanna be a splicer with me~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): 90 people signed up for the RWBY shoot. Kingdom Hearts and Star Wars are scheduled for the same time and place...
Marisa (Mawisa): and the lobby is mostly closed <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> 
there's room in front of the dealers hall but no way rwby can fit there. maybe a smaller meetup but kingdom hearts and star wars both sound like they'll also be big.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *We have sword guns*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): maybe kingdom hearts.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not star wars.
Marisa (Mawisa): vs lightsabers and keyblades yeah ok
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): could probably move outside
Marisa (Mawisa): zenkai usually has a big starwars crowd because of the PA Jedis
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if its not raining
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): >.> i mean other area outside
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i failed to realize it was set for fountain
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Current forecast for Zenkai
Mark (Mad Doctor): That's a mighty fine forecast
Erik (Red Riot Thot): nice dry sunny RWBY day
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oh shit... Austin Tindle is a Zenkai guest... *he voices Goro in the Darlifra dub*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~shit shit shit shit~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof kingdom hearts AND Star Wars too
Georgia (Something Sensible): I started the RWBY event page a while ago
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You don’t want to.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~oof $20 to get a picture with him at the autograph table? no thanks~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof 20 dollars
Marisa (Mawisa): Is that to buy a picture to be signed or to get the autograph in general? Autographs at zenkai are usually free (that’s why everyone gets autograph space in the program book) but sometimes the guest’s managing company doesn’t allow that and makes them charge
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ```Austin Tindle: One item/person free (program book or other item). Additional autographs are $20 each. Audio/Visual Recordings are $30 each. Pictures at the table are $20.```
Marisa (Mawisa): Oooo a picture. I misread oops. Thought the autograph was $20
Marisa (Mawisa): Ya pictures usually cost money because they hold up the line
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Monica Rial is free (with time permitted)
Marisa (Mawisa): They got different managing companies then :0
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I still kinda wanna get Todd's autograph on my FMA poster since he voiced Ling but ehh finding time to do so and having to get there in line..
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It'd be nice to get Monica's too cause she does Mei Chang..
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Why didn't you just ask for one the last time I saw you?? 😉
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hypothetically we could move across the street to the Fulton bank area? That's where the KH shoot was last year
Marisa (Mawisa): there were big issues with the bank last year. dunno about this year, but i think last year the bank got really huffy about cosplayers "blocking traffic" and threatened to call the police. they had to send staffers out to have talks with the bank and it ended in them blocking off that area toa ll cosplayers.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): So did the place by the fountain. Remember last year we had to desperate because they complained to Zenkai staff that we were scaring off customers.
Marisa (Mawisa): oh maybe i'm mixing up stories then
Marisa (Mawisa): i heard something about the bank but can't remember what
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Fulton is only open til 12 on Saturdays
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Unless it was a Friday they complains
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *complained
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I know where'd we go.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OwO
Marisa (Mawisa): that alley with the benches?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the park?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): where they do the marvel shoot every year
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh that place where we had the Schnee shoot last year?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Nah, where we shot team rwby.
Marisa (Mawisa): where's the park?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea thats the park
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or i guess its not a park
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but thats where they shoot the big marvel gathering
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): where we did the team rwby shots
Marisa (Mawisa): i wasn't at the con last year idk where it at ;u;
Marisa (Mawisa): if it's far from the con center i wouldn't be able to go even if i got my break at that time so make sure u take lots of pictures
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yea its like a 5 min walk
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): maybe a little longer
Marisa (Mawisa): oof. definitely can't go. i don't think our radios work that far.
Marisa (Mawisa): i'll switch my rwby cosplay to friday then
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): this place
Marisa (Mawisa): ooo looks nice
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We'll figure it out. Bully the other people out of the fountain.
Marisa (Mawisa): i never leave the con center during a con unless it's to go out front
Marisa (Mawisa): if you're planning on changing location it's best to do it soon so there aren't dozens of confused rwbys running around lancaster
Marisa (Mawisa): that small antman in the center is cute
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): We'll still meet at the fountain. Just migrate from there.
Marisa (Mawisa): but there are always late stragglers so pls for the love of all that is holy update the event page as you migrate
Marisa (Mawisa): otherwise after the con you'll go to the event page and just see lots of "where is everyone?" posts
Erik (Red Riot Thot): we'll just do what the BNHA meetup at Katsu did an dpost an instructional video showing how to get to the location
Mark (Mad Doctor): That place is 2/3 of the way to the Hotel Lancaster. I think it's a municipal building.
