Monica (absolutezerocosplay): <@!169297844874903552>  I'm at your house for Zenkai
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just you? Or hwoggy boi coming too? ~~I think you said he isn't but double checking lol~~
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): he isn't cause he's a loser
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): jk I just don't want to drag him to too many cons
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): but he's still a loser
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): but I love him
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): T_T I wanna go to Anime Boston so badly someday. Why's Boston gotta be so far from us D:
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That used to be my moan big con before I started going to katsu, it's a lot of fun
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Though last time I went it had become a bit too crowded, however, I heard it was a lot better last year
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'd go this year but is falls when I am in school 😦 So gotta wait till graduated
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yea its during an inconvenient time xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): For a lot of people
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And oh really? 😮 Neato! Also what con isn't over crowded anymore LOL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~BNE trip to AB to visit the Massachusetts fam?? Lol~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Your typo “moan big con” makes me imagine everyone standing in the lobby just groaning
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO I DIDNT NOTICE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Moan con... <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😏 😏 😏 😏
Georgia (Something Sensible): Me, standing in the Gaylord: UGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH ~~lobbyconners~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's a mood xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol guys if we can see each other from our balcony's at the gaylord (if we all got one) we need to just make awkward moaning noises at one another now XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): Someone posts on the Katsu event later “so uh yeah I enjoyed the con and also apparently other people did too... a little TOO much cause I heard moaning everywhere”
Anna (Cadmium): ~~everyone let's go to anime Boston next year I know people over there and might have a place to stay in duxbury for those who can't do hotel. But i might beg you to pick me up in New Haven from the ferry~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ayyy I'm down~ <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I mostly wanna go so I can hang with WolfDreamer more lmao. I promised I'd attend someday soon lol~~
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i haven't seen ofphaselock in like 3 years I wanna hang with her and someone I know on a diff discord lol~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): BNE trip to AB next year to visit our friends who live too far away~ <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Was talking about doing AB at some point.
Anna (Cadmium): https://www.facebook.com/events/2315403805355816/
omfg someone come with me to this. RWBY pics with respective color rooms?????
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg that looks so cool
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SHOOK
Anna (Cadmium): ~~they have dates still after katsu LEGGO~~
Jess (whoozica): $38 😭
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oof 38 dollars why
Jess (whoozica): cuz modern marketing knows that their demographic will put up the cash for #experiences
Jess (whoozica): especially ones that instagramable
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~they arent wrong~~
Anna (Cadmium): nevermind its all weekdays fml
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof
Anna (Cadmium): LET THE WORKING CLASS HAVE FUN
Jess (whoozica): UGH 😭
Anna (Cadmium): WE NEED IT MOST
Anna (Cadmium): ~~i stay on the lookout for experience rooms in NYC tho so ill find something on a weekend we can all go to
Jess (whoozica): ughhh ive been interested in color factory for awhile too
Anna (Cadmium): i went to Room For Tea and it was beautiful. 
same but also weekdays only???????
Jess (whoozica): yea thats bs
Anna (Cadmium): wait im super confused https://www.showclix.com/event/color-factory-new-yorkj4io394jg32
Anna (Cadmium): through their own website its got weekends
Anna (Cadmium): We want you to have fun and take in every moment. Please take as many photos as you like, but please be considerate of others enjoying the exhibit. There are photo booths integrated throughout our space to give you an opportunity to put your phone away, be in photos with your friends and family, and appreciate the exhibits more fully. Despite our best efforts to keep cameras & their lenses clean, operational, and calibrated correctly, we do experience equipment failure from time to time. Because we can't guarantee every photo station's equipment at any given moment, make sure to take all the photos you'd like as you travel through the exhibit. Tripods, excessive props, commercial or product shoots, media shoots, press interviews, and all professional video equipment are prohibited without advance approval and accompaniment from a Color Factory representative. Contact us at press@colorfactory.co for requests.
Anna (Cadmium): no excessive props but u can bring your own good cameras
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): says nothing about no cosplay either
Anna (Cadmium): yeah imma email them actually and wait on buying a ticket but. There's still lots of tickets open for the saturday after katsu
Anna (Cadmium): and the sunday
Jess (whoozica): hmmm theyd prob consider it part of "commercial or product shoots, media shoots"
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): that'd be a good weekend...
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Cosplay is a magical grey area between commerical and personal.
Anna (Cadmium): bill do you have any advice on how i should word it to ask if we can take cosplay pics
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It sucks.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Do they have a phone number? I always prefer phone. If not, lemme write the Knoebels email and you can copy pasta.
Anna (Cadmium): imma ask if we can take cosplay pics and specify its all just personal use and that we think its a great opportunity to take some beautiful photos
Jess (whoozica): ~~id honestly like to go even without cosplay~~
Anna (Cadmium): if they say yes lets go cause in theory. that gives us some time to 1) mentally and 2) financially prepair
Jess (whoozica): ~~maybe even more so so im not distracted from the experience by wig and shit~~
Anna (Cadmium): $38 is a little hefty but they usually give u food or a free thing and it takes a full hour at least to get through it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, sounds fun. Need to do more in the city, I've been working there for the last year and a half.
Anna (Cadmium): ~~wear nora~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): * prints might be an issue.
Anna (Cadmium): ~~then we should email early so its considered 'advance notice' ~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not that anyone here is doing much with prints, but sale of prints from Knoebels/Color Factory would be a use that may get you in trouble.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah. I'll do that email tonight, if you want that for inspiration.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I just gotta get the hella outta armonk NY <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (Cadmium): pls and thanks. Otherwise imma just be super nice and careful with it
Anna (Cadmium): literally why armonk
Jess (whoozica): yea id just worry that ill be too self conscious cosplaying in public and it would take away from me enjoying it. im weird
Anna (Cadmium): ~~ew westchester~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): IBM corporate headquarters.
Anna (Cadmium): ahhhhhhh. 
rest in pieces
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): They're my client at Indellient.
Anna (Cadmium): isnt there a dump like. right next to it
Anna (Cadmium): or am i thinking of another IBM
Anna (Cadmium): i think theres one in dutchess nvm
Anna (Cadmium): <@!351471675843411978>  feels but like. you'd be with other people doing the same
Jess (whoozica): yea.... im still weird tho XD
Anna (Cadmium): ~~and i guarantee im extra af enough to draw attention away from you if you want~~
Jess (whoozica): ill make that decision later XD
Anna (Cadmium): also like. usually at these events ppl who dress up and look a certain put together way get comments like 'wow i wish i did that' which personally i like. 
ANYWAYS. Yeah no i only see an email bill
Jess (whoozica): good point
Anna (Cadmium): like at room for tea there was this girl who looked SO CUTE matching the pink of the fake boba balls and im like DAMMIT I SHOULDVE WORN A WIG
Anna (Cadmium): Also i can PROBABLY get us a ruby
Georgia (Something Sensible): RWBY wigs with fashionable clothes is what I hear?
Anna (Cadmium): incredibly color coordinated clothes yes
Marisa (Mawisa): if it's not a full cosplay and i know far in advance i could be a ruby if u don't find someone else 👌
Anna (Cadmium): actually. I have this incredible pink satin skirt that I dont fit in if anyone wants to be nora and is smaller than a womens 8 pants
Marisa (Mawisa): my costume is in a box somewhere but i have the wig
Anna (Cadmium): idt we would do full cosplay
Anna (Cadmium): im hella procrastinating fixing yang's boots up
Georgia (Something Sensible): I wish I cosplayed Blake because my black varsity jacket would be SO GOOD with a bow
Anna (Cadmium): ~~we have time~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like KAWAII kick ass aesthetic
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I'll do penny probably
Marisa (Mawisa): can bring my blake wig if i go ;3c
Anna (Cadmium): ill get another ruby then so marisa can be blake
Georgia (Something Sensible): Blek
Georgia (Something Sensible): I don’t dress like Weiss tbh so none my clothes work
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): pyrrha
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’d prob go with Yang or Pyrr
Marisa (Mawisa): is there still snow on the ground
fall into the snow and wear it
Georgia (Something Sensible): _do you wanna build a snow weiss_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): do you wanna build a shnee man
Anna (Cadmium): ill do weiss if someone else goes yang
Anna (Cadmium): except im much taller than weiss really is
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yo fam let’s swap then 😂
Anna (Cadmium): LEGGO
Anna (Cadmium): i did buy a silver wig tho lmao
Anna (Cadmium): OKAY here is draft of what i wanna send out. "Hi there! 
Several of my friends and I are cosplayers, and we were wondering under what category taking photos in cosplay in the color factory would fall. I know the rules say "Tripods, excessive props, commercial or product shoots, media shoots, press interviews, and all professional video equipment are prohibited without advance approval and accompaniment from a Color Factory representative" so i'm assuming that bringing a good camera is allowed, but is taking pictures in costumes for social media something that needs advance approval? If not, would intending to make prints from photos taken at the factory create the need for advance approval?
Best,
Anna
"
Marisa (Mawisa): are the workers there hip/savvy enough to know what cosplay it
Anna (Cadmium): its new york
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): probably
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cosplay isnt a secret anymore
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): nerds are "*cool*"
Anna (Cadmium): ok heres updated.
 Several of my friends and I are cosplayers, and we were wondering under what category taking photos in cosplay in the color factory would fall. I know the rules say "Tripods, excessive props, commercial or product shoots, media shoots, press interviews, and all professional video equipment are prohibited without advance approval and accompaniment from a Color Factory representative" so i'm assuming that bringing a good camera is allowed, but is taking pictures in costumes for social media something that needs advance approval? If not, would intending to make prints (to sell) from photos taken at the factory create the need for advance approval? It's an odd middleground between personal and commercial because cosplay is technically an art form and personal, but once you sell photos of your work it could be considered commercial. I just want to make sure we follow all the rules.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I usually avoid cosplay by name. Usually just keep it simple as costumes.
Anna (Cadmium): "Hi there! 
Several of my friends and I would like to visit the color factory and were wondering under what category taking photos in costume in the color factory would fall. I know the rules say "Tripods, excessive props, commercial or product shoots, media shoots, press interviews, and all professional video equipment are prohibited without advance approval and accompaniment from a Color Factory representative" so i'm assuming that bringing a good camera is allowed, but is taking pictures in costumes for social media something that needs advance approval? If not, would intending to make prints (to sell) from photos taken at the factory create the need for advance approval? It's an odd middleground between personal and commercial because wearing homemade costumes is technically an art form and personal, but once you sell photos of your work it could be considered commercial. I just want to make sure we follow all the rules. 
Best,
Anna"
Anna (Cadmium): calling them homemade makes it sound less threatening
Anna (Cadmium): Assuming we can get a yes, we go either feb 23rd or 24th, and i guess they tell us what time they can accompany us if it needs approval. 
Then we gotta figure out whos gonna be what cause i guess we probs should avoid doubles??
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Nah. The no double thing is counter to having fun.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Be who you want and enjoy yourself.
Anna (Cadmium): Valid. I retract my statement.
Anna (Cadmium): email sent (and not from my cosplay account) so ill update on response
Mark (Mad Doctor): As <@334090409389195266> will tell you, it never hurts to ask
Anna (Cadmium): Yea and its not forbidden we just have to apparently get permission. So lets hope they say yes so prints can be sold cause this would be an awesome photoshoot
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ru'dby?
