Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Let’s find out what’s available from franklin before anything is decided... if it’s not much maybe it’s better as a squad event without the cosplay.
Mark (Mad Doctor): According to a friend, the museum was cool with cosplayers showing up in kit
Mark (Mad Doctor): The Free Library across the street is also a gorgeous building that would be fine with cosplayers
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO we dead have a con on Long island that's in the aviation museum
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's great
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Oh I've been there
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): It's really dark though
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I've been to that con I mean
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Cradle con or long island retro gaming expo. Cause. APPARENTLY BOTH ARE THERE idk
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): The gaming one
Anna (loud and likely blonde): O ye I was gonna try cradlecon and see if they light it better lmao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The gaming expo my bf likes so. We go now
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It is. Incredibly dark however u are very. Very correct
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Real fucking dark
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Damn u make a good bucky
Jess (whoozica): Leanna makes a good everyone 👌
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): What that's so nice 😭
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Thank you
Jess (whoozica): It true <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>  you welcome
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Who all is going to Kogaracon? 😮
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i probably am
Jess (whoozica): me me!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Ye.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I was considering making a day trip and going one day?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Heather, David and I are probs gonna be up on Saturday
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *oh its free im coming*
Jess (whoozica): YE FREE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee! It is which is super cool 😮
Jess (whoozica): and one day only i think?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *I WILL BE ATTEND*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I didnt realize that until heather pointed it out lol
Jess (whoozica): Marisa has a panel on the history of anime im looking forward too
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *i am attend for Marisa*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~fuck who do i have to fix up for this convention~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh that sounds neat 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Im hoping my Veronica skirt still fits cause I may try to wear her and finally get some pics XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): veronica?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Veronica Sawyer from Heathers
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~oop now i need to go listen to the soundtrack again~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~oops i need to see heathers~~
Jess (whoozica): me too gurl
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes to both of you lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i will go with all of you next time somewhere does it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): All 3 of you now lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also watch the old movie. It good too :p
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye the movie is real good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but no songs
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Jess and I have like. solidarity in "no i haven't seen that movie and at this point im too afraid to ask where i can watch it"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and songs make it better
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): netflix i think?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): OwO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ye netflix has the original movie
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thats where I watched it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): wait so uhhhhhhhh has anyone been to kogara and can tell me how parking works
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Im sure I can find the musical somewhere online lol~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): pretty sure theres a parking lot
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): on campus
Jess (whoozica): parking free too!
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It’s really small FYI.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Like. Real small.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): smol but friends make it good
Jess (whoozica): and yes anna we got that "havent seen it" solidarity
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Im mostly going to have fun with friends and for somethng to do XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im gonna do it caue all i gotta pay for is gas and the bridges
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~and friends that goes without saying~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FRANDS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fuck it ill just wear shinsou
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~omg one of the guest cosplayers name on insta is Thicc Mom. whelp my fate is sealed. if anyone wants to be picked up on the way lmk cause i will be. drive from the east.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Thicc mom.... omg I love it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): omfg wow im glad that its one day cause LICBE is the 14th lmfao
Anna (loud and likely blonde): two cons? one weekend? More likely than you think
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee Sakura Sunday Philly is the day after sooo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yeeee
Anna (loud and likely blonde): OwO whats this
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): whats everyone doinf for sakura btw
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Imma probs do Shinoa Hiragi again. Simple and fitting to the theme lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~trying to rewear things for the next several events since gonna be broke for a while lol~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~god i wish that were me~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): bought fabric for my RTX cosplays so like. if i need more im fucked
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im cementing my death by making a haku to go with marisa's chihiro from spirited away
Anna (loud and likely blonde): time to go and beg my mother for access to her fabric stash bc i did not buy tulle or chiffon
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'm so bad with trying to make something new for every event lol. I gotta stop for a while. And for a while I mean nothing new until CCE lol. ~~someone hold me to this lol. Cause I will try to break it i am sure~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): HECKIN MOOD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): someone come to LICBE with me with a costume u made 100% of bc the last cosplay contest winner won like a total of $300 in prizes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): including like $80 to arda
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh damn that's a ncice prize
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i know. i cried.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): can i split myself in two and go to both
Anna (loud and likely blonde): a girl who did a sakizou artwork Frau won and she was so nice we talked for like. 5ever about bead details
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because i have a lot of cosplays that ive never entered in competitions
Anna (loud and likely blonde): just astral project its fine
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is ok they have the con 2x a year
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ill just make u come in the fall
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yes take me with you
Anna (loud and likely blonde): maybe ill have my SPG penny by then and we can do penny & penny
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA
Anna (loud and likely blonde): which is HELLA PICS I NEED
Anna (loud and likely blonde): also i rly wanna make her swords out of plexiglass kill m e
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fucking mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i want to do so much prop work, but i cant because fucking small apartment with no tools
Anna (loud and likely blonde): FUCKING MOOD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so im just here like eying my brothers workshop
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like PLS
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i mean. i have tools. but.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): cant use till summer
Anna (loud and likely blonde): housemate almost killed me for sanding armor in the basement
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh no
Anna (loud and likely blonde): its ok he didnt do the dishes so everyone else almost killed him
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~plus they all make the house smell of weed and vape juice so like my spray paint scent can be dealt with~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we all. need to live in the same house in jersey. or NY. and. have a cosplay workshop
Anna (loud and likely blonde): BNE event: househunters edition
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): too nice. we need. a house with. something that can be a paint covered disaster
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is that in millerton
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): *shrugs vaguely*
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *if yes is. condemned. hello photoshoots*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You know.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): When you guys were talking about how I should just dye my hair to be blonde for Mirio.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I basically try and style my hair that way.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you gonna dye it?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): 👀
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It doesn't *work* cause idk nothing holds my hair good and up, but I keep my bangs off my face cause more forehead be slimmin.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): No way.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Amusing.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok but. what gel u usin
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you got pics
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I just bought Got2b gel cause I'mma done with this shit.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pics of what?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): your hair , but i take that as a no
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): of me trying to do the mirio thing? Any photo of me ever lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): the mirio thing, ye
Anna (loud and likely blonde): yes that gel is great its like. superglue for hair
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I always try and keep my bangs off my face.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is better for skin too
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It tends to end up sweeping down to the side though.
Jess (whoozica): you try to stick your bangs straight up? 😮
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): pretttttty much?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): like guy fieri our lord and savior
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Up and back, really.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~apparently I'm as good at this as I am a wog, judging by the surprise~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): are you adding the gel when your hair is wet or dry?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): damp.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): better hold when it dry
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Wait are we living in a haunted house now? Oso
Anna (Blonde Banshee): i grew up in a 200+ year old house how bad can it be
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yikes hard pass
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): We gonna be the new ghost adventures
Mark (Mad Doctor): Already got a place picked out. Downside: it's in Scotland. Upside: Higher quality ghost over there

https://search.savills.com/property-detail/gbedruedr100016
