Anna (Blonde Banshee): *DAN GREEN IS GOING I GOTTA GO CAUSE MY MIDDLE SCHOOL WEEB IS COMIN OUT*
Marisa (Mawisa): YEAH they’ve got so many yu gi oh voices
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Listen I had. The biggest crush on Yami Yugi.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Damn I wish I had actually. Done that kaiba cosplay
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Yami yugi was a sexy man in leather that could play a mean card game
Anna (Blonde Banshee): ~~and kill people~~ wait that was only S0? Sad.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): And then he was a hot Egyptian dude
Marisa (Mawisa): Yami wasn’t the leather and studs that was 100% yugi’s fashion and Yami hated how edgy it was. Fabulous
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: It was yugis fashion
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: But yami made it work
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Yugi was a kinky ass highschooler who looked twelve but probably owned several paddles
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: When yugi realized yami made him taller, twinkier, and have a deeper voice
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: He knew
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: He had to wear close that when he changed
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Would turn him into his ideal look
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Like. A leather cloathed Danny phantom
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: That's why what he wears doesnt fit
Anna (Blonde Banshee): I feel like I should have leather pants for Dan Green to sign
Anna (Blonde Banshee): But
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Maybe I can find some at a thrift shop. Pleather pants
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Frame them
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Would that be weird
Jess (whoozica): I blame Danny phantom for my love of white haired Bois
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Mood
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Omfg I found who the Best Jeanist from katsucon was. 
Turns out I already followed her
Marisa (Mawisa): 20% off 👀
Matt (mattmyers25): It doesnt work
Rebecca (madameterralupus): RIP
Mark (Mad Doctor): <@227431823062466569> Dare I ask what April Fools shennanigans you and Casey are up to this year?
ZombieHunter: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That moment where I'm tempted to take off for Wizard world Philly because it's my.birthdag weekend
Matt (mattmyers25): Do it. I'm going sat to see team rwby
Mark (Mad Doctor): Not a cheap event... Also my wife's birthday.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was gonna try to go Thurs before vacay but dad says we are leaving that day and not Fri or Sat like normal 😦 Weh
Evie (Katheryne Knight): My issue is I don't want to book a hotel and I'm not sire if anyone lives close enough to the con to.let me crash at their place for a weekend
Matt (mattmyers25): I found a cheap 1 for 144 a night
Marisa (Mawisa): it's a little messed up that wizard world charges more for priority admission, unless their priority admission is different from the disability admission in which case that's not messed up.
Anna (Blonde Banshee): Priority admission just sounds like VIP I hope it's different
Matt (mattmyers25): I'll need to research this
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): Wizard World is freaking expensive, I haven't been there for years
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It's expensive and last time I was there barely got to interact with guest. Was a quick take photo and go 😭
