Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): is it worth going to friday of ANYC? Debating saving up a vacation day for it
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Don’t think anyone’s planning the Friday. My usual suspects should be along Saturday. Debating maybe staying for Sunday but not Friday.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I enjoyed it as just the day trip
Erik (Red Riot Thot): for Saturday
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): if i go it'll just be saturday
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but if the puppy show is that weekend again, then maybe take off that Friday for that so you can see doggos
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Erik (Red Riot Thot): update: it's not
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): F
I went both days last year so ill probs do just weekend
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): Sunday was actually rlly good
Mark (Mad Doctor): Weather forecast for Sakura Sunday: cloudy and 58 degrees. A little cool, but compared with last year...
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sounds much better and do-able.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Actually sounds perfect for what I am planning to wear lol ~~I won't be freezing or dying of heat lol~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): whats everyone wearing btw
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I plan to wear Shinoa Hiragi. Figured she'd be pretty and fitting for the event
Marisa (Mawisa): webecca some day when the stars align can we do yuu and shinoa
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeeesss ❤
Mark (Mad Doctor): I need to do more cosplays from Japanese sources. The closest I come is the anime-ish RWBY. Was thinking of doing Qrow or perhaps Tony Stark to feed on pre-Endgame hype
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do a kawaii Tony Stark look lol
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): do tony stark with the hello kitty watch
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yess ^
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Just do a whole kawaii hello kitty Tony Stark look lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): "What are you without the suit?"  "Genius, billionaire, philanthropist, weeb...."
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): omg who will come with me to the kogaracon panel about david bowie
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): its after marisa's dont worry
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): me
Anna (Loud, blonde, and angery): *yes excellent*
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m gonna have a pink yukata and probably be Ochako!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahh cute!
Georgia (Something Sensible): Hopefully that weather prediction stays nice
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://youtu.be/Lcaiv-qs7gI ~~pilot and Pirate have the same syllable count~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oof that audio
