Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah... very disappointed about the March dates. It's really annoying
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Why March again it's too close from Katsu
Erik (Red Riot Thot): too close to Katsu, and too cold. May was so much better last year 😩
Matt (mattmyers25): Agreed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): MOTHERFUCKER TORACON AND ZENKAI ARE RHE SAME DATE NEXT YEAR TOO????
Rebecca (madameterralupus): March is a terrible month for cons cause weather is all over the place .~.
Marisa (Mawisa): I’m still thinking about that fake plant
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Omg Marisa XD
Marisa (Mawisa): So green and vibrant. Too good to be true.
Marisa (Mawisa): My body calling out in a desperate attempt to get some vitamins
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Plant
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I mean if u eat the green fruit roll ups that means something right
Marisa (Mawisa): It was gorgeous but plastic
Rebecca (madameterralupus): She crave the leafy green
Marisa (Mawisa): Yeah but I only have the spicy fruit roll ups left over from Katsu. Fruit roll ups are for special occasions you can’t just pick them up in the grocery store.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Ew
Marisa (Mawisa): Thank y'all for your cooperation during the RWBY shoot, I really appreciate it. Sorry you all had to be crammed into the tiny hallway and we couldn't move the furniture but it was either that or outside somewhere. Thanks for keepin' the hallway clear so people could get through and staying within the blue line on the ground, and thanks a lot for helping me keep everything in order because i definitely couldn't do it by myself hehe.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Thanks for wrangling us! See like everyone had a good time
Marisa (Mawisa): shoutout to Mark for being honorary staff for the rwby meetup
Mark (Mad Doctor): We all bring natural talents to cosplay. Being loud is mine
Jess (whoozica): Me: *Scours zenkai tag for 2 hours at work trying to find pics*
*finds nothing*
<@!169297844874903552>: *finds pics of me* 
XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *mood i got stopped so many times for photos but all i can find is pics of my mic*
Georgia (Something Sensible): Saaaame
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~did yall assimilate mag at zenkai btw she was v anxious about con sans me~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye she came with us for a bit and then found other groups to hang around
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): she did well
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Bless
Jess (whoozica): we weren't in rwby but we saw her saturday morning on her own we talked with her for a bit!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): u are all wonderful ppls
Anna (loud and likely blonde): extra for hunter bc he got the full magdalene experience cause usually we mellow each other out. but not this time
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i am so proud of her for long wig too
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Thank for beign great ppl. i am. emotion
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao I'm awful at finding pics of myself but can find everyone else xD
Marisa (Mawisa): I have pic of u
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Marisa got the best pics of me xD especially that up close one lol
Marisa (Mawisa): For my conspiracy wall
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ok todoroki
Anna (loud and likely blonde): whats the conspiracy tho OwO
Marisa (Mawisa): idk i'll need a close up of your face to find out
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg I love the cookies
Georgia (Something Sensible): Marisa which chat has our selfie with Erik from Thursday
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): YE
Jess (whoozica): oh wheres the ones with toms staff
Marisa (Mawisa): THAT WAS GREAT
Jess (whoozica): i mean spear
Marisa (Mawisa): was that one cookies or dog
Marisa (Mawisa): dog
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): jess u ok there
Jess (whoozica): LMFAO
Jess (whoozica): im dying at my desn rn XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): The spear.. omg 😂
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also Jess xD 
She grrr
Marisa (Mawisa): did tom fix his spear? :0
Jess (whoozica): not yet
Jess (whoozica): he will tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what happened to it?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 😮
Jess (whoozica): the screw stripped and it fell apart D:
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): NOOOOOOOOO
Jess (whoozica): he kind just held it together rest of the day
Marisa (Mawisa): lewd
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof D:
Also holding things together.. what a mood XD ~~I'm constantly holding my sanity together lol~~
Marisa (Mawisa): oo bojo is back and she remembered the other guy's name so they're sending me the anext signup tonight
but i still don't know if i wanna do it what's everyone doin' for anext
Jess (whoozica): Idk yet but Tom and I have to leave Saturday night cuz we have a wedding on sunday
Marisa (Mawisa): bring wedding to con
Jess (whoozica): But it not my wedding
Marisa (Mawisa): ask nicely
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): She has a point.
Marisa (Mawisa): What if I staffed just Friday to give the guests a crash course in English so they were good the rest of the weekend? <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Marisa (Mawisa): Flawless plan nothing would go wrong ever and everyone lives happily ever after. Spielberg buys the rights to make a movie about me played by Morgan Freeman and it goes down in history as the greatest idea ever.
Marisa (Mawisa): 👏
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): You’ll get roped in for the whole weekend.
Marisa (Mawisa): They can’t catch me if I change my wig and makeup
Marisa (Mawisa): And take off my glasses. Guess I’ll be blind.
Marisa (Mawisa): webecca how u so good at finding that
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤷 Lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Still havent found any of me though LOL
Marisa (Mawisa): everybody grab a flashlight we're goin' webecca pic huntin'
Mark (Mad Doctor): There's some good shots of Rebecca in the Friday  BNHA pics I've seen
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 👀 I've found a few Friday ones but mostly only Saturday XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also:
https://www.pennlive.com/entertainment/2019/03/zenkaikon-2019-some-of-the-craziest-coolest-looks-we-spotted.html?fbclid=IwAR3WiGCTFsaOf-UkNIn00S9beli3LFzrLgHL84HuZcNFJdxVEXPEUJ5hSo4
<@!334090409389195266> <@!245270932602486784> <@!351471675843411978> and Mag are featured in this :p
Georgia (Something Sensible): WOO
Georgia (Something Sensible): Famoose
Jess (whoozica): IT ME!
