Anna (loud and likely blonde): Holy crap there's a Sucre cosplayer in that photoset SOMEONE ELSE REMEMBERS OFF
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~rebecca wait where's mag idt she's in there~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Is she not the Blake in that photo? Or am I just dumb and assumed it was her LOL~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm dead it's not 💀
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Tho to be fair. 
We usually end up unrecognizeable
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And she had a new wig
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~and she was standing next to Leanna so to be fair it was a safe assumption~~
Marisa (Mawisa): there were a handful of OFF cosplayers at zenkai!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *cries* my favrorite game.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So that Blake... isn't Mag? O.o
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO no it's not
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol WELP.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): So uh. I bought white spandex
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Time for me to stop looking at con pics... I am so tired I am mistaking people lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And I have no idea what I bought it for
Anna (loud and likely blonde): LMAO yeah u need. Put down the phone
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have no idea why I bought this fabric <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~This is why I am deciding to not work much on this essay cause I know I'll fuck something up in it in my tired state lol~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I have. No idea why I bought this OTHER fabricccccc OHHHHH WAIT it was 40% off spandex so I got some white thinking I could dye it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Yeah mood
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Time to search for cosplays needing white spandex!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I put a project down today after work and was like I'mma check this in the morning
Anna (loud and likely blonde): It's like. THICK spandex too
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I also have nearly 2 yards of metallic golc
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I got it for free but like idk wtf I can use it foe
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Maybe I can. Make pyrrhas armor and do the spandex over foam method
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee there ya go!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But like I am. Not inclined to be pyrrha. 
Idk
Anna (loud and likely blonde): CHUB RUB
Anna (loud and likely blonde): CORSET
Anna (loud and likely blonde): One day I'll find a use for this expensive ass spandex I got for free lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'll just be the You Tried star it's fine
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XD yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Do the you tried star XD
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): I miss you all so much !♡♡♡
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I miss ya'll cause I feel like a good handful of you I like barely saw T_T
Jess (whoozica): Me too 😭
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like I barely Saw Erik, Hunter, Mark, Mag, Meg and Hal. I never saw Audrey. It was sad. I missed seeing so many people and it felt so weird barely seeing some people T_T
Georgia (Something Sensible): i feel like i saw most everyone
Georgia (Something Sensible): i spiderman meme'd at everyone i only caught briefly
Georgia (Something Sensible): tho youd think youd run into people more with the smol con center
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I like saw people but usually only in passing or at the rwby gathering really XD
Georgia (Something Sensible): we got lucky that staff would accomodate the rwby shoot indoors
Georgia (Something Sensible): when everyone gets the survey, we have to ask for a designated indoor meet up space
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It was nice we had it indoors from the cold and they found us a spot. Our staffer who helped us too was super rad <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): So I did invite alot of people in advance that I'm friends on fb but whoever wants to come or invite ♡ I'm holding my 25th birth on April 20th <Saturday, my actual birth is the 21st but Easter took it this year > it's at round 1 arcade in exton pa! You are all welcome ♡ there is games,food,bowling,drinking,pool karaoke  you name it ! And it right in the mall too ♡ come celebrate ♡
