Rebecca (madameterralupus): How would a calendar get us into legal trouble..?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🤔
Marisa (Mawisa): Rips off rwby cosplay midway through stream to reveal homestuck cosplay on underneath
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Characters
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:valid:420824413592748032>
Jamie (Jamie): i mean calendar could be drawn by collectively the artists in the group of the group members in cosplay ~~specially the wezrez cosplay haha~~
Marisa (Mawisa): Selling content with the characters yeah. Even if we don’t make any money off of it
Georgia (Something Sensible): What if I’m just
Georgia (Something Sensible): Generic redhead with ponytail
Jamie (Jamie): would simply need to follow the rules of artist ally kinda thing
Georgia (Something Sensible): _someone messaged me asking when I’m doing a nasa flannel Pyrrha cosplay
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol we rename the charas xD
Jamie (Jamie): lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Generic alcoholic bird man
Matt (mattmyers25): ~~Pyrrha  is earthchan?~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): L'il Robot Girl
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Sunshine pun dad
Mark (Mad Doctor): Reincarnation Wizard
Jess (whoozica): Lol is rroster teeth sues for people using thier characters for charity I will def think differently if them
Matt (mattmyers25): Emo creepy boy
Mark (Mad Doctor): We could, of course, ask for permission..
Matt (mattmyers25): Jealous ex lover
Jess (whoozica): Ye
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We could. But would we get a response...
Jamie (Jamie): but like one idea take the images of most well known/liked photos of groups we've done as part of BNE or with 3+ members in it or something
Mark (Mad Doctor): Les-Bee-ans
Marisa (Mawisa): It’s just an image thing. I doubt they would come after us but it’s a possibility (im just bein devils advocate dab emoji), like how Disney sued that daycare for having their characters on a wall
Jess (whoozica): Ye. It's definitely a thing to consider
Mark (Mad Doctor): Worst case, they say no. Medium case, they charge us for the rights, and we say no. Best case, they say yes
Mark (Mad Doctor): We point out that it's for charity, and with a print run of a few hundred tops
Matt (mattmyers25): If we do a stream, my one friend can help us with it. He has done an extra life stream
Matt (mattmyers25): But, we should do the stream
Jess (whoozica): What's extra life?
Jamie (Jamie): ~~i mean the disney lawyers are dicks though from stories i've heard so~~
Jamie (Jamie): ~~almost as bad as hussie's~~
Matt (mattmyers25): Extra life is a children's charity that helps kids in hospitals
Matt (mattmyers25): <@351471675843411978>
Marisa (Mawisa): It’s just to protect their image because otherwise if they let one person use it then that opens an argument for everyone to use it <:rip:378273525804433408>
Jess (whoozica): O yay
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): What
Marisa (Mawisa): A stream would be a good idea but what do we do for donations. Like, when we hit milestones or get a particularly large donation like if we get $50 from one person or reach $500
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Disney is a whole other animal. But. Cosplayers do their own calendars all the time as long as you make it obviously your own photos and not like. "rwby Calendar" but "this group calendar "
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://youtu.be/fMdu5l2FOcQ
Marisa (Mawisa): ~~I sound like a downer but I’m not tryna be I really want us to do calendars and streams I just don’t want us in trouble~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'm down for a stream but mostly im ready to get my ass kicked in whatever games u ppl want
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Nah we all paranoid it's understandable
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nahh i get your point Marisa.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Other cosplayers do calendars tho so idt it's. As much a concern. Like kamui does one
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Cosplay and corgis
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You're just being smart and looking st obvious possible road blocks
Georgia (Something Sensible): With extra life, do we have to videogame the whole time?
Marisa (Mawisa): The Rooster Teeth himself shows up midway through the stream and obliterates Georgia’s living room
Georgia (Something Sensible): Cause I think versatility is nice
Georgia (Something Sensible): People probably have questions about BNE considering we haven’t updated the Instagram profile LOL
Georgia (Something Sensible): We could do BAKING (the not drug kind)
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol guys let's get baked for charity 😛
Georgia (Something Sensible): And it could be 24 hours theoretically cause we have enough members for someone to always be awake
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol everyone passes out... I'm the only one awake <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>  cause I usually
Erik (Red Riot Thot): We don't have to do just video games
Marisa (Mawisa): Sleep stream. Camera on the sleepers for $5000000
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We could shower hunters feet for a donation milestone 😂
Georgia (Something Sensible): $20 and we’ll stream <@227431823062466569> feet
Erik (Red Riot Thot): But like streaming Jackbox and like Mario Kart or Smash should be cool but we could mix other activities like baking or just doing goofy things
Georgia (Something Sensible): REBECCA YES
ZombieHunter: Stop it
ZombieHunter: STOP THIS
Matt (mattmyers25): I can do a gaming stream with overwatch,Alex legends,and others I have. But we could do cooking, mini crafting stream, and drunk stream
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm yea doing a mix would be cool. I'm sure that'd be more interesting too cause not everyone may want to watch us just play video games
Georgia (Something Sensible): _do it for the kids hunter_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~lol donate this amonunt and we'll do you're dare you give us.~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh yeah crafting
Georgia (Something Sensible): We do that
Georgia (Something Sensible): I DONT TRUST THE PUBLIC REBECCA
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Watch build a massive mech cosplay! <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like Rooster Teeth I think has gaming going on the entire time, but most of what they actually show is little skits or activities
ZombieHunter: LEAVE MY GROSS ASS FEET OUT OF THIS
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And LMAO you right. God knows what people would dare us to do xD
Georgia (Something Sensible): FEET FEET FEET
ZombieHunter: 150 and someone has to touch them you douchebags
Marisa (Mawisa): We can hype up your feet as special guests all night
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LOL
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'll buy the Lego Millennium Falcon and just build that the whole time
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes
ZombieHunter: I told josh I’m gonna fight him
Georgia (Something Sensible): Oh yeah we could have multiple tables and just switch the camera between
ZombieHunter: Truth.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~*spends $800 so we can raise $500*~~
ZombieHunter: Erik no
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Watch us fight each other for charity
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol jk
ZombieHunter: I like a BNE stream group tbh
Georgia (Something Sensible): _dont lie Erik you wanted the legos anyways_
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~I do but I literally have nowhere to put it~~
Marisa (Mawisa): Can I be on camera to say hi to my mom
Georgia (Something Sensible): _put Adams face on a dart board_
Rebecca (madameterralupus): OMG
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just found this in a cosplay book that includes several copywrighted characters. Looks like a disclaimer would have us covered, though I'd still be in favor of asking permission
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Leanna and I just throw darts at is as the bees
Matt (mattmyers25): Building legos with erik
ZombieHunter: No
ZombieHunter: But wait
Georgia (Something Sensible): “For every 5 dollars donated I’ll remove one article of clothing” /wears 50 t-shirts
Mark (Mad Doctor): I will walk barefoot across Legos if we raise $137
ZombieHunter: <@!169297844874903552> <@!334090409389195266>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Omg
ZombieHunter: Consider
ZombieHunter: Not pin the tail on the donkey
ZombieHunter: But stick the brand on the *adam*
Georgia (Something Sensible): OMG
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Matt (mattmyers25): <@386567060026556417> it must be in the dark
ZombieHunter: >.>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Did someone mention feet yet
ZombieHunter: They did
Matt (mattmyers25): So when is this happening? And who has a gaming PC I can borrow lol
ZombieHunter: Go away
ZombieHunter: 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): If you watch the video I just posted, one of the guys had to roll shirtless across a long stretch of Legos as one of the milestone punishments
ZombieHunter: <@!289944569410224129>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea we gonna show hunters feet to raise monies.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): We don't need $20 we just need Hunter to pass out on the couch again
ZombieHunter: Fuck you guys
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ok lemme start getting official interest then
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😏👌🏻
ZombieHunter: Let’s do an extra life
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Or like. Blind face painting
ZombieHunter: And we can all advertise a night we do this
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Shot roulette
ZombieHunter: Bring in a ton of followers
ZombieHunter: Oh dear
Georgia (Something Sensible): BEANBOOZLED
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Or other dumb stuff for milestones. 
Shot roulette yes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Actually anything drinking related is probably a no go
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Let's get the Jones sodas tho
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@!301927856240459777>  can you acquire the spicy yaoi cookies
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Since we'd be streaming in the presence of underage people
Anna (loud and likely blonde): The ones that taste like. Grass. And other random objects
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We could do something different for each hour maybe. So we get a good mix?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Unless it's after Georgia's birthday
Marisa (Mawisa): UEAH I still have them but there’s only 12
Marisa (Mawisa): I’ve been dying to do them
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Take a shot of water to stay hydrated
Georgia (Something Sensible): 1 dollar is one cookie eaten
Marisa (Mawisa): I can try to import more
Georgia (Something Sensible): 12 dollars and someone’s gonna eat the jalapeño
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Take a shot of spiked water to stay hydrated
Erik (Red Riot Thot): One chip challenge
Marisa (Mawisa): It’s Russian roulette with 2 spicies and they’re unmarked
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i can't eat jalapenos~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): _ill take one for the team_
Matt (mattmyers25): Can we get a poll going for this about when to have it?
Marisa (Mawisa): It’s the stuff from Katsu
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'll do a habranero or like. Other spicy pepper tho. I just. Am allergic to jalapenos
Anna (loud and likely blonde): GHOST PEPPER IS IF SOMEONE DONATES $500
Marisa (Mawisa): If I could get there would I be allowed to help with the stream
Georgia (Something Sensible): YE
Georgia (Something Sensible): As far as availability I’m only busy April 6th for GREs and April 19th-20th Casey and Ethan are visiting
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Where would you be do we have to steal you away
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I dunno, still prefer the calendar idea.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Why not both
Marisa (Mawisa): ^
Matt (mattmyers25): Nothing says we cant do both
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Fair.
Marisa (Mawisa): I’d be outside longingly staring inside like the grinch seeing people celebrate Christmas as an orphan child
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m also free the weekend after Zenkai but we probably don’t all wanna see each other that soon again lol
Matt (mattmyers25): We can do mid April
Georgia (Something Sensible): 13th is kogaracon
Marisa (Mawisa): Mid April has kogaracon and Sakura Sunday ye
Marisa (Mawisa): End of April has cpac if anyone is going to that ~~and my nephews birthday~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): And may I can’t really guarantee cause til 15th I have finals and after that I may have an internship
Georgia (Something Sensible): But these are good ideas to kick around now cause I’ll start figuring out what my summer looks like soon
Marisa (Mawisa): is March too soon?
S U M M E R D U N K T A N K
Georgia (Something Sensible): OMG
Georgia (Something Sensible): 200 bucks and I’ll dunk full Pyrrha
Georgia (Something Sensible): And I’ll wear all my old Pre-remade Pyrrha stuff so I don’t ruin the new one lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): 50 bucks and I’ll drink Starbucks lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): That's how much it costs to buy one starbuck
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So... whos winning
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mood
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): There’s something weekend after Zenkai.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I’m free then
Jamie (Jamie): okay jumping in late about things other than games that could be done on streams and just *Try not to laugh challenges* like the ones smosh does cause honestly it would be fun and im sure we collectively have enough props and things for gags and stuff to pull on each other lol
Jamie (Jamie): oh also if we ever want to do full on event stuff I live with a guy who has run and done events for 10 years and he would be full of advise on that kinda thing lol
Marisa (Mawisa): Lip sync battle
Jamie (Jamie): *yes* 👀
Georgia (Something Sensible): Little red riot hood would make an appearance? 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 👀
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Maybe...
Jamie (Jamie): oh I want to suggest a gathering of BNE at an event in May for the philly ren faire
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Yes
Jamie (Jamie): 
Jamie (Jamie): jason is one of the owners and we got a box full of these people can use
Jamie (Jamie): we can help promote the faire and also have a fun ren faire day together as well
Jamie (Jamie): also its at an old fort and its just a really cool site
Anna (loud and likely blonde): We ain't doing this until finals are over for you guys that's non negotiable
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): ooof
Marisa (Mawisa): Would you say that that’s........ final
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): wait
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): meant to say oooh
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂 I was showing my dad the preview photo we got back from the DarliFa Thurs group... he points to me and goes who is that?? XD ~~He thought I was the Ichigo RIP~~
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OH GOOD NEWS GUYS!!! I'm getting off at 1PM on Friday so I'll be able to basically enjoy all of Zenkaikon.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What's everyones cosplans for Zenkai? I know I think I'm doing Toga Friday, Winter Saturday during the day, something Saturday night, and Sypha on Sunday.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Miiight do Charlie from Hazbin Hotel Saturday night.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): or maybe Jirou
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Chris and I are thinking of doing Jirou and Denki.
Matt (mattmyers25): I will probably be qrow sat and I have not decided what I want to do Sunday or Friday night yet
Mark (Mad Doctor): Honestly, I have no idea what I'm wearing, apart from the God of Light for the RWBY shoot. And after a costest of that yesterday...yeesh. despite getting a zentai suit for exactly my height and weight, the suit was so small that you couldn't even see that I had a neck. I looked like a shiny gold Patrick Star.
Mark (Mad Doctor): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Planning on doing Kirishima Friday, V2 Blake on Saturday, and Taiyang maybe sometime either of those days?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Maybe Taiyang the beginning of Friday to reduce amount of shirtless time in Kirishima since the BNHA shoot is in the evening
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing lol
ZombieHunter: Shoots open for Saturday at Zenkai
ZombieHunter: <@!229713389511901185> <@!169297844874903552> <@276514872286773258>
ZombieHunter: <@!334090409389195266> <@!245270932602486784>
