Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yo, not to be redundant but has everyone finalized their katsu lineup? and if so can ya'll list them cause now that im not doing star im all confused xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~and i wanna try to line up with some of you if possible~~
Matt (mattmyers25): I have mine done,I think
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Matt (mattmyers25): Thursday is hiro
Friday is qrow
Sat is hiro and I will break out the dressier part for the formal
Jess (whoozica): Thursday: Open Slot
Friday: Nora, Mina, Open Slot
Saturday: (San (Princess Mononoke), 2B, Wedding dress 2B
Sunday: MC (Mystic Messenger), Open Slot
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is the rwby shoot on friday?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): RWBY shoot is Friday 2-3
Matt (mattmyers25): I think it is. Also, we all should meet up at some point and hang or get food
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i think <@!245270932602486784> asked me to do penny pyrrha photos with her but im not 100% sure?
Jess (whoozica): i wont be at da rwby shoot but yall have da fun
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok so currently with all this its looking like:
Thurs: Kokoro
Friday: Penny
Sat: Spidergwen, ~~possible operator 6O~~, and Catra for the ball
and sunday: whatever im alive enough to put on
Anna (Cadmium): Fri: Grimm Yang
Fri pm/whenever the pj party is : PJ yang or maybe still Grimm Yang cause that's a lot of makeup 
Sat: Kodama + cosplay repair 
Sun: RWBYlands Pyrrha/Athena
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I still need to figure out what to do for the ball...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): doooooo raven again o3o
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't have the dress anymore since I ruined it with feathers at zenkai xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was thinking Shinoa cause found a cute flapper dress 🤔 or maybe Blake
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): either works! though being a cute AF flapper sounds fun
Jess (whoozica): i have 3 open slots  and too many/not enough options lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): <@!334090409389195266> DAMN YA LINE UPS DOPE and yeee Penny Pyrrha pics if we could
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!334090409389195266> we have a nier thing going saturday afternoon. You've got a shoot with me and Georgia for Pyrrha Penny in the morning.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 11:30.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YES thank i was about to ask for time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ill put it all in my calendar before i forget again
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): So if you 60 we have 2Butt Nines, A2, Adam already.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye i can whip together 60
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or 210
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): whichever fits better
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok so penny pyrrha is saturday morning, correct?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or friday
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Friday.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): excellent
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (Cadmium): How does the ball work exactly this is my first katsucon
Anna (Cadmium): Also like how is this my first katsucon.
Anna (Cadmium): How have I never done katsu
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it sounds fancier than it is, its basically like a high school dance and people dance like idiots around the side and people who actually know how to dance go on the dance floor
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): theres ballroom dancing lessons if youre so inclined
Anna (Cadmium): So it's not like cce where you have to be in specific dress code?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): there is a dress code
Erik (Red Riot Thot): You have to be in formal attire
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.katsucon.org/events/formal-ball/
Anna (Cadmium): So it is like cce then 
Ok maybe I'll pull out a dress and the yang wig idk
Anna (Cadmium): Wait my dress is white I'll still just be a kodama
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ye! last year i did yangs dress from the show and it was fine
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i thought i might have issues because it was backless and short but they didnt care so
Jess (whoozica): i was gonna do my yukkata 2b thingy bu thats really short so im just gonna wear my wedding dress cuz no one can tell me thats not formal enough
Anna (Cadmium): Uh. 
What happened that they have a note saying please don't wear something where the jaws of life might have to be used to get you out
Anna (Cadmium): hhhh idk my dress is short and doesn't have straps but like. So much wig maybe doesn't matter
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): prob corsets
Anna (Cadmium): How does a corset need jaws of life like those are what pull your car door off in an accident when u can't get out
Anna (Cadmium): Who welded themselves a corset
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): cosplayers are insane, i wouldnt be surprised
Anna (Cadmium): I'm high-key judging anyone who made themselves a metal corset
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): -slides welding machine and corset supplies under bed-
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): y-yea
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok but like could you imagine.... the fucking CHAFING
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I would want to follow them around and stick magnets to them
Anna (Cadmium): I barely survied in a bathing suit with chafing can u imagine
Anna (Cadmium): Oh. Maybe. Maybe they mean full suits of armor
Matt (mattmyers25): Rip
Anna (Cadmium): Like. Medieval armor
Anna (Cadmium): That would make sense
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~Alphonse Elric~~
Anna (Cadmium): I did actually think of that
Anna (Cadmium): What day of the con is the ball I can't find it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Saturday usually
Anna (Cadmium): Kk
Rebecca (madameterralupus): When I'm back on computer I'll link the two dresses I'm looking at for the two characters and y'all can decide who I do. Cause I'm too indescive xD
