Mark (Mad Doctor): For those of you familiar with kotoricon, is it at the main campus of Rowan, or the Gloucester branch campus? How easy is the event to find? I'll be driving the school bus again...
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Ooof.. I think it's the Gloucester banch, but <@184437198865563648> would know for sure
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Heads up for those going ice skating tomorrow, don't forget to wear appropriate socks. If you're like me and wear little no-show socks normally, its easy to forget that and you **will** have a bad time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): wear THICC bois
Tom (tomukuncosplay): OH YEAH
Tom (tomukuncosplay): MY ANKLE FUCKING DIED LAST YEAR YO
Anna (Cadmium): yeah someone remind me to wear my ankle brace
Anna (Cadmium): imma wear like. snowboarding socks
Georgia (Something Sensible): My handy dandy fallout socks never disappoint
Anna (Cadmium): Wait do you also have fallout 76 socks?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): <@!386567060026556417> Kotoricon is held on the county college Rowan bought, not Rowan’s main campus. Rowan college at Gloucester county. I haven’t been in two years, but unless things have changed there’s plenty of parking, the whole area is surround by it.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Gracias. The first convention I ever went to was a D&D convention at Rowan (back when it was Glassboro State) in 1982 when I was a wee lad of 14
Mark (Mad Doctor): People who complain about the hygiene of con goers should travel back in time to those days. Even my teenage boy self was shocked
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rowan’s campus actually has a hotel and convention center, but there anime club there could never run a con. ~~especially now that I’m gone~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Nah I got vault 111 socks and Tom has the same ones lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): They good thicc socks
Anna (Cadmium): ~~I still am amazed that RIT can run an anime convention as big as toracon is~~
Jess (whoozica): like the dye company?
Anna (Cadmium): LMAO no Rochester institute of technology
Anna (Cadmium): although honestly a dye company running a con would be awesome can you imagine how cosplay and craft oriented it would be
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yo theres a costume focused con in canada that i want to go to SO BAD
Anna (Cadmium): ~~what is it~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): please hold
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it moved to san diego
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its literally called costume con
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): it used to be in ontario
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): unless im confusing cons
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): idk
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but the important part is the one im talking about is in california now xD
Anna (Cadmium): ugh. 
then again. 
If it is in san diego. I have a cousin i can crash with
Anna (Cadmium): im sad though idk if Mag can make it to katsu now her grandparents arent doing well so she has no idea what feb is gonna look like
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): http://cc36sandiego.org/
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): aw :/ i hope they pull through and she can still come... i hope shes ok too
Anna (Cadmium): yeah its just theyre in ontario so if something happens she has to go   
im also hoping she can still make it cause shes been working hard and needs a break
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shes also been working really hard on cosplay stuff for katsu too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof
Anna (Cadmium): Yea so its like not good.
Jess (whoozica): 😭
Tom (tomukuncosplay): EXCUSE GEORGIA
Tom (tomukuncosplay): MINE ARE VAULT 101 👏
Tom (tomukuncosplay): V IMPORTANT DISTINCTION
Jess (whoozica): damn yall got the whole family
Anna (Cadmium): vault sock party?
Jess (whoozica): whos got new vegas socks?
Anna (Cadmium): imma wear mine tomorrow nowwwwww
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is most everyone still planning to go to ice skating and the cosplay workshop/hang out even though it's calling for a ton of snow??
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ye
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Checking cause my parents are fighting me on going but if most everyone is going still imma fight back to go....~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~I had to miss last year, I ain't missing this year!~~
Jess (whoozica): last time i drove in snow it cost me $500 im not going anywhere XD  ~~watch it wont even snow~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ```Marlboro, NJ, Sat night forecast - Snow showers. Low 26F. Winds light and variable. Chance of snow 40%. Snow accumulations less than one inch.```
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *40% and only one inch* Eh that ai't nothing.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Plus if I leave early enough and just watch what I am doing I'll be fine! It's not like I've never driven in snow before -.-
Jess (whoozica): as long as they slat the damn roads this time XD theyll probably go nuts because of the mistake with first storm and over prepare so youll probably be good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Tonight's gonna be fun after work arguing with them on this... ughhh
Anna (Cadmium): im coming from long island soooooooooooo
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah the snows mostly at night too
Georgia (Something Sensible): I figure the morning won’t look too bad
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also hunter is bringing his backdrop and lights tomorrow night so if anyone had cool picture ideas, bring ya stuff
Rebecca (madameterralupus): They seem to mostly be worried about Sunday but looking at the forecast it doesn't seem it'll be that bad?? Like the roads will be plowed by then soo 🙄 Idk. Still expect me to come. Im making sure I come lol. I aint missing out on fun
Georgia (Something Sensible): I personally think we should do a casual BNHA photosuite style with the funny hats and stuff
Georgia (Something Sensible): HELLA
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also we’re prob gonna livestream at some point (probably jackbox lets be real)
Georgia (Something Sensible): But also to help hunter announce the spring season of prints he’ll be doing
Georgia (Something Sensible): ~~and if enough people call for it, we can show <@227431823062466569>’s feet on the stream~~
ZombieHunter: No
Rebecca (madameterralupus): XDD
Anna (Cadmium): if. i get snowed in that would be tragic having to stay in jersey *evil plotting*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Cool picture idea: Kirishima doing ab workouts so he can fulfill his 30-day ab challenge quota
ZombieHunter: Yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): HELL YEAH
Georgia (Something Sensible): Stay in jersey! Stay in jersey!
Georgia (Something Sensible): For real tho my house is open
Anna (Cadmium): but am driving 2 more ppls
Anna (Cadmium): and do not want to impose
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol, we all just get fucking snowed in at Georgia's... oops XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): What a tragedy ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Georgia (Something Sensible): I mean if you can vouch for your +2 to be nice and fun and relatively-not-loud people it’s fine by me
Anna (Cadmium): if i stay in jersey i gotta borrow a sewing machine lmao
Anna (Cadmium): ye i lived with one of them for a year and the other is my boyfriend so
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye I don’t mind
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm bringing an extension cord with four (4) outlets btw
Georgia (Something Sensible): As long as we keep it to like 10 or less people
Georgia (Something Sensible): Cause we had like 30 at New Years and that got cray
Anna (Cadmium): Meaghan is very polite and would probs get into a gr9 discussion with Erik cause shes also a mechanical engineer
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I say that because I'm also bringing my sewing machine lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): FOUR (4) WHOLE OUTLETS
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And I know electrical outlets can a luxury
Anna (Cadmium): i will bring a 10' power strip
Jess (whoozica): what a mood
Georgia (Something Sensible): We need to form women in STEM Voltron
Anna (Cadmium): shes short she can be pidge
Anna (Cadmium): i say never having seen voltron
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I have no clue what I'm all bringing 🤷 Not much cause most stuff is done... so if anyone needs help on stuff hit me up cause my work stuff is minor lol'
Georgia (Something Sensible): I may need help making all these caps 😂
Anna (Cadmium): thats ok i need help sewing spandex
Georgia (Something Sensible): I have like 200 bottlecaps to put the label on, plus whatever y’all bring
Anna (Cadmium): ohhhh i can bring my paints
Rebecca (madameterralupus): > Finishes my stuff I bring
> Becomes everyones helper elf :p
Georgia (Something Sensible): Y’all can borrow materials from me too, I have bins full of paint
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also can someone bring their dremmel? I feel like mines kinda shit quality but I wanna see someone else’s to really gauge a feel
Anna (Cadmium): ye i gotchu
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): >doesnt know what to work on
>brings everything im currently still working on
>yea thats enough
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Only thing I mayyy need to borrow if I forget them if heat gun/hot glue. But gonna try not to forget
Erik (Red Riot Thot): My goal is to finish Kiri's last boot and Tai's shirt
Georgia (Something Sensible): Just wear penny and practice dropping to the floor
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I would bring my scythe to work on but ehhh too big. Too much outside work. It tool cold for that XD
Anna (Cadmium): please learn to death drop like that drag queen
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://giphy.com/gifs/reality-tv-drag-race-laganja-estranja-eroy7AoB8XOKc
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): god
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Last year Jamie was the death dropper. This year it will be Leanna XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i would probably break my leg
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ..thats  canon tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): so
Erik (Red Riot Thot): that's pretty much how I fell slipping on ice once
Erik (Red Riot Thot): but like, not that gracefully
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh my GOD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): or flexibly
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAOdfjkaslfhl
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): were you ok tho
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah I walked it off
Erik (Red Riot Thot): luckily didn't hit my head
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Keep in mind snow in Georgia's area is always significantly less than even mine, or yours. Further in land is worse than by her.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Typically.
Georgia (Something Sensible): Okay so headcount for sleepova: Me, Reiley, Erik, Leanna, Rebecca, Hunter, Anna, +2
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s perfectly 9
Georgia (Something Sensible): So if one more person wants to sleep in casa del Sandidge they are welcome
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH REI IS COMING?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <@!386624706612297729> is letting me know by tonight if she is coming along or not. I don't believe so though?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ye Reiley is wearin DEKU
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeee. What all BNHA squad we got so far?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YAAAAAAAAAAAAASS
Georgia (Something Sensible): OH JUSTIN IS COMING TOO okay we have 10, house is full
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): WOO
Georgia (Something Sensible): We’ll have _two_ Bakugos
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😮
Georgia (Something Sensible): And a Kiri, Denki, Ochako, and Deku
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Much explosions lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🌩 <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Georgia (Something Sensible): Gee Deku how come your mom lets you have TWO Bakugos
Erik (Red Riot Thot): *-Kirishima swooning-*
Georgia (Something Sensible): We need Erik going “hey Bakugo!” And both Leanna and Justin pop out like “wHAT”
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Please LOL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): was justin at NYE?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~*also, who's Justin?*~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im trying to figure out WHO he is
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee lol. Who is Justin? Have we met him?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Justin is my friend of like 5 years
Georgia (Something Sensible): He couldn’t come to New Years cause work (he works with old people) and Halloween cause he had to play Brad in rocky horror
Georgia (Something Sensible): But he was at my birthday
Georgia (Something Sensible): He’s kinda quiet, blonde, lil bit of beard, 5’8-9
Georgia (Something Sensible): @omnisnip3r on insta
Jess (whoozica): a good boi ™
Jess (whoozica): justin is v. nice
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'll probs recognize him when I see him lol. User name sounds familiar
Georgia (Something Sensible): He’s my 9S on Saturday of Katsu and also wearin Bakugo for the formal
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I don't really recognize him lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~same~~  but YAY NEW FRIEND
Anna (Cadmium): new friend??
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Fwiends? o3o
Georgia (Something Sensible): BNE is just like a flaming ball of fire rolling down a hill, scooping up whoever we knock into
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You right XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We're just a fucking tornado at this point lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): And it all started cause we wanted a couple rwbys for Konkon
Georgia (Something Sensible): It was originally just a shoot with me and Marisa
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Georgia (Something Sensible): 🎵 it started out with a con, how could it ever go on, it was only a con, _it was only a con_ 🎵
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ok so how many cookies do we need THIS time
Georgia (Something Sensible): Last time we made like 120 between 4 people and died
Georgia (Something Sensible): So... 240? 😂
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think 340 would be sufficient
Georgia (Something Sensible): That’s honestly probably 40 dollars worth of cookie dough and I’m here for it
Mark (Mad Doctor): Beacon
Northeast
Hero
Academia also works
Georgia (Something Sensible): OH THATS GOOD
Georgia (Something Sensible): Speaking of, I meant to throw up a poll
Mark (Mad Doctor): We'll need a second flag, though
Erik (Red Riot Thot): jESS AND i ARE ON IT
Mark (Mad Doctor): https://i.imgur.com/ErGuk09.gif
Georgia (Something Sensible): We’ll be like one of the bar and grills where the walls are entirely flags
Jess (whoozica): FLAGS
Anna (Cadmium): shit i need to get ramen things
Anna (Cadmium): Georgia do you have a compressor for ur airbrush
Anna (Cadmium): like if i bring my brush can i borrow compressor
ZombieHunter: I have cheap compressor
ZombieHunter: 😂😂😂
ZombieHunter: <@!245270932602486784> get non sugar cookies too
Jess (whoozica): ooo if i was coming id make you some i have a pretty good gluten/sugar free recipe i use
Anna (Cadmium): i have a compressor its just large lmao
ZombieHunter: I meant last time all we made were actual sugar cookies.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): we had chocolate chip too
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): not enough chocolate chip
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): need more
ZombieHunter: Okay chocolate is overwhelming sometimes. Need more milk.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): is anyone allergic to peanut butter?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I agree with Leanna
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): can we do peanut butter this time
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀
Jess (whoozica): actually what i make is tech low sugar 🤔 but only sugar is from chocochip
ZombieHunter: :3
ZombieHunter: Pls for diabetes
Georgia (Something Sensible): I have compressor yes
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also so I’ll get more chocolate chip this time?
Anna (Cadmium): ye
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Pfft I jsut realized most of my Katsu line up's is grey/black/white. Such dull color variety. Only have a bit of color with Raven lol
Matt (mattmyers25): Well, raven is a colorful character XD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Kogaracon panel apps are (still?) open.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.facebook.com/kogaracon/posts/2217957821810660?__xts__%5B0%5D=68.ARA1ObfQW4zdfwC8oDcGjBCqgcRL9RyanDanqmxmwxLl99ayf7OTekDuBvOxqdoujEyLNgSaWJGEhHPfk9knxSfTuD4L0AFJxUFF6SP_Vl9tfw_IeBKOO7txw83XfqCeG99BZg1mLk1L0r-kTot6uo_yNPalVckv0_pmZrVHCYWUjo2ILvRel2W1k1YjNb3L0OJJXDtUlGdkb_o9rnIR8EVrS9kszEDZkQPdKooI8JOlwk6FDiy__fxxuMK1e00lSkHPFvfQIi9KNs5KZy3-Bp-NWnXsYBk5AfB-4RLOJxIY8USV9qpTdsyRi2IaumaHxxzySP7GV3A5h7JwcUlEKnr67LE9u5O34-nrplzb7aIFQRC0NbASn7MXNxrpmH7b4b9TPJEV91klLwv43w&__tn__=-R
Rebecca (madameterralupus): When is this Kogaracon? 😮
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Nevermind I see the date now lol
Mark (Mad Doctor): I thought there was an admission fee at Laurel Hill cemetery, but it's "donation suggested".  Might be a good venue for this year's BNE shoot
Georgia (Something Sensible): PYRRHA IN THE CEMETERY YEEHAW
Georgia (Something Sensible): I would maybe submit to Kogaracon hm hm hm
Anna (Cadmium): ~~thats homestuck day though~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~if bees are even suggested as canon tomorrow ya'll can expect me to come to ice skating in my bee kigu and yang wig instead of bakugou, i'm already having heart palpitations~~
