Jess (whoozica): What the actual heck tho that's so mean
Jess (whoozica): Poor kids
Jamie (Jamie): Them conservative mum see their naked body and gauge out their eyes its too sinful for them
Mark (Mad Doctor): Fresh from their outrage at CCE...
Anna (loud and likely blonde): On a lighter note y'all ready for me to bust these out at the rwby pj party ?
Georgia (Something Sensible): o YA
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Heck yaaaa
Anna (loud and likely blonde): We can all make friendship BNE bracelets and all the weeb ones ur heart desires
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I'mma pick up another pack of letter beads this week
Anna (loud and likely blonde): And some more string.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~i have a bees bracelet already let's make more~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 👀 🐝
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌 ❤
Anna (loud and likely blonde): But also small children love getting these and I like making children happy
Marisa (Mawisa): I can’t wait for us to eat them
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Forbidden kandi
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Excuse me while I figure out how to attach this leg chain to my torso
Marisa (Mawisa): Superglue
Marisa (Mawisa): Hope you like permanent attachment
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just bought some of this stuff but haven't tested it yet. Supposed to be as strong as spirit gum with less stank https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B011M4QBX2?psc=1&ref=ppx_pop_mob_b_pd_title
Anna (loud and likely blonde): If I'm done with katsucrunch this week  I'm gonna poke around flushing this weekend
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Poke around flushing?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the park
Anna (loud and likely blonde): idk i need motivation to finish early
Jess (whoozica): Katsucon schedule is out on guidebook app
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): FUCK YEA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): finally
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): when's the formal?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): fack is it online or do i need the app
Anna (loud and likely blonde): also for anyone who might need it. pasquale is gonna be carrying my full repair kit all weekend if you're afraid of stuff falling apart
Jess (whoozica): 8-10 staurday
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oh good as expected.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): catch me lightning changing from a kodama to weiss
Jess (whoozica): https://guidebook.com/g/o3lmwfyjow5ht1kcaozqg2hs9-20180720141119/
Marisa (Mawisa): They really shouldn’t put stuff not available to the public on the schedule, like the funi lounge
Anna (loud and likely blonde): "How do i clean that? For lolita fashion" whelp im goin to that
Jess (whoozica): is the funimation lounge exclusive?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i feel they should have like a checklist and be able to filter by what tix/clearance u got
Jess (whoozica): at anyc it wasnt
Marisa (Mawisa): Yeah it’s for industry members only at Katsu, unless they changed it last year
Marisa (Mawisa): How come I can’t add the one thing I wanna go to to my schedule ;u;
Marisa (Mawisa): The masquerade is at *two*?
Marisa (Mawisa): Why in the world is it so early and why is it 4 hours long
Marisa (Mawisa): Has the formal ball always been so late
Jess (whoozica): idk it was same last year
Marisa (Mawisa): I feel like it used to be earlier but also I remember it being dark
Marisa (Mawisa): I can’t believe the masquerade is so early aaaa
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Anyone wanna air their grievances
Anna (loud and likely blonde): "why are you worse than the LIRR at putting up your schedule?"
"Why do you set group photoshoots to be a half hour long? "
Jess (whoozica): lmao theres a panel on drink pairinf for anime
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~do we get samples~~
Jess (whoozica): HA doubt it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): side note toracon has a panel thats 'physics of anime titty' and the ppl hosting are math majors and are gonna do math on it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im ecited
Mark (Mad Doctor): I read an article by a woman who worked as a "breast animator" in Japan who talked about her work. She learned very quickly to stop saying "but that's not how they work!"
Mark (Mad Doctor): I want to send a copy of the schedule to Audrey (who doesn't have guidebook). Is it available online anywhere?
Marisa (Mawisa): You can find it online here
Marisa (Mawisa): https://guidebook.com/g/o3lmwfyjow5ht1kcaozqg2hs9-20180720141119/
