Erik (Red Riot Thot): None of the classes I ever took had midterms lol
Anna (Cadmium): Why didn't I go to your schools what. 
One class I had three midterms in. Three. 
One semester I had a midterm every week except the first three weeks and last two weeks.
Anna (Cadmium): We had midterm season not midterms week
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof. That sounds absolutely horrendous... like what the heck D:
Anna (Cadmium): *plus homework every week for every class*
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ooooh you don't realize how crowded the Gazebo is, do you?
Anna (Cadmium): *4:00PM*
Marisa (Mawisa): there should be some free space on top of the gazebo
Marisa (Mawisa): climb
Marisa (Mawisa): [s] homestuck cosplayers: ascend
Mark (Mad Doctor): Paragliders will be available for Link cosplayers who want to make use of the underutilized space behind the gazebo
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That’d be amazing tbh.
Anna (Cadmium): is it bad i just want to be that person that takes cosplay photos in ridiculous places
Marisa (Mawisa): so, a jojo? ;3c
Marisa (Mawisa): oh wait places not poses
i can read
Marisa (Mawisa): i promise
Anna (Cadmium): lmfao
Evie (Katheryne Knight): That's not a bad thing at all

Ive seen Assassin's Creed cosplayers take photos in areas that they could fall to their death in
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Got yelled at during anime next cause chat and ladybug were standing on a railing next to a 4 floor drop. <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (Cadmium): to be fair. if its in a con. yeah its yelling time. 
if ur your own self and just decide to scale a wall? natural selection
Matt (mattmyers25): Apparently there is another rwby shoot Friday at katsu at 12 around the fountain
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:shocked_pikachu:511737009610424351>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): So there's one at 12 and 2 on Friday?? O.o
Matt (mattmyers25): Apparently. Hosted by 2 different people if I'm right
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh that must be hosted by the incapable people
Georgia (Something Sensible): they didnt show up to the shoot so bill ended up running it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yikes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lmao, then hard pass
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Is the 2pm one hosted by you Georgia?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Georgia isn't hosting one.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Jackie is hosting friday iirc. Then who ever these people are.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Is there a saturday?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh okay lol
Matt (mattmyers25): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Someone in the BNHA group I'm in is running it apparently
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Think that's last year's "hosts".
Erik (Red Riot Thot): she said *"hopefully [it will] run much more smoothly than last year"*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oof... half hour shoot? yikes
Erik (Red Riot Thot): for *that many* RWBYs?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol it's gonna be same as the one at the fountain last year. You get all team RWBY and barely anyone else
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'd recommend against that shoot, that's for sure.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I might check it out just to watch the chaos
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oof I was hoping it would be Saturday guess Ill just have to be dead mom for the shoot
Georgia (Something Sensible): yeah they usually submit for saturday
Georgia (Something Sensible): idk why they inched on friday this year
Matt (mattmyers25): Jamie, bring the tombstone
Georgia (Something Sensible): jackies done friday the last 3 years
Evie (Katheryne Knight): We can hold our own meet up on Saturday XD
Matt (mattmyers25): Bne meet up
Rebecca (madameterralupus): BNE meet up with a mismatch of characters XD Yes good
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I didn't break my ass over Winters rework for nothing

Sucks cause we already cemented our STRQ group for Friday RIP
Georgia (Something Sensible): like i dont wanna be a jerk, im sure this person is very nice, but they insist on running the photoshoot every saturday of katsucon
Georgia (Something Sensible): and they never do it right
Georgia (Something Sensible): last year they didnt show up, their friend had to run it, the FRIEND showed up late, and bill ran it
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof
Evie (Katheryne Knight): YEP that was a hot mess
Georgia (Something Sensible): so it gets me fired up that they insist on running the shoot when theyre completely incapable
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yeeee.
Georgia (Something Sensible): and katsucon is incapable to designate the fountains to be the "big" meet up spot
Mark (Mad Doctor): Props to Bill for turning a complete clusterfuck into a minor disaster
Georgia (Something Sensible): that area holds maybe 50-70 comfortably, they need to use the hallway like homestucks did in years past to accomodate 100-200 people
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Thanks Mark.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee the fountain is not a good area for meet ups that are big series. Too crowded and not enough space
Mark (Mad Doctor): The Saturday experience is one of the reasons I steered away from RWBY for Katsu
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Not as bad as Overwatch but still bad
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Katsu groups larger than 6 people are doomed to fail.
Marisa (Mawisa): can't wait for our dangan ronpa group to fail <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hold up
Marisa (Mawisa): just gotta get there early to claim your spot, or use the back hallways
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's a 30 minire shoot
Evie (Katheryne Knight): ITS A 30 MINITE SHOOT WE ARE NEVER GONNA GET TO ANYONE BUT TEAM RWBY AMD JNPR
Marisa (Mawisa): 30 seconds for each call. no transitions. perfect for a 30 minute shoot.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
Rebecca (madameterralupus): That's what happened last year pretty much, Evie. It was a mess lol
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): everyone just runs in a giant circle.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm glad I'm gonna be Summer that shit is comfy
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): action poses.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I CAN MOVE
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And not die 
So Summer will be perfect
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm gonna bake so many cookies
Mark (Mad Doctor): Do the rwby shoot as a mannequin challenge
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm excited more for the Zenkai shoots cause they are always more fun tbh

Less formal
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): yup.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And we get through everything cause you don't need to reserve space
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Unless you have a crusty lawfirm come and yell at Zenkai staff
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause we are "disrupting their business"
Mark (Mad Doctor): "We want our business to be in the center of a city, but we don't want city life to interfere with our calm"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Basically what happened. I felt so sorry for the staff lady.
Anna (Cadmium): fuk
Anna (Cadmium): imma be grimm yang
Anna (Cadmium): maybe i can just make ppl not make me run
Anna (Cadmium): theres no way a half hour is enough
snow ( karma chameleon ): @everyone who is planning on going to the Friday rwby meetup?
Anna (Cadmium): which one
snow ( karma chameleon ): at katsu
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): there's two now.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im going to the 2pm one
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm aiming to be at the 2pm one.
snow ( karma chameleon ): Jackie’s?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ye
snow ( karma chameleon ): there’s a problem.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 2pm one for me too. Better timing for me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm aiming for 12 cause I need to be in Chinese Dress Neo for a 4PM private shoot
Rebecca (madameterralupus): What's the problem that came up Snow? 😮
Anna (Cadmium): EVERYONE REACT WITH A 2 TO THIS POST IF U GOING AT 2 AND  A 1 FOR THE EARLY ONE.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah whats up Snow?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~thats better done in announcements anna~~
Jess (whoozica): Yea I might stop by the noon one for the hell of it since I won't be in rwby anymore by the 2
snow ( karma chameleon ): I’m good friends with Jackie and katsu told her no.
Anna (Cadmium): ~~fair~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): katsu told her "youre not official"
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Wait what????
Georgia (Something Sensible): katsu didnt say "you cant run it"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Katsu told her no? O.o Why?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It wasn't official last year.
Marisa (Mawisa): i'll be too busy probably. maybe i can stop by to just watch. i have someone begging me to do a 5th friday costume but i'm turning them down
Mark (Mad Doctor): Can't they move it to a hallway?
Georgia (Something Sensible): katsu said "signing is the same time so we cant guarantee youa spot" but signing doesnt use that area anyways SO we're okay
snow ( karma chameleon ): They added the hallway as an official photoshoot place
Anna (Cadmium): is she just gonna take the word official off
snow ( karma chameleon ): she’s changing the time.
Georgia (Something Sensible): jackie hasnt been official the last 3 years, she'll be fine
Marisa (Mawisa): "official unofficial shoot"
Anna (Cadmium): id rather go to Jackie's but im goint to both
Evie (Katheryne Knight): What time is she changing it to?
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'd rather go to Jackie's cause it's more chill. I'll just have to do a quick change
Georgia (Something Sensible): oh wait jackie just updated me 3 mins ago
snow ( karma chameleon ): lol
snow ( karma chameleon ): it’s gonna be at 11 am I think
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh no
Rebecca (madameterralupus): D: FUCK
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think my private shoot is then
snow ( karma chameleon ): yeah my dudes
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): same
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): with georgia
Jess (whoozica): Ooo NVM I'll go to Jackie's then if it's 11
Evie (Katheryne Knight): OOF
I'll be able to make it just pumpnme with coffee
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like inject beans into ke
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Guess I'm fucked on going to a rwby meet up. Oh well 🤷
Jess (whoozica): Or I'll stop by both dunno yet
Georgia (Something Sensible): i told jackie to keep the 2 pm time slot
Anna (Cadmium): <@!229713389511901185>  u and me both
Anna (Cadmium): whelp,. just keep us updated
Georgia (Something Sensible): at worst, the hallway is roomy so we could meet there and march elsewhere
snow ( karma chameleon ): Yeah bc another shoot is going on at the same time
snow ( karma chameleon ): so we’ll see
Georgia (Something Sensible): _the other shoot can suck an egg_
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.facebook.com/events/201273664095890/ follow the event folks, best way to know.
snow ( karma chameleon ): they’re ‘’’’’official’’’’’’
Jess (whoozica): i probably wont worry too much about getting to either XD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Same. I'll probs just go if I can/remember. Follow the masses (i.e. you guys lol)
Georgia (Something Sensible): the hallway is so big though, katsu really dropped the ball with this "official meet up coordinating system"
Georgia (Something Sensible): ive hated it ever since they established it
Georgia (Something Sensible): the hallway is so big, it held 500 homestucks like shut the fuck up katsu, more than one group can be there
Anna (Cadmium): more like if youre gonna do officials maybe announce them more than  A SINGLE MONTH IN ADVANCE
Anna (Cadmium): LIKE HAVE THEM BY NEW YEARS
Rebecca (madameterralupus): *500 homestucks... holy shit*
Anna (Cadmium): one for each character
Anna (Cadmium): amazing
Georgia (Something Sensible): im pretty sure that katsus photoshoot team is run by people who have never coordinated a meet up
Anna (Cadmium): hmmmmmmm maybe this year we can get lots of ppl to give feedback on specifically the meetups
Georgia (Something Sensible): they say the gazebo, fountain, and hallway are the only shoot locations, and incorrectly estimate that the hallway holds "only 30"
Georgia (Something Sensible): like no you weiners its held 500 with plenty of extra space
Georgia (Something Sensible): IT GETS ME SO HEATED
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Katsu doesn't care, they just want to keep those areas under control.
Anna (Cadmium): i mean. according to fire code probably
Anna (Cadmium): but.
Anna (Cadmium): *youre katsucon figure it the fuck out**
Georgia (Something Sensible): i wish there was a con more cosplay event geared
Georgia (Something Sensible): i couldnt give less of a shit about autographs and whatever
Anna (Cadmium): guess we gotta RUN OUR OWN
Erik (Red Riot Thot): oof the 11am would have worked better for me... I'll probably have to leave halfway through the 2pm to change into Kirishima
Georgia (Something Sensible): BEACONCON
Anna (Cadmium): honestly
Rebecca (madameterralupus): BNE-Con
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~Katsu is cosplay con~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): Bea-Con
Anna (Cadmium): yus
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~might turn out like tanacon~~
Anna (Cadmium): nah we arent morons
snow ( karma chameleon ): pls
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOL
snow ( karma chameleon ): love that for us
Georgia (Something Sensible): whos gonna buy the ball pit
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I kidna want to go to the 2pm one but also unsure if I want to be in Raven that long xD
I'll probs decide the day of lol
Anna (Cadmium): we just gotta take the lessons from dashcon and tanacon
Anna (Cadmium): <@!169297844874903552>  just take her off immediately after that shoot
Anna (Cadmium): join me in hell ill be grimm yang as long as possible
Anna (Cadmium): like strip mid walk back to room
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh I deff am. just ugh 10-2pm... XD And lmao you know I will. Cause oof them leggy thigs
Anna (Cadmium): although honestly like. ive booked ballrooms/hotel areas for things just not cons sooooo like honestly if we just had a cosplay festival
Anna (Cadmium): theres gotta be places where its pretty and popular to take pictures
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): It wouldn't be impossible.
Anna (Cadmium): or we just start our own
Matt (mattmyers25): So when is the good rwby shoot Friday at katsu?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 2
Anna (Cadmium): although i feel itll dribble in from the 12 noon one
Georgia (Something Sensible): fuck the noon one
Georgia (Something Sensible): 30 minutes isnt enough
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yeaaaaaa
Georgia (Something Sensible): _im heated when people are not good organizers and it ruins everyone elses day_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): they wont get through anyone
Georgia (Something Sensible): i was so angry last year at the shoot omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): bill and i were giving like exasperated eye rolls across the fountain area
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): the other group wont clear out till quarter past noon.
Anna (Cadmium): think someone can sneak a megaphone in
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Staff usually has one.
Marisa (Mawisa): non-staff megaphone would get shut down real quick
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): The only reason you got to do the transforming dress bit was cause I hacked the shoot, yeah.
Georgia (Something Sensible): ^^^^^
Matt (mattmyers25): 60-90 mins is a better time frame for a shoot
Anna (Cadmium): fair. maybe we can get a sympathetic staff member who gives a crap
Anna (Cadmium): or one of us has to apply to work for katsucon next year and infiltrate
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): https://www.facebook.com/events/201273664095890/permalink/232683274288262/?ref=1&action_history=null
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Jackie's asking for opinions on moving shoot versus running with it.
Marisa (Mawisa): they wouldn't trust a newbie to help with organization of something that big, unless you have considerable con experience. katsucon's staff is run a bit odd, i know a lot of people on it
Anna (Cadmium): ~~befriend someone to infiltrate~~
Anna (Cadmium): hire an organizer to be hired by katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): i actually think the shitty rwby host is friends with someone on the photoshoot staff
Marisa (Mawisa): the only people cons hire are usually a third party company to set up the dealer's room (rent the curtains behind dealers and whatnot), everyone else is 100% volunteer
Georgia (Something Sensible): i sent an angry email like 3 years ago and they dismissed me
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I'll just go to the 2PM and rush into Cheongsam neo wanna go to a shoot with friends
Anna (Cadmium): is the shitty rwby host the host this time?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): shitty host is the official, 12pm shoot.
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Okay yeah I'm going to 2PM
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Im not dealing with that
Anna (Cadmium): ~~so if i end up getting injured because of this shitty host's poor planning feel free to use me as leverage~~
Anna (Cadmium): aka; if i get bowled over
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm gonna tell all my friends to go to the later shoot XD
Heather (batgoddesscosplay): Sad rwby
Jess (whoozica): I prob won't go to either then I cant make the 2 cuz I want plenty big time to body paint for Mina by 4
Marisa (Mawisa): is anybody entering the hall costume contest friday of katsu? or anybody who wants to wait in line with me because that line takes forever
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): YEA
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): when
Marisa (Mawisa): we can discuss the social ramifications of hard boiled eggs in ancient japan
Marisa (Mawisa): WOO
Marisa (Mawisa): i have a shoot from 4 to 4:30 and then i'm lining up right after it so i can be there when it starts at 5
Anna (Cadmium): ill wait in line i aint got shit
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): yeeee
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i'll go whenever you do marisa
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And since if you go together you’ll be out around the same time, can we just do Katarina and Penny “together” after the contest? You’ll just hit me up when you’re done?
Anna (Cadmium): idt anything im wearing counts bc idk if anything im wearing for katsu can actually be entered in the contest
Marisa (Mawisa): ye boi
i'm hoping by getting before it starts we won't have to wait too long because last time i waited like 3 hours, but also getting it out of the way earlier will ease my anxiety about not being able to participate
Marisa (Mawisa): what'll you be wearing? :0 give it a try!
Marisa (Mawisa): yeah i double-checked, i currently have 4:30+ as "wait for hall contest" and fidget with the costume in the hallway
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): <@266718984571846656>  I'm going to the Friday shoot
Anna (Cadmium): Grimm yang, kodama, and then rwbylands. rwbylands is out cause it has no original art, kodama would be a stretch, and grimm yang has one (1) art piece
Marisa (Mawisa): you're making grimm yang from scraaahhh wait no yeah that's fanart 😭
Marisa (Mawisa): 😭
Marisa (Mawisa): solution: make a new costume
Anna (Cadmium): I mean technically the only applicable one is kodama cause its a gijinka
Anna (Cadmium): not worth honestly i just wanna have fun
Marisa (Mawisa): contests can be fun! ;u; I've met a lot of really cool and nice people from them
but also they stressful and will make your hair fall out
Anna (Cadmium): ye its fine i need to get my second submission ready for toracon though
Anna (Cadmium): you need to have a like 80% complete submission by feb 2nd or something
Marisa (Mawisa): a bit sad katsu doesn't allow hall entries to walk during the masquerade because those are the funnest and funniest times. sitting in the dark with a bunch of nervous people munching on free sandwiches.
Marisa (Mawisa): ooo whatcha makin for that?
Anna (Cadmium): dats rwbylands
Anna (Cadmium): Pyrrha/Athena
Anna (Cadmium): cell shading HELL
Marisa (Mawisa): the suffering makes it gorgeous
Anna (Cadmium): the suffering makes the leg pieces amazing
Anna (Cadmium): hang on
Georgia (Something Sensible): The event is up for the official RWBY shoot if anyone cares
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’d also like to share this little particularly entertaining bit
Mark (Mad Doctor): They spelled Jo-Ann wrong
Matt (mattmyers25): It's a trap
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Anna (Cadmium): that needs to be a new reaction
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fixed it
Anna (Cadmium): ~~should i ask how we're gonna manage a photoshoot in a half hour or should that pot be unstirred~~
Jess (whoozica): That seems to be more katsus doing? But not sure
Mark (Mad Doctor): Conga line
