Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just a heads up, Zenkai registration goes up in price in about 2 weeks
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof better get my ticket
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~oh shit. Guess better get it soon...~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah it's currently $50. Jumps up to $60 on the 19th
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof :/
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 10 days guys
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): -sobs in con crunch-
Jess (whoozica): mood
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~im dabbing to hide my tears~~
Jess (whoozica): *cries in hype but also anxiety*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): MOOD
Marisa (Mawisa): Is it really 10 days
oh no
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://data.whicdn.com/images/316382229/large.jpg
Marisa (Mawisa): No time to dab we gotta see
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i mean most of my shit is done, but i have no motivation left so its gonna be tough to get the rest done xD
Marisa (Mawisa): I still have to make the bulk of my stuff hehe
Erik (Red Riot Thot): my goal for tonight is to finish construction of my chest armor. then I have like a week to stress over painting
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh it's not done?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): lol no
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what else you have to do beside paint
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also good luck maris xD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I have to make some modifications to the back piece and add some detail, then add the shoulder straps
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and possibly modify the buckkle attachments
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ooooooooohhhh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): well it looks really good so far, did you end up doing the channeling on the back to get the shape?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): the way that the piece curves around my body makes the "locking" part of the buckle useless so I can't make it tight so I gotta just glue the strap to the tightness I need and pray
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I didn't do any channeling yet. Planning on doing that after getting the rest of the shape perfected
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof, make sure to bring superglue in case of emergency
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or hot glue
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): idk whats easier
Erik (Red Riot Thot): me neither lol
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ill bring extra buckles to katsu in case of emergency
Erik (Red Riot Thot): also, boss approved my vacation and leaving early on Thursday foro Katsu <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): sandwiching ur elastic/straps between your foam and a piece of 2mm craft foam has worked wonders for me btw
Erik (Red Riot Thot): good to know
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ye its holding the strap on my chest armor (that has to be under a lot of tension) without budging
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~with liberal amounts of contact cement~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I also attached prior to painting so I don't have to worry about paint peeling up lol. Just gotta mask those bits off when I plastidip ~~if I even can because my mom's been using the garage to park her car in there~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): is not cold so maybe itll be warm enough to do it just in the driveway?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): its supposed to be really warm tomorrow
Anna (loud and likely blonde): PAINTIN' DAY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like above 50, idk about where you live
Erik (Red Riot Thot): then I *really* need to finish constructing tonight
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but here its gonna hit 60s
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i believe in u
Erik (Red Riot Thot): tomorrow's high is showing 58
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^ ah yea good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): painting time
Anna (loud and likely blonde): lol im done foam i just need to finish sewing
Jess (whoozica): I still have to:
Seal Magnhild
Rebuild Noras shirt
Take in 2B so she fits me better
Attach ears for Mononoke to the hood

not too bad, then ill probably try to help tom with his stuff
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i have to figure out how to get my horns under the edge of my wig but still on my forehead
Marisa (Mawisa): pattern and sew the designs on Katarina’s skirt
Make the chiffon skirt and attach it to something idk what yet 
Add ribbon and a waistbands to the hoop skirt
Finish the jacket trim and alter the sleeves because I made them too tight
Make the gloves, collar, hair ribbon
Style Katarina, Emma, corn, and ray wigs
Remake corn’s headband and brooch
Make ray’s jacket and gloves and maybe his cravat I gotta see how the one I have works
Make Katarina’s cravat and the loop things
Do everything for Ralsei
Marisa (Mawisa): Oh and Katarina’s shoes. The eyelet pliers should be coming today so I should attach the fabric to the shoe base and shape the plastic to go over the toes/heel
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oof girrrllll 😱
Marisa (Mawisa): nbd
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): she'll do this all in the 3 days leading up to the con.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😱
Marisa (Mawisa): I’ve got homework to do today but I can multitask
Rebecca (madameterralupus): If I cancel out doing the Raven belt circle things all I gotta do is add a ribbon to gambol shroud and im done XD ~~~aside fro packing.~~
Jamie (Jamie): Guys i wanna do gathering of friends on Friday of katsu to celebrate birthday and so if you want in and have ideas to do let me know cause i mean my main idea is just the formal but getting a group to go to the irish pub is also in the plans
Rebecca (madameterralupus): O.O I AM IN
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lets get crunk and drunkkk
Jamie (Jamie): Yasss i expect to be well into my sinful drinks each night of the con so after 9 im fucked up and being crazy child
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~can my katsu roommates come? they prob gonna be attached to my hip, but i wanna do irish pub!!~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~can your katsu roommates drink~~
Jamie (Jamie): Yes do it hoping to gain the firepits outside of it ~~if its not killer cold~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~ye they drink~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol they were so hard to eat on last year though XD
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Drinks at the gaylord bar on lobby level who's in
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Remember I spilled my drink on Monica? XD
Jamie (Jamie): <:pewish:420824457918152704> <:fingerguns:453385855470534657>
Anna (loud and likely blonde): someone remind me to take my teeth out and leggo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Take your teeth out?! 😮
Anna (loud and likely blonde): grimm yang teeth
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *i realize i should have specified*
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohhh right XD
Jamie (Jamie): Yes all drinks (but also im bring all the vodka and it will be in my room for who wants to partake in it with me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was likeWHAT
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh im a vodka slut
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): sign me up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I got the gin for me Erik and Jess
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i bought bulk pedialyte water addtive for anyone who needs a hangover cure
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Oh yeee I should DM my roomies on food and drink shit for our room lol~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): and anyone else who enjoys the refined flavor of a G+T
Jess (whoozica): omg anna i love u
Jess (whoozica): the formal is saturday tho right?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we assume
Anna (loud and likely blonde): have they posted their damn schedule yet
Jamie (Jamie): Is it im trying to figure that out im used to zenkai friday
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Should be Sat yea
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I need Matt to bring his Qrow flask so I can drink out of it all weekend XD
Jamie (Jamie): XD
Matt (mattmyers25): No one better throw up in the bathroom this year. And also eat food
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LOL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We'll have plenty of food.
Jamie (Jamie): Oi im not in room your fine and i was fiiiiine i didnt make any messes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol she cleaned it up! She was finneee
Rebecca (madameterralupus): At least she didnt leave it XD
Jamie (Jamie): Yea yea!
Matt (mattmyers25): You do know the gaylord has a club right?
Jamie (Jamie): Though I dont plan to sleep part of night in bathroom this year so uh yea
Jamie (Jamie): Yes I do i missed out on it last year sadness
Matt (mattmyers25): You could go there
Rebecca (madameterralupus): You slept in the bathroom?!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Whaattt
Jamie (Jamie): Uh part of the night yes xD then woke felt better so crawled back into the bed to pass back out xD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Also I remember hearing of this club. I kinda wanna check it out.~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): AND LOL GURRRLLL. Did you just sleep on the floor??
Jess (whoozica): yea i wanna check out the club too at some point
Jamie (Jamie): The other roomie bees friend gave me pillow and blanket i was good
Jamie (Jamie): She took care of me i liked her
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh geez XD
Jamie (Jamie): Im not a party girl but when i am you know im at an anime con
Rebecca (madameterralupus): TRUE
Matt (mattmyers25): I heard go Friday or Thursday night. The line on Saturday is long as hell
Jamie (Jamie): I remember seeing that line at my drunk friend i made Sat night had been up there and i hope i meet her again this year because she was a rockin bad ass who raved with me the last 20 minutes of the rave it was amazballs
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah I wanna head up to the club this year.
Jamie (Jamie): Bne takes over the club?
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yes lol
Matt (mattmyers25): I think the club is on the 19th floor
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Which we may be on lol. RIP~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SOON.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 🙌🏻🙌🏻
Jess (whoozica): Omg plz
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I just realized how *late* that is.
Marisa (Mawisa): Give us panel times
Anna (loud and likely blonde): im sorry like. katsucon is worse than the long island railroad
Marisa (Mawisa): Not late it’s right on time if they release it this week
Anna (loud and likely blonde): with putting up times
Mark (Mad Doctor): So it looks like CPAC (the annual gathering of conservatives, not the Castle Point Anime Convention) will miss Katsu by two weeks this year. So no  hilarious cultural intersections
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Unfortunate.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Audrey saw a panicking mother in the restroom last year, telling her wide eyed brood "Don't make eye contact with them!". I saw another mom yank her kids away from some princess cosplayers, saying "That's not the REAL Elsa!" The kids were heartbroken
