Georgia (Something Sensible): 52 snippets of video from katsu
Georgia (Something Sensible): some are 10 seconds some are 2 minutes
Georgia (Something Sensible): phew
Jess (whoozica): DAMN
Georgia (Something Sensible): uh i have a 3 minute slo mo of someones cargo shorts leg
Georgia (Something Sensible): i mustve accidentally taken as pyrrha
Anna (loud and likely blonde): Just say u creeping on tai
Georgia (Something Sensible): okay day 1 editting done
Georgia (Something Sensible): which means day 1 plus whatever day 1 footage goes in the blooper real
Georgia (Something Sensible): its 6 minutes lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): .~. I don't think I'm going to go this weekend to Colorworks ya'll. I gotta save monies and my pay check gonna be shit this weekend. Plus I'm still worn out from the con so would be nice to just have a day to relax.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): valid pls sleep. 
I might just not go cause im so goddamn tired and one of my college friends hit me up
Anna (loud and likely blonde): unless anyone wants to go just to go cause like is it bad. i need break from wig wearing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wanna go so badly but oof I'm mad broke now and need a break from long ass drives for a while XD
Jess (whoozica): yea im like dead. I wanted to go but idk if i have it in me 😭
Anna (loud and likely blonde): M O O D
i also didnt intend to get sick 
honestly imma just cut my losses and not go or ill go with boyfrien if i have energy
Anna (loud and likely blonde): timing was just bad cause katsu. there will be more pop ups, fear not. 
and we will go to them
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I didn't get sick ~~so far~~ thankfully but oof I am so sore. My knees still hurting from the formal and my back is tight D:
Anna (loud and likely blonde): the massive bruise on my leg is. ugly.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i would need pants for weiss
Rebecca (madameterralupus): D: How did you get a bruise?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I just saw another pop up in an ad. somewhere. That sounded neat.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): I. have no idea how but i think i drunkenly smashed into the bed frame on friday night. 
Dont do alchohol without depth perception kids.
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~my knee is fucked and both my ankles and my driving leg is so tight and my wrist is kinda fucked~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh noo D:
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I mean at least it wasn't as dumb as me injuring myself... fucked up my knees going to hm during Footloose at the formal XD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): hey like i said. end of summer im tryna move to queens. so. city shoots with crash location and imma snoop for cool locations in the city
Anna (loud and likely blonde): one day we should all just kinda wander soho
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~its ok footloose is worth dancing~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i was born in the city and to the city i shall return
Anna (loud and likely blonde): more pop ups will happen bc millenials have fleeting lives
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~and more cheaper pop ups~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ................does anyone wanna go to a goth con. Theres. a con in jersey that itsblackfriday is going to and like she never comes to the USA
Matt (mattmyers25): Sames
Jamie (Jamie): Wait goth con is a thing cause damn give me all the stylish babes in black and varieties
Jamie (Jamie): When is it?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): http://darksideofthecon.com/
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ~~week after zenkai~~
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i just wanna look like i crawled out of a laundry basket with absurd shoes tbh
ZombieHunter: Anna no
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i just wanna meet its black friday leave me alone i own way too much black clothing
Anna (loud and likely blonde): *HELLO GORGEOUS* https://www.snarkpark.com/
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): oh that was the one I saw!
Anna (loud and likely blonde): it runs march+april so like this is a much better option
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh wow i thought i recognized the building in the promo photo its like a block away from the javits center
Georgia (Something Sensible): editing a con vlog, more like take a shot for every "so" or thumbs up that appears
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Wow mood
Jess (whoozica): You wanna die? 😂
Mark (Mad Doctor): I was gonna take a shot for every "Praise the sun!" my Arthur got. I lost the count after 18. I finally found a dude with a Dark Souls t-shirt so I could explain the reference to a very confused daughter
Jess (whoozica): Ohhhh nooo 😭
Mark (Mad Doctor): Still glad I wore him. Far more people recognized him and shouted quotes at me. I've worn him several times before but this was his first major con experience. Totally brightened several people's day, which is a cool feeling.
Georgia (Something Sensible): +the trusty steed, i think you wouldve had less incorrect references
Georgia (Something Sensible): Arthur
Georgia (Something Sensible): also not to be a weirdo but erik singing along to the pokemon theme song is a video i think anyone could watch on repeat
Mark (Mad Doctor): True that. BTW if any else wants to join Python silliness, I have a small set of chain mail I can lend... (Or for any other reason)
Georgia (Something Sensible): EDITTING THE BLOOPS AND THEN IM DONE
Georgia (Something Sensible): HOORAH
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Doing Lancelot would be pretty fun
Matt (mattmyers25): I'll get the coconuts and the grail
Mark (Mad Doctor): To be clear, my spare mail is a comfortable fit on Audrey, but I welcome all knights to the Round Table
Georgia (Something Sensible): crop top chain mail
Matt (mattmyers25): Can I do the guy that tells, bring out your dead?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): please
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i got a trailer we can use
Anna (loud and likely blonde): i will be sir not appearing in this film
Mark (Mad Doctor): Some people did that at Katsu 2 years ago. They were a huge success.
I'd do it at 7:00 on Sunday morning
Mark (Mad Doctor): Go through the hotel halls
Anna (loud and likely blonde): ooo wait mine is road legal probs wont fit through door. ill get a lil rickshaw
Matt (mattmyers25): Hmm, cosplay for katsu 2020?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): gotta do it sunday morning def
Anna (loud and likely blonde): we just wont sleep
Georgia (Something Sensible): _she done_
Georgia (Something Sensible): now to export
Georgia (Something Sensible): total time: 9:47
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): What’s it like to not have to go back to work and edit photos/vlogs after a con.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Daymn.
Tom (tomukuncosplay): <@386567060026556417> PEOPLE THOUGHT ARTHUR WAS DARK SOULS?!
Mark (Mad Doctor): Praise the sun, yo
Georgia (Something Sensible): https://drive.google.com/open?id=19nDekp0G3-hr5dMf1XLEwGZIOujKsefF
Georgia (Something Sensible): DA VLOG
Georgia (Something Sensible): yall get first view cause you speschul
Tom (tomukuncosplay): as a quality Souls elitest prick I am offended
