Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hey so is anyone doing or thinking abouy Saikoucon. I'm probably going to skip Otakon and do that instead
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Cause honestly I'm not feeling Otakon/Funds aren't working for Otakon
Evie (Katheryne Knight): And not a lot of friends are doing Otakon
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Hmm I haven't thought about it but it could be a maybe? I went years ago and it was decent. Honestly cons past cpac and between cce are up in the air cause depends on funds
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Georgia has gone multiple years. I did one it’s... very, very small. Like, no dealers small. Just video rooms. And as it turns out the people I had Easter dinner yesterday know the organizer and he’s... a mess apparently, so the change of venue (according to him) apparently doesn’t mean much.
Jamie (Jamie): honestly i'd be up for saikou ~~assuming new job acquired by then~~ when is it again?
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: When/where is that?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Pa somewhere.
Jamie (Jamie): last i went to saikou there was a dealers room though i thought? like small but still there
Evie (Katheryne Knight): They apparently have a merchant hall this year so yeah 

Also it's in White Haven PA
Evie (Katheryne Knight): It's an hour and a half north of Harrisburg
Jamie (Jamie): august 2nd-4th
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Saikou I am sure has changed since 2015 lol. Which was when I went last XD 
And ohhh that's not too far of a drive
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just really don't wanna do Otakon because no one who I'm close to is going and thenpeiole I plan on rooming with are friends but they are in an air BnB a block away from the con center and idk
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I'm torn between doing Otakon and doing something else
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm. I've been debating on Otakon too but unsure for a couple reasons lol.
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: Oh I'd rather do something in August id consider going to that if anyone else wanted to. I'd probably do just one day tho
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Like I like the peeps I'm rooming with but the tickets are too expensive and I just am not feeling Ota like I used to
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I am so torn >___<
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: Personally If you're having hesitations I wouldn't go
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: Like if youre not looking forward to it like you used to give it a year off
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: My only solid cons are RTX and CCE and ANYC for the rest of the year tbh
Jamie (Jamie): all cons for me are up in the air til i land a replacement job that pays me a sane wage
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol yee. I have Anext, Ota, and others on hold until depends on if I can afford over the summer and get off from work. But I want to try to work my ass off this summer so I can try to move out at some point or shit. So only confirmed for now is cpac and cce lol
Jamie (Jamie): shit i realize come fall i potentially have to consider that i will have classes and can't do the things because of it...
Jamie (Jamie): https://tenor.com/view/theoffice-michaelscott-stevecarell-oops-gif-5026723
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Eww
Mark (Mad Doctor): Went to Saikou last year. About 20 vendors, which actually seemed large given the size of the venue. They're trying to upgrade this year. I'll probably take Audrey up on Saturday
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Hmmmm tempting
Mark (Mad Doctor): Venue last year was terrible: a Travelodge with a weak AC. They booked a legit Pocono resort this year
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Oh thats good! I heard the venue last year was meh which is why I'm hesitant but hearing that might convince me now.
