Mark (Mad Doctor): Otakon RWBY shoot has been scheduled for Saturday @9:00. Not a great slot, but they also offered Sunday at 9, 10, and 11. Would people rather do early on Saturday or later on Sunday?
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): I’m gonna be a neener and ping @everyone because I know a lot of people aren’t going to Otakon but the feedback would be nice (pretend y’all are) (and then y’all can be furious at me for pinging everyone) (I lost the game)
ZombieHunter: Hunter can actually attend Saturday >.>
Jess (whoozica): 9pm? or am? 😮
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): AM
Jess (whoozica): whew damn
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): Rise and shine nerds
Jess (whoozica): im not sure if im doing rwby at all at ota but i would think Saturday is better since people will be getting ready and checking out on sunday?
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): Aren’t most people done moving out by 11?
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah Saturday is better
Georgia (Something Sensible): Saturday 9 am?
Marisa (KaseiCosplay): That’s the current slot ye
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Friday is better   tbh.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rwby seems to be an off day for Ota on most people's lineup.
Georgia (Something Sensible): aLRIGHT time to find something to WEAR
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yeah I can't do RWBY
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm already doing Rin and 9Am is not happening XD
Evie (Katheryne Knight): neither is 9 PM XD
Matt (lastbetatestercosplay): I like how there are 2 Disney photoshoots. It looks like they are hosted by the same person
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): <@!386567060026556417>  you could also do an unofficial shoot if more people can't make it that time on Saturday? I can probably make it, I just don't know how many others can
Mark (Mad Doctor): Yeah, I think it will be the few and hardy who make it to a 9am shoot. Anyone know how to promote an unofficial shoot?
Anna [Cyborg]: Facebook event shared to the con FB group if allowed, and the RWBY cosplay group?
Mark (Mad Doctor): Marisa can't make it on Friday. Anyone want to go in with me on an unofficial shoot?
Georgia (Something Sensible): alas i  would volunteer but i shant be there friday either
Georgia (Something Sensible): unofficial shoot isnt a bad idea
Georgia (Something Sensible): that was the better shoot at otakon two years ago
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm still scheduling things friday so I'm not sure what availability I have at the moment.
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): I've already scheduled a shoot with Marisa for Salem on Saturday, plus I won't be getting to the con until late on Friday
