Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I just remembered I bought a go pro.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Throwing that in the bag.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I just noticed that the BNHA meetup moved from Saturday to Friday. Guess I'm not going to that...
Jess (whoozica): But aren't you doing Kiri Friday?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Not at the time of the meetup lol
Jess (whoozica): Ohhhh 😔
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm like 95% sure it was on Saturday at some point because I put it in my calendar
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I think there were two?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 1pm Friday and 2pm Saturday.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Shit you right
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oof that one is *outside*
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Bring nip hats
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Kinky Rave Yoosung.
Jess (whoozica): Hawt
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was gonna say I think there is a Saturday one too cause I have it on my ached
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I packed PJs for both BNHA and RWBY Pj party but I can only go to one. Who all is going to what?? (this may have been asked before and if so I am sorry XDD)
 💪 = bnha <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388> = rwby
Georgia (Something Sensible): BOTH CAUSE IM NUTS
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I want to try to do both but idk if my body will allow lol. Like I planned mostly to do RWBY but I gotta show up late to it cause my Shinoa shoot. So like maybe it'd make more sense for me to do BNHA...??
Georgia (Something Sensible): more people i know are going to RWBY
Georgia (Something Sensible): everyone going to bnha is going to rwby as well, to my knowledge
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Maybe I'll just do BNHA then since I won't be able to show up till 9:30-ish anyways lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Shows up to tail end of RWBY as Denki. Hello yes I am one of you. I am uuhhh... Nora's long lost cousin.~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): _denki valkyrie_
Jess (whoozica): I might stop by RWBY but in Mina cuz idk how I feel about removing body paint just to be Nora for like an hour and then putting it back on
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Extra pink Nora lol
Jess (whoozica): LOL
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~Imma swap out PJ Blake for PJ Jaune so I can quickly change into Denki I think lol~~
Georgia (Something Sensible): 👀
you want fucking rwby chibi?: when the pj partys
you want fucking rwby chibi?: fri or sat?
Annette (cryostasis_cosplay): They're both Friday
Evie (Katheryne Knight): *inhales* 
T O M O R R O W
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Who all is getting there Thursday? I'll be dressed as Ochako
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I'll be there tomorrow~
Jess (whoozica): Me too! Probably late-ieh
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Ye I'll be there as kokoro
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Idk when I'm getting there though, before the darling shoot xD
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Tomorrow, as early as I can manage getting outta work stuff.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'll be there hopefully between 4-5ish
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Matt and I are aiming to be there between 2-3.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ugh. I wish.
Jamie (Jamie): Jason is wanting us to be there by 1, he told me we're getting up at 7 30, i said thats fine *i can sleep in the car and i will *
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can't get down there till like, 6ish at best.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 4 1/2 hours base trip, + traffic.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ill be there by at least the afternoon :0! and ill b in alex oxenfree 🤘😔
Matt (mattmyers25): They are calling for 1-3 inches of snow sat at katsu
Jess (whoozica): thats far away from anytime i need to be on the road so im ok with it
Anna (loud and likely blonde): someone stop me from prancing in the snow as a kodama
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm going to be The Hound that day. I'll be outside faster than Qrow can say "Winter is coming"
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if qrow can do that THAT fast im impressed
Anna (loud and likely blonde): if anyone needs for some reason to have something picked up between the middle of long island and the gaylord, lmk. 
Driving down at like  5:30-ish  so we should be there at like midnight
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 95% packed aayyyy <:Dab_Qrow_dab:455818767323365388>
Mark (Mad Doctor): My nagging of daughter was ineffective. I anticipate frenzied running around tomorrow
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so one of my long-time friends that I occasionally still talk to is going to Katsu with his gf and some other friends and want to meet up for a meal at some point... Hope it's not while wearing Red Riot Thot xD
Anna (loud and likely blonde): oh no. i think he needs to see this milestone in your life
