Bill: Lol.
Bill: Watch if you feel the urge to defend him without knowing all the facts is all.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Defend Elfriede without facts
Bill: ~~if Hunter is crying as much as he says he is and it's *strep throat* I'mma judge him~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): he never accepted my friend request ; u ;
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm in limbo yehaw
Bill: Hunter hangs with instagram celebrities so he has that whole 'don't add me if you don't know me kthx' attitude.
Bill: I don't think he's as popular as you need to be to need that, but then again *facebook should only be for people you know to begin with*.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah that's what i figured, he has absolutely no reason to add me so i wasn't expecting anything. i was just hoping to squeak by seeings as we had like 20 mutual friends
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): id say cancel it and send it again after you actually meet him
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): "hey its me the person whose friend request you ignored nice to meet you for the first time ever"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YE
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i only sound 80% stalkerish there if i say it in a cutesy voice
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): actually no cute voice would up the creep factor
Bill: 
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm trying to get bne to like me but i just sound pretentious <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): those shows are *rigged*
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): **rigged**
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): big rigged mood
Bill: As stated, if they don't like you they *terrible people*. But also it's harder to get to know them entirely online.
Bill: When we see everyone at Katsu they'll know you again.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): 'hello friends it's me the gremlin from the internet'
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): speaking of gremlins
this one girl keeps popping up in my suggested friends on facebook and i'm like 90% sure she's cosplaying one
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): but i can't tell
Bill: Probably Casey Sanders.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): YEAH IS SHE COSPLAYING A GREMLIN
Bill: yup.
Bill: She does monster swimsuits.
Bill: <:lenny:395307171539189760>*

* I think?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): someone introduce her to me gremlins is one of my favorite non-anime movies
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): wow hunger games 4 looks great
Bill: she is the most famous person we have a connection to.
Bill: So.
Bill: She's super guarded publicly.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): orly? rip
Bill: Georgia could!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): does georgia like gremlins
i just want gremlin friends
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): actual footage of us all at katsu
https://i.imgur.com/Vv5KxRa.gif
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i think i just need to do something. all i've done this month has been related to school since it's end of the semester cronch time. my last final is today (friday), then I have 6 projects/papers to finish over the next week and then nothing until january. i wanna do stuff.
Bill: any places left to visit in japan?
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): literally anywhere that isn't tokyo
i wanna go to hokkaido or hiroshima, i'll prioritize hiroshima since hokkaido is harder to get to
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i think i'll do nara/kyoto/osaka/hiroshima in one go if I get the time
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i've been to kyoto but i wanna see the deer in nara and they're only 30 minutes away from each other
Bill: oh you should go to the fox island!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i'm diggin' the inari shrine there
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i do wanna go to fushimi inari again i really like it there
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i wanna run into a bear ~~and not get mauled to death~~
Bill: ~~but that's the fun part~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): lets play those games on the way to / at katsu
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i sneak into their inner circle through doujin. i learn their ways. i report back any dirt i find.
Bill: ~~i mean, Meg will bury you in porn~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): doesn't she know you gotta start small
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I love Marisa with all my being thank u
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ur my fav double agent
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): it might fail if i get copious amounts of hentai i was not prepared for this burden
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): mission level too high
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 😱
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i retreat back into fluff territory
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:yay_makoto:372193112920948756>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): DRY HEAVES HE MESSAGED ME
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): well i guess this isnt that bad
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): note that the messages directly before this are from months ago when he said not to talk to him again
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so hes knowingly messaging me hm hm hm hm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): a girl i went to HS with has been deitng 4 days and is mad she didnt lose anything yet <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like thats not how that works but ok
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 😸
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 👀
