Bill: *whats it like to buy a wedding dress without an engagement.*
Bill: *thats gotta be all forms of depressing*
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 👌 <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~is it weird that i sometimes wish i was bi so i could understand the hype over these trash waifus?~~
Bill: I'm... a tad surprised by Meg's enthusiasm. Neptunia is quite funny and has some great shout outs, but it's... not quality.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea be she likes hot girls XD
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): she knows nothing about it she just wants to see hot girl
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t get it either and I dated a girl for almost a year
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I think Meg is just
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Into it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): isk erik seemed to get all hype really fast too? idk man
Bill: I mean, hot's hot.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea but its not "OMG I LOVER HER"
Bill: Meg's confuses me, Erik is fairly normal.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): sometimes i feel like im weird for not being super sexually attracted to women? 
like im missing out on something
Bill: *Well*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): idk ignore me im having a strange day
Bill: I can't tell you finding women attractive isn't great (well, ups and downs), but I think your just in a group of people with odd tastes. It feels weird here, but anywhere else I'd expect Neptunia would get someone a funny look.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ever since ive been in this community its been a little overwhelming for me though. like its not that i never find women attractive its just not my preference obviously but this community swims in its female attraction and im just like ya? it a woman?
Bill: Neptunia is not your cup of tea lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean i wasnt gonna watch it or anything
Bill: Didn't think you would.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lol
Bill: I was considering going to Recess after my dentist appointment, but now I almost want to go rewatch the series...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): You’re not missing out Jess don’t worry
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Erik is just expressing his tastes and Meg is just bein weird
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m pretty sure she’s bi but she’s kept it on the lowkey?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I remember that being mentioned
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But even people who are attracted to women aren’t getting much out of those character designs
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I can say when I think a girl is particularly hot and those waifu do nothin for me
Bill: ~~they’re pretty attractive~~
Bill: Not ground breaking.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Ive never liked any of the neptunia girls
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Cept the purple one grown up
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): All the rest are pretty trash
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): To me at least, I don't wanna knock it for other people
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye looks p. Trash ngl
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I mean I do find particular women attractive just I didn't see the specific hype this time I guess
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My boss called us to a meeting with no time to get ready and then got mad when we were prepared <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Also he's so mad that he can't SEE who visits our website that he wants me to take it off marketing material 😂
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's where I was the last hour, dealing with man baby
Bill: They’re designed for the key weeb types.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He's throwing hissy fits because we only did 1/3 the amount of sales this year. Welp, that's what happens when you fire all the sales people
