Bill: Ron came over to drop off Christmas presents. He’s been here two hours.
Bill: Go home.
Bill: It’s good to see you.
Bill: But go home.
Bill: It’s 10pm.
Bill: ~~Nor did I need to hear about how you knew Kathy was the one cause that’s not sad~~
Bill: Very sweet story though.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean. He prob lonely
Bill: I knowwww, but it late and it was supposed to be quick.
Bill: Lizi bailed on her own?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Guess so
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i somehow processed that as dizzy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and i was like whoa shes sentient
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hyperventilates hal messaged me on instagram
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): because i went back and tagged beaconnortheast on some photos i think he used that as a conversation starter
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ew this is awkward
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): DO YOU FEEL THE AWKWARD because it’s so damn awkward
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He’s being really serious and that’s just so not him
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Ooooof
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah you can tell he's trying really hard to talk to you
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Like that last one is def directed towards you a bit
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i dont know if i should tell him im passing through Delaware over break quiiiite yet
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im doing to the goddard space center with the lady thats also writing me a recommendation
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and ill be shooting right through newark to get to DC
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~i love that ramen shop i dont care that hal took me there~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): SCREAMS this is weird
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he sounds so serious and sad too, this is awkward AND depressing
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ok like we starting talking about the concept of time somehow and
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _is this boy okay_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _what the fuck_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh. Wow
Bill: If he wants to get deep, and that makes you uncomfortable, say you really think he should talk to someone, but talking to you might not be the best idea. 

if he's being a meme, reply with shorter answers, eventually he'll run out of ways to continue conversation, boom.

*if you still hate him, reply that you can't talk cause you're late, your late, your late for a very important date*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): LOUDER SCREAMIG
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): WHAT DO I DO
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): AHHHH
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): AHHHHH
デイブ: Don't fall for it
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Don't do
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _what do I do_
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Nothing
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Just leave it at that.
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): If you feel the need to reply to the conversations, you can. But don't go out of your way too.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i would like us to be on civil terms
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im not jumping at his throat
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): its just weird cause last HE said was "never contact me again"
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): You can. Just be friendly and make small talk
デイブ: You have a screen cap of him saying that?
デイブ: Cause if you do and he tries to get back with you because HE made a mistake, just post that screen cap and say, your loss bud
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): O HONEY hes not getting back with me
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Good. You deserve the best Georgia:)
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): aww thanks ❤
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye ill just follow him back and make pleasant chit chat
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i dont really want an enemy of hal, but i dont wanna be friends either so
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Just be kind and nice. But don't go out of your way to do so. If something comes up or he talks to just keep it simple and clean.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ill keep yall updated if anymore shifty shit happens
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeeee
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): We here for you
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ❤ ❤ ❤
デイブ: 👍
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yeah just be friends with him. If he tries anything just be like nah bra sorry you had your chance
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he stopped answering so we shall see
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): im thinking upon reflection hes feels bad now
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): golly gee
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _lol maybe_
