Bill: Your message in BNE isn’t reaching out about yourself is it Georgia?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i mean i was reflecting on myself a little bit
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but its mostly for hunter actually
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he just bombed a physics exam
Bill: Mmkay. Cause we’ve long drilled you to know you’re priceless to us, and your grades have nothing to do with why.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I am spechul, yes 😄
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i smashed my exam yesterday and probably did alright on the one today, so im only minutely worried
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im more worried about how sick i am really, and ill be at the doctors tomorrow morning
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hunter seemed to really panic tho, and i felt bad cause if he had taken a breath, i think he wouldve done better on the exam
Bill: Does he think I’m a genius or generally smart? I’ve failed finals before and got through just fine so maybe can tell him that as a comfort, if he thinks I’m a bar.
Bill: Take care of your dumb self.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): will do, sleep is definitely happening tonight
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Feel better Georgia ♥️
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah i think he'll be okay
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thank jess ❤
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hes just not a great test-taker is what im gathering
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i feel bad cause like... its intro physics so i could do it in my sleep so hes just like... why am i so stupid that i cant get this
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Why do you think Hunter thinks your a genius? I'm confused
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but thats IMPOSTER SYNDROME
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hasnt he said that before?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That he think biru is a genius?
Bill: ~~I’m surprisingly arrogant occasionally~~
Bill: But people do comment that I come off intelligent.
Bill: So it’s not an unfounded assumption.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~surprisingly?~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Just kinda came out of no where idk
Bill: I’m also a pit of self esteem issues, doesn’t usually go well with arrogant.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hunter probably just got over stressed about the test, is he a physics major? Or is it just a classic she has to take
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): nuh hes a math major
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so he has to take intro physics
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): phyics and engineering are the common "real world" math problems so
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Gotcha, tests are stressful though so he could have just over hyped himself
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he messaged me during the exam using his watch which is a huge no no
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~and didnt tell me until after i answered his question~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but basically the exam was like "what is angular momentum" which is just I times w
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he already calculated I
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and the problem set up gave him w
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): which is why i said if he had just breathed he wouldve been ok
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea, sometimes the restriction if a time crunch stressed me out so much I can't compute anything.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): that hunter is a panick-er tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea 😭
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thats happened to me too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ive got the whole "breathe and do the math" skill down pat lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There's like a whole bunch of "test taking skills" maybe he could look into? I feel bad he bombed
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): well he feels like he did
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): who knows if he really did
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Watch he actually did fine 😂
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I used to do that all the time
Bill: I want to kill Katy. Which goes completely against that I'm out right fucking concerned.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): wut happemn
Bill: We were out to dinner at the place we order the food for Christmas/Gingerbread from. She was texting Erik the whole dinner, which is normal, she hasn't put her phone down since she got it in the mid 2000's. It's annoying considering she's barely home anymore, gone *every* weekend basically netflix and chilling at Erik's house now, even to the point where she's going there yet again tonight. But normal.

She reads one other text, gets up to make a call, comes back in 2 minutes and says 'can we leave'. She didn't drive, I did and we met Mom. We ask why, multiple times and all we get is 'I'm fine'. She's bothered by fucking something and typical Katy can't share her problems because she "bottles all her feelings" until 3 years later like a fucking idiot it. It comes up I can take her home, leave my parents to *order the food for our annual, big family event* (nothing important </sarcasm>). I can, I know that, **I** feel a need to be a part of planning our *big annual family event* but I don't say that. She picks up I'm not in the mood to leave because idk, *she's fine* but I stand up anyway because she's just going to sit there and distract the rest of us with glaring and complaints.
Bill: I'm assuming it was Erik on the phone, and bar he's in the fucking hospital, I am *not* about this leaving dinner so she can go to him just cause he asked. She seems him *more than us*, her sense of values is all screwed up. She's driving AN HOUR AND A HALF from work to sleep there, instead of her own *home* which is 15 minutes from work. He's just not warming up to us, and we have to try harder to connect with him, well for fucks sake whenever he's here the two of you sit in your goddamn room and watch TV. Why don't you be a member of the family, maybe then we can talk to your 'oh so perfect' boyfriend. *You* don't even spend time with us, unless it involves a meal. Maybe YOU'RE setting a shitty example. 

She clearly would rather be with him than her own family, to the point where she's not paying off student loans or funding a retirement account (one of the things Dad mandated as part of living at home without rent) so she can save up to move out. It's ridiculous. College had us drift apart, but she has no friggen interest in doing *anything* with us anymore. And that's upsetting to me, and also pisses me off.
Bill: And that doesn't even touch on how fucking weird it is for her to say 'can we go' and then promptly *refuse* to say why. That's outright scary. It could be all sorts of things. We always eat late, and be it work she needs to do tonight or worried about driving to Erik's late at night, both of those can be solved by *sleeping in her own bed*.
Bill: *Which* leads me to think Erik either has some kind of issue she just *has* to be there for, or he just wanted her there and she'd rather fucking leave (though that doesn't line up with her acting bothered), or something more fucking nefarious. and there's NO WAY to find out, because *she doesn't do anything with us, she doesn't talk to us about anything but work, she can 'handle all her fucking problems herself', and she's never home*.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): dan
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thats a communication issue if i ever heard one
Bill: *"she can handle it herself"*
Bill: She's always been this way. Always.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I ain't gonna lie, I dont like him. I miss Matt
Bill: But now it's literally a wedge and that's scary, this whole scenario is scary, and I want to kill her because she's apparently just too involved with her fucking boyfriend.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): can they even claim honeymoon phase anymore?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmmm sounds like there's def an underlying problem
Bill: APPARENTLY Matt was borderline abusive. So she tells us now, but much like anything else she doesn't want to talk about it and she handled it herself.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ah. ~~are we sure that isn't still the problem?~~
Bill: and all *I* wanted going into Erik (who has a history *with* Matt) was to *know the guy* so nothing like the above, (whatever happened, I was never informed) happens again. Well she *screwed the fucking pooch there*.
Bill: That is *exactly* what I'm worried about.
Bill: But we can't *talk to her*.
Bill: Because she gets defensive and shuts down when other people give their opinions.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): intervention time!
Bill: She always has, and always well *cause she can do it herself*.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): that whole "you cant xyz until you talk to us"
Bill: She's a graduate with a job Georgia. We can't tell her to do anything. My parents, or myself.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmmm... That might just oush her away more though.
Bill: She can up and leave.
Bill: We know.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): She might just move in with him at that point t
Bill: The trick to Katy is to watch her fall on her fucking face making mistakes, give her suggestions, let her come to the same suggestion herself, then let her do it herself.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Which I'm kinda surprised she hasn't done already if she doesn't wanna be there that much
Bill: Not that she fucking realizes that.
Bill: Part of this speal is how I'm feeling.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If it was him on the phone that's that's grounds for suspicion. Something is wring, where she had to up and leave and get back to him right away. He might have some sort of a jealousy issue or something
Bill: I don't know if it was.
Bill: It *could* just be work.
Bill: But I'm tired of this whole fucking charade.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's why I said if. And I'm not saying that it's a deffinete eithet
Bill: She was *there* when Ms Chicken's daughter outright told her to go to hell and die, and cut off the entire Chicken family. That killed Ms Chicken, tore her heart to pieces to hear her own daughter say she'd love to see her dead. (Paraphrasing). Amy (the daughter) alienated the entire family and moved in with some white trash guy, never spoke to the family again. Even when Ms Chicken *died*.
Bill: Katy should *know* better than to alienate real family.
Bill: and here she is doing it.
Bill: God that's scary.
Bill: We've had nothing in common our entire lives, but we've always been close. Until college, until Matt, and now Erik.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And Matt and Erik were friends? Are they still friends?
Bill: Oh no they hate each other. That's a whole fucking mess.
Bill: Matt's been out of the picture for a year now, either way. No contact.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But the were friends ya?
Bill: Best friends.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmmm
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That doesn't really mean anything I'm just specualting
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They *could* be similar  but that could also be completely different
Bill: oh no, when Katy's relationship with Matt went long distance and started failing post college (it apparently failed long before that but you know, 3 years later we hear it) she was already going out and spending time with Erik. Quite a bit.
Bill: Cause he was a local friend.
Bill: We all knew.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I know that
Bill: She didn't cheat or anything, but you could tell she had the feelings.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm more thinking that if they were friends and Matt really was abusive they could be similar
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Or they could be completely different.
Bill: I *don't know* and that's a *fucking problem* and Katy has no motivation to *help fix it*.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Maybe she doesnt spend alot of time at home because shes not "allowed" too. It's like a classic abuse symptom. Perhaps he doesn't like you guys and is convincing her not to either. Or maybe she just really really wants out and is taking it too far. BUT that wouldn't explain the episoode tonight
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~hack her phone~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Jk don't do that
Bill: Apparently "he doesn't think we like him" or something like that. She told that to my parents. And you know what? I don't right now. At all. I don't know him and all I'm seeing is negative now.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea. I remember he didn't make a good impression from the start
Bill: We've been willing to have him.
Bill: He's just *not here*, or they spend the whole fucking time in Katy's room.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea the real mystery bis is that *him* or *her*
Bill: Generally, I've said her. She always was free spirit, I want out, I fight my own battles. But tonight is a red fucking flag.
Bill: I don't know anymore.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea it's gerd to say. But obviously*something* was really wrong tonight.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Has she done stuff like this before? Like obviously upset and then just leaves?
Bill: Never.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): It could just be a big fight, have you sensed any weirdness between the two recently? Like at gingerbread or anything? Maybe a breakup is incomming? Just speculating
Bill: Not the feeling I get.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What's the feeling you get?
Bill: I just meant I don’t think a breakup is coming.
Bill: Chatted with the folks... things are... as understood as they could be.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): So do they know anything more or?
Bill: Not more but their her parents you know?
Bill: I wanna say there’s a plan?
Bill: Or that they’ve thought about this whole thing.
Bill: More than I knew about.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooo interesting
Bill: So it’s not blind siding. I just got comfort from talking to them.
Bill: It’s a mess, but they’ve got experience to apply to it and know where they’re coming from... parents right.
Bill: Meanwhile me with no dating experience gets a little lost in the nuances.
Bill: I’ve never had to balance family and relationship.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Hmm well that sounds vague but I'm guessing that's intentional
Bill: Too much to go into.
Bill: Just opinions on the same general problem.
Bill: And yes, this a tad more personal. So you heard none of this.
Bill: But I needed to blow off steam.
Bill: ~~I’ll tel pretty much anyone about my own emotional issues but when it comes to someone else zip,  that’s ironic I think~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Eh. You don't really tell *anyone*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Especially of you aren't asked, in the case of people who aren't really close to you
Bill: 😛
Bill: At least in your case I’ve unloaded more baggage than I’ve got in jammed in my bedroom post college.
Bill: But ye, I cant even imagine trusting BNE with my problems.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You only tell close friends how you feel. Period.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Unless someone like straight up asks you inguess
Bill: ~~and why would anyone do that, I’m not interesting~~
Bill: 😛
Bill: Oh, I did once ask Mark an anon sarahah about friendship versus romance.
Bill: Back when he was giving sage advice.
Bill: Didn’t do much, but it was interesting.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): People rarely do that. It's not you
Bill: ~~and anon which makes it easy~~
Bill: Yeah, true.
Bill: I meant that I consider this kind of problem more personal than my own problems I guess. That just seems backwards.
Bill: Even when talking to someone who knows me very well.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Eh not really. It's not your business to tell. You don't *own* that info. Therefore you don't feel the right to give it out
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Your in personal info is yours so you can give it or not give it to whomever you please
Bill: You def right, I don’t like to let people I don’t trust see my true feelings. Erik’s getting there tho.
Bill: Okay, I gotta go to NYC tomorrow and that’s going to fucking suck given how late I’m up already, so good night.
Bill: Thanks for being wonderful ❤️
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea no prob I didn't actually bdo anything. Goodnight!
Bill: *the value of someone stopping to listen when your stressed out is immeasurable*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Little comforts like a hug or listening mean the world for me. I wonder which love language that is.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): quality time boi
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Big Oof
Massive lapse in communication from her, perhaps due to the abuse from her past boyfriend or because there’s some weird secret. 
Are you SUPER close to your sister or friend-close to her?
If it’s that weird close sibling relationship some have, leave her a weird sibling message that you’re concerned and her actions are frustrating. Tape it to a potato and put it on her bed or something.
Bill: Today on weird personality tests from the Internet.
Bill: http://world.doubutsu-uranai.com
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Onii-San type
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): What are they basing the doubutsu for this uranai off of
I am hesitant but curious
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Wow this is 80% totally spot on and 20% no
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Biru do you find yours to be true
Bill: Same thing, 80/20.
Bill: Maybe 90/10.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): I edited mine to 90/10 huehuehue
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Yehaw
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Are you gonna be an accountant now
Bill: Definitely not lol
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): NICU NICU
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): How long is that quiz
Bill: not long, it's just from your birthdate.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "Your realistic personality is better suited to stay working rather than to become a housewife." 

well fuck there goes that dream
Bill: is.... that something you want?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): bro u know how clean my house would be if i didnt have to work? shit would actually be done
Bill: sure but eventually you run out of house to clean.
Bill: I hear housewife and I think of home with the kids, which is why I asked.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah nah
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): house-wife no kids
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): stay-at-home-mom kids
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im kidding anyway
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~i would prob kill for part time tho~~
Bill: You can do graphic design in a contracting way, can’t cha?
Bill: Like, pay by design or project kinda thing?
Bill: Maybe you could do that and have freelance hours.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): freelancing is a mess, ive never been interested in it really
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): the structure and security of a job is more reliable
Bill: don't have to tell me lol. I got the best of both world with contracting life while still having a stable salary.
Bill: *Ira why is it so fucking hard to input three commands*
Bill: *I gave you the commands*
Bill: *this is not rocket science*
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Having fighting get troubles?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Listen the second jump after the aerial.heavy heavy isn't that bad
Bill: I *think* I get where your trying to come from.
Bill: I appreciate the callback, buttttt not quite the same thing as copy `bx api w3ibm.bluemix.net` into a terminal.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Hitting you with the blazblue ye
Bill: props for the comedic callback.
