Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 🙄
Bill: Well you did.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i dont wanna waste time editting his photos tho LOL
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Just send it the way it is 😂
Bill: You don’t have to?
Bill: Jess best me to it.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he was in a tree so they so dark tho@
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so its gonna be obvious i didnt edit
Bill: *are you a photographer*
Bill: *do you have standards you meet in your photographic style*
Bill: *were you actually just borrowing a camera to fuck around with it?*
Bill: You got nothing to stress over.
Bill: Just give em to em, and he can make changes himself. If he bitches, remind him that you aren’t a photographer and edits aren’t anyone can expect for you.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): u right billiam
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): HAL POPPED INTO OUR GAME AND SOMEONE MADE A JOKE THAT WE WERE DISCUSSING "georgia's functioning relationship" and hal got all serious and said "whoa that jokes not funny"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Whoa what? League?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah our league group
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Who made the joke owo
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he got really serious and said hes not okay enough to make that joke yet
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): NEWSFLASH BUDDY
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YOU ENDED IT
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): YEAH someone in our league group made the joke
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): IKR IM FUCKING LAUGHING
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like wtf is he even on about damn boi it's been three fucking months, a relationship you ended, you can get salty now
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): emphasis on the functional part tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): maybe it was a dig at his unofficial relationship with meg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WELP RIP
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): THOUGHT IT WAS HILARIOUS THO will keep you updated if theres anymore digs
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 👀👀
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Shits cray
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): One of the guys asked if I wanted to drink with him at Katsu and hal just goes “she’s underage”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): LOL
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): HES IN A MOOD TODAY
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WOW
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like??? That's none of his fuckin business.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "thanks Dad"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Confirmed hal and meg work at the same Starbucks
Bill: I’m starting to think Hal and Meg isn’t a thing anymore.
Bill: It would explain why he’s suddenly regretting things.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OwO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): The plot thickens
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He said “me and meg aren’t a thing and if we were who cares”
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🤔
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Did you just flat out ask him?
Bill: *literally everyone cares*
Bill: *its only drama because you’re keeping it secret at this point*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye I asked him lol cause I figured he would give an honest answer if I popped it on him
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And that’s the response he gave
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Then straight after mentioned he still had gifts to give me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHY
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 🤔 weird train of thought right?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like Christmas gifts?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): nah like the ones he got me back at RTX
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thats what it sounded like at least
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Damn
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): How awkward
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hes just havin a day today
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ryan: immediately suggests hal and i work together as adc and support, the only collaborative role in league
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Y he do
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): HE ADMITTED TO SLEEPING WITH MEG
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG what is this league with a side of tea?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He thought Bill started the cheating rumor
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooc
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He said he doesn’t care what BNE thinks
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Who's in your call? You, Hal, ryan?
Bill: Fucking really?
Bill: Why me.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He’s getting angry about how I told people we broke up in BNE
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Then he said he’s in a bad mood
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Then apologized and said it wasn’t my fault
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): W h a t
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Me hal Ryan’s and two others
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG Hal go to bed
Bill: I hope you corrected him. I’m out of your love life chaos. =T
Bill: Sounds like he’s on a bender.
Bill: Jess is right, bed the only solution to that.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i did indeed correct him
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): that was all in the first 15 mins of the game too wow
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): anyways yeah so this has been a hal update
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Update: he's salty
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and weirdly bipolar
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like hes angry but wants to make it clear its not at me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but hes also claiming it was my fault?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Maybe he's mad at himself for being an idiot
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But that manifests in him blaming you
Bill: It’s... a normal feeling.
Bill: His emotions are firing and he wants to pin the hurt on you because you’re the other party, but logic knows he has no backing to blame you.
Bill: Emotions versus logic.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): one guy on our team brought up sex and hal just goes "georgias a sub"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): WHAT A WORLD
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): alright i just left lol im too tired to hear anymore
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WTF HAL
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wow yea seriously
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's enough outa you mister
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hes just really shook up tonight i guess goddamn
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): before i popped off he mentioned that "he  knew how thirsty i could be" and the other guy went "OOOOH BURN" and i was like "he right tho LMAO"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wow it's almost as if women are also creatures that may desire sex
Bill: ,... 😩
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But like seriously wtf is his problem
Bill: He should know better than to get on a voice call when his mood is that shot.
Bill: Sounds like something tripped him up.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Does he wanna tell everyone what color your favorite underwear are too?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ikkkk he WAS on a bender tonight
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like he wanted to insult me but also say things werent my fault
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like he tryna preserve the friendship but hes still anger
Bill: You posted them Ochako pictures last night... maybe that was it.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): really?
Bill: He hasn’t like, seen you in months.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If he wants a chance at a friendship he should clean up his fucking acg
Bill: Mm.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im surprised hes still so shook up
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like he started this convo with "i cant make jokes about that yet"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm he's more shook up now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He's acting like you broke up with him or some shit
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hes acting like i broke up with him yesterday LOL
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im so over my relationship with him
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): the only reason i still give a shit is cause i feel lowkey wronged
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but seeing him so angry and flustered makes me feel like i have been given justice
Bill: You’re the only one who came out successfully Georgia. Hal’s in a weird, no labels relationship with Meg *maybe* and that can’t be all that great.
Bill: So he’s feeling what he lost.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He didn't *lose* anything, he threw it away
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Loss.jpg
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): truly
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im just baffled tho like its been 3 and a half months my guy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): now is not the time for it to hit you
Bill: That he did.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im floored he said he doesnt care what bne thinks too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Apparently he didnt get the memo
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and he started like "i dont care about-- i mean, i dont care what BNE thinks"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Damn he got issues
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hes really tilted tonight
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea he needs to fucking sleep
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he said hes been working a lot lately too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): though his shifts are never scheduled the same time as megs
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so combined with the fact that hes got his own personal drama about his unresolved relationship with me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): plus the drama about him and meg
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i cant say im surprised
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea he seems to be hinting at being miserable lately
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But it's his own fault
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): if he says hes still into me or he wants to get back together, im printing out the screenshot and hanging it on my mantle
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): because JUSTICDE
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): its amazing, the day after he dumped me i wouldve begged to get back together but now you couldnt pay me to get with him
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _i feel powerful_
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If he thinks he even has a chance after everything he's said 🙄
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah hes lowkey hated by everyone...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and i realize now he was kind of a loser and jerk at times
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't hate him, I don't hate easily. But hes made some dumbass comments and he obviously doesn't know how to keep his damn mouth shut
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): "I'm not mad, I'm dissapointed*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i didnt mean "hate" like the actual hate i mean "hated by everyone" in the less passionate sense lol
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): YEAH THAT
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like when you lose affinity with a faction in a video game LOL
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like I thought he was a better person than that. And he just keep proving he's not
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And now this whole confused feeling act? Too little too late
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah hes like "im angry but its not your fault"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): what i gather is that hes angry at the relationship but for some reason, is intent to keep my friendship
Bill: I don’t blame him for having the feelings, but they shouldn’t be dumped on you. It’s disrespectful and wrong.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He's angry at himself, he's angry at the situation. But he does know how to deal with that so it just come out as anger toward you
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but he backpedals in expressing that anger because...
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): friendship?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea or some inkling of hope you can get back together that he's holding onto
Bill: And the memories of the good times.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): that too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ya know the reason that him and meg seem so flirty in chat is cause they HAVE slept together
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but thats also the reason theres rumors (and ethan too)
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so he sorta shot himself in the foot with that one im thinking
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I mean, it's not a secret
Bill: It’s entirely Ethan tho.
Bill: They *think* its secret.
Bill: They’re just dumb.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Everyone knows they are fucking
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): They both love to talk about sex
Bill: I’m thinking Hal wants to get more serious and Meg isn’t having any of it and now he’s dwelling on the past.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I'm thinking something like that too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oooo thats a likely explanation
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): meg doesnt like getting serious she said herself
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ☝️
Bill: She HAS before, it’s possible, so that could be why he’s sore.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hes never talked about her ex Sam favorably either
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): HMMMM
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): interesting
Bill: The real question is if he’s that into Meg, or if he’s seen enough mentions of Noah to put two and two together and is jealous. ~~But that latter would puff up someone’s ego far too much so let’s not go with that~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): or if he just needs a rebound and getting rejected would hurt even more
Bill: Also as to their current status. Maybe he burned the friends with benefits card in the asking out, and that’s why tripped him getting down.
Bill: Speculations speculations.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): they were at the mall together the other day
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he said "slept together" instead of "sleep together" so that may have a role to play
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): who knows
Bill: ~~I’m a terrible person but I’m glad someone else is miserable in the dating department around here~~
Bill: ~~though I suppose he’s not doing that bad~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hal was just REALLY burned by the "we were just discussing georgias functional relationship" comment that our friend james made
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he REALLY stiffed at that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): even raised his voice
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): which is the tell that hes angry
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): also side note he most definitely has known about noah for a while
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he was brought up when tom talked to hal last i believe
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oof
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I missed some good stuff
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah, I don't blame him for getting miffed at that joke, that's in pretty poor taste. But the rest, damn, he def doesn't have himself together.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Low key that functional relationship comment and how it made him angry is really funny
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It was an inappropriate comment for sure, but I agree that it was funny
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh yeah for sure
Bill: ~~should be titled “better than sakimi’s”~~
Bill: ~~this isn't bobbies-physics~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea lol onopened it near Tom's grandparents and I was like oh shit
Bill: Did not realize earlier.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): did u post something lewd
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): 
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Save us Sasuke
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
