Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Why are all megs out of context quotes high or sex related
Bill: That’s kinda Meg in a nutshell.
Bill: She always been that way afaik.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): It’s very unsettling
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i noticed in her story yesterday she posted something like "my cup is prettier than your cup, no competition" and it kind of rubbed me the wrong way
Bill: I mean...
Bill: I couldn’t take it poorly.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I like the way Marisa thinks
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): if she competitive over a cup she must be very competitive about a lot of things
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): [draws assumptions like a coloring book]
Bill: You might be reading a LOT into one message lol. It’s a form of phrase lol.
Bill: But don’t have to like everyone so...!
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): she also curses like a sailor OwO
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~like pyrrha cosplay~~
Bill: I know when I went to Lissys birthday I ruled out Meg as a close friend because of her drug use. She’s been nice enough, but she’s immature and I don’t trust her.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): oh. oh dear. yikes.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~off topic: the rune factory tumblr just jumped ship because of the purge. it's rune factory what's nsfw about that!?~~
but also yikes.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeaaaah weed is a lifestyle choice for her
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Not even a side thing
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): ~~is that why she said she wasn't cold at konkon~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Cause she was drinking?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Uhhh good question Idk if she drove there
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): the marijuana
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I remember Lissy’s birthday though, my sweatshirt was on the couch with them, and it STUNK like weed afterwards
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I couldnt get the smell out
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Eventually I did but damn I’m jnclinced to agree
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t care for such heavy drug use either
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): i wonder if we were behind her in line for animenext last year because whoever we were behind absolutely reeked
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I don't think the devil's lettuce makes.you warm
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): drugs mess people up. kill
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): honestly i always subscribed to the idea that people who use weed semi regularly tend to slow down
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like not a single physics major probably smokes every week
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh yeah exactly
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): is it still illegal in nj
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yes
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): except medically
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): meg gonna get arrested
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Meg lives in DE but I think it's illegal there too
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): pretty sure chris and evie know they dating, meg and hal are both using the same phone for the group chat
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): they're kind of dominating the group chat
Bill: We all know.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): o so it's a secret that's not a secret?
Bill: It’s not really a secret cause Casey -> Ethan -> Georgia -> everyone.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~time to drag Noah to Konkon for petty purposes~~
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): lmao, my ex-father won't give us any money even though courts say he has to give us money each month, but he says he'll come and visit me despite me having a restraining order against him. great.
Bill: What a prick.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): “Do you want me to come visit you?”
That is the absolute last thing in the world I desire. I’d sooner eat fecal matter.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): why the fuck does he think you wanna see him
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Desperation? I think he’s convinced my mother brainwashed me
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): Like, she’s the reason keeping us apart and not his horrible inhumanity
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): “I won’t give you any money but I’ll visit you when you have no free time lol”
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): I’ll run to the police and file a stalking report in Japanese. Come and try me you frick
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he wants to visit you in japan?!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hell naw
Bill: The japanese will easily arrest his ass.
Bill: Just get on a train, have him follow you, call him a molester.
Bill: BOOM jail forevery.
No kristmas for bad kids(Marisa): yeah like seriously?
this started because i made that fake email to message him from. he now wants me to friend a fake facebook profile that is entirely empty, with my real facebook account. really.
BoJo told him I don't have a facebook for whatever reason even though I do.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oo, nicu
Bill: > Konkon: a BNHA group
> konkon, in reality: 10 Kirishima and 10 Bakugou.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): What is this pseudo role play meg and Erik are doing
Bill: exactly... what it looks like?
Bill: They talkin about their ship.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But also posting their own cosplay pics and idk
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I think it’s the phrase “I fucking love you” makes me uncomfortable
Bill: I mean, it's... gay Bakugo lines 101.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOF all pics of konkons jnpr are with hal and meg
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yuuup
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cause it started out with me and marisa doin the white rose
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so i was doin weiss off the get go
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oops
Bill: Feels like everyone be doing sds tags for Hal and Meg. I wonder if BNE is trying to catch them together via SDS.
