Bill: +1 more couple at it.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Take out an anime figure and touch its leg
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Leg touching at public events says "I want to do you right now, but I can't"
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): One of my senpai touched my leg on the bus before school because everyone was exhausted and I had on really furry/fluffy pants because it was cold and everyone loved the pants but after like 25 seconds he was like “wait this is harassment. It never happened.”
So I have some good blackmail material on him now.
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): TLDR biru you need fluffy pants
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Just put on an entire fur suit
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Fluffy pants are lit
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh hell yeah,

Fluffy pants trick every time
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): All day
Bill: Oh good my parents my sister and our friends we see every year want to fuck.
Bill: *Thats* a fun thought.
デイブ: buy a body pillow
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): wut
Bill: I’m nitpicking couple behavior. Pay it no mind.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): locks in rakan >>> he locks in xayah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): locks in lux >>> he locks in ezreal
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): HA L I M
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): S T A H P
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Has anyone called him out on that
Call him out on that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): WE PLAYED A MATCH JUST THE TWO OF US
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): it was awkward
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): If it happens again be like “why do you keep pairing characters with mine bruh”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i said "alright, goodnight, adios, see ya laterz" and he starts saying "thats portugese right?"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and i went "wut"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and he was like "omg youre so gullible, you know that i know spanish"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): was this flirting???? help????
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): also i found out he and meg are going to brandons party tomorrow
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and i went "oh a rich person party"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and he said "you ARE a rich person"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): REMEMBER WHEN WE SAID THAT HAL MAY NOT REALIZE WHAT HE DOES COMES OFF AS FLIRTING
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): SCREAMS
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thus, i go to bed, again, feeling weird for the exchange that just occurred
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeeepppp,.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): He's def flirting, whether he knows it or not is a different matter
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): ????
That just sounds weird
秋の栗は美味いでしょう(Marisa): Oyasumi
Bill: I mean, last I checked Rakan and Xayah are designed to compliment each other right? That would make them a good choice to pick together...
Bill: And if you’re going to play solo games with your ex, expect awkwardness. No real question there.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Rakan and xayah are kinda funny cuz their kits weren't designed for each other, they just get extra buffs when the other is around
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Eh, he's still flirting
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Cries it’s so weird
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He tried to make a dig at me a couple times too but they went over my head
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like he said “you could use some overkill”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ???? What does that even mean
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Lmao no idea
