Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LOL i just remembered when my ex bf left me for a girl who went to MIT and made me feel like shit
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): it ok tho cuz he had to drop out of NJIT cuz he couldnt do homework
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That's a good name for this
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Very clever
Bill: I thought so.
Bill: The yearly meeting is way over time... I’ve got an appointment at 2.
Bill: Shuttttt upppppp
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): That's.... Not how that works
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I know it was shared innocently, but oof, posts like this only serve to make people think they don't matter
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Usually the poster themselves
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): People don't just get sad when they don't see a friend for a bit they think "oh wow I haven't seen them in a while and I really want to" with like no outward signs sometimes
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The only person who would react the way they are describing would be your SO or a very close friend that might as well be an SO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea thats not how it works at all
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeahhhh
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Hunter is sensitive to that kinda thing
Bill: To be fair, that was my grad school thing.
Bill: Which wasn’t a healthy choice imo but... I did kinda expect someone to ask where I’d been for months.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t quite trust Meg
Bill: It's information. Look, listen, and think for yourself.
Bill: But, as it involves none of us directly, I'mma just watch.
Bill: Don't have to figure out what the truth is until someone in my circle is roped in.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): That’s true
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I just knows she’s ALWAYS been biased against him
Bill: She has been.
Bill: She could also be in the middle of an emotional response, because friends of hers feel hurt and Meg can blame him and that's making her blow things out of proportion.
Bill: ~~you also dislike Meg, keep that in mind~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I do, I am biased
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Meg talking about Nathaniel is like me talking about Meg
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Intrinsically biased 😏
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But still, she hasn’t cited anything specific, she’s just blaming him for vague things
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): The lack of concrete information and the more emphatic focus on “he ruined their lives” makes me skeptical
Bill: well she just threw details out.
Bill: But it can also be out of respect for Mel? and Emi?. People don't like it when their failures are put on blast.
Bill: ~~also wtf, why is everyone in the convention scene so... fluid? Literally every hetero straight person in all of conventions is in this channel~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Erik and Rebecca are straight tooo
Bill: You know what I mean.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oh they are?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I didn’t think Rebecca was
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Huh
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye she is
Bill: Also this... won't stay quiet, cause cosplay community is a bunch of dirty whores for drama. so we'll see more angles as time passes.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): That’s true
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m ever so slightly skeptical
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I saw Mark and Mel and Emilia at RTX and the two girls were joined at the hip and Mark was lowkey ignored
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Though I also don’t particular care for Emilia because she was breathing down my neck in all that morningmist drama
Bill: yup, jigglypuff is no friend of mine.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't even know which one is which
Bill: Just be sympathetic in BNE, and we'll let everyone else drive the tea truck.
Bill: I only got it from the morningmist context, I've never met any of the four.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Which one is angry jiggle?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): And which one is??? The other one
Bill: angryjiggles is Emi, Mel is accentkisses (the 3.0 Yang from RTX). I knew accentkisses had a fiance who made her props. Nathaniel is the guy Meg hates, who tried to buy her affection with RTX tickets and rooms and stuff, and was in the darling group to her dislike.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye I know who Nathaniel is
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I just didnt know the other 2s real names
Bill: first I had heard them was today.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye accentkisses is Mel and angryjigglypuff is Emilia
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Mel was... nice at RTX
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But there was definitely some instability right beneath the surface
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Mark seemed quiet, and not so happy about the polyamory with Emilia and Mel
Bill: ~~everyone in cosplay is borderline nuts~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like Hal and I were probably within 10 feet of each other the whole party
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Mark and Mel were across the house at all times
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Hardly acknowledged each other
Bill: So we can remain *gleefully* unattached to this shitshow.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Still nuts that Nathaniel did that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I never got the vibe that he was trying to manipulate me, he never asked for anything
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He didn’t even ask to be friends he just kinda let things run its course
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Which I’m grateful for cause the “can we be friends” question is so creepy and it gets messaged to me way too much
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But yeah I mean she’s sent me some cool 3D printed stuff and even got me a gift for my birthday
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And he defended my reputation in the midst of the drama earlier
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So idk
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): /shruge
Bill: Fame 🎵 is a 🎵 :bad 🎵 thing
Bill: I thought that was Nah.natheniel?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Wut
Bill: https://www.instagram.com/nah.nathaniel/
Bill: That guy.
Bill: ,... I suppose not.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Idk who that is lol
Bill: I have mixed up my nathaniels.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah it was def realmaincharacter lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye obleck
Bill: *it's okay, I gave all the good things to this dude and the bad things to myrealmain*
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah the way Meg explained puts me on "edge" a bit, like I don't necessarily take everything she says as truth
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): But I'd be a bit more mindful of him now I suppose
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like Nathaniel gave me a tutorial for setting up my YouTube page and literally has not asked for anything
Bill: I think there's enough there to say something happened.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): SOMETHING happened but who knows what
Bill: Yup.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Emi and Mel’s significant others were mad, maybe Nathaniel was a convenient scapegoat to fix things there
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Or maybe he was actually manipulative
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Who knows
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’ll file that info away in my brain but literally all my experiences with Nathaniel have been positive and he hasn’t asked anything of me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So I’ll likely not change my opinion of him much
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): If I see screencapped convos then maybe I might
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But this is so much he said she said
Bill: Him not trying to manipulate you doesn't mean he isn't manipulative. I'm not saying he is, but bad people don't always look bad from your perspective.
Bill: anyway just be sympathic to Meg so she doesn't jump down your throat. BNE is a tad... volatile defending people at times.
Bill: if anything.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah I imagine she’s not thrilled that Hal wants to start talking to me again
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _autocorrect his name is not ***ANAL***_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So I’m probably already walking on eggshells
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): She was typing for a pretty long time after I made the joke about UD being Delaware’s only college too (because the state is so small) so I imagine she may have been offended by that but who knows
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _and who cares_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I shouldn’t care but like idk 😐
Bill: Yup. Just play nice, even if you have doubts. Aren’t hurting anyone by sympathizing anyway. This way Meg can’t blame you for being mean to her friends, you don’t take a side, and you don’t stir the pot more while still being involved.
Bill: ~~oh right I have manipulative tendencies~~
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): ANAL
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah tbh I don't trust Meg more than Hal ATM <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Her response last time to you.was really toxic.and that put me in edge
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Like Hal was being wierd but
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Hmmm
Bill: If he’s what they’re saying he is, him sticking up for you in the Mist stuff is a way of gaining your trust.
Bill: Then he could set you against someone else cause you trust him over them.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Lmao
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): When you say most stuff
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I thought you meant Aurii
