Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Snow posted to her story that she should “maybe leave the cosplay group she’s in cause she’ll never actually be accepted or whatever”
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I saw that 😔
Bill: I unfollowed her and since everyone’s using these unfollow apps she probably knows.
Bill: But I’m tired of her pushing her lewd account, Steven universe, share for shares... and the PA shit.
Bill: I should have muted her I guess but eh.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): O do people really use unfollow apps
Bill: Georgia does.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Scroll down your followers list and compare it against your memory
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wait. I havent really noticed her pushing the lewf account
Bill: Idk I kept seeing it.
Bill: Maybe I’m just *t r i g g e r e d*
Bill: ~~still say lonely and laid is better than lonely alone~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): She’s just annoying LMAO
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): If you’re lonely and sleep with people though you might get an STD and die
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Mean Girls has some good information on this
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You will get pregnant. And die.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Exactly and that sucks
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I followed zeikani and she followed me back. Bless. And.liked every single neir post
Bill: 🙄
Bill: I’m chatting with her rn, every sentence includes “what a mood”
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): what a mood
Bill: I feel so... young and hip.
Bill: Except I know that’s a lie so it’s just weird.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wut
Bill: What I said.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh I missed a message.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Still there's no like age limit on memes <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Bill: Tru!
Bill: I’m just not an owo person usually.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You are now. The owo gets everyone eventually
Bill: Love Leanna and Erik are now constantly in sync.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): snow makes me so mad
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): heckin drama queen
Bill: mm. Wait for her to say "I guess you can come to my marvel shoot now"
Bill: When Jackie changes the time on the event I'll believe it.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): snows so annoying
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): idk if its part of my bad morning but shes always annoyed me
Bill: She's annoying yes. But I don't trust her to not twist words so keep to minimal pleasantries.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): oooo this snow person is in bne. when did that happen.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Since a bit before last katsu
Dirty Lego (Tom): She had the whole bullying drama
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah erik invited her i think
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): she doesn't talk much, does she?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): in bne
Bill: No. She's being PA on insta about the group too, because we 'don't support her' or someshit. Which I don't so.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): after she screwed over leanna i dont trust her
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): what happaned with her and leanna? :0
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): they were dating, and snow got mad at leanna for not making instagram posts defending her from the drama
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and this was like a week into the relationship and leanna was like "idk whats going on"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and then snow threatened suicide and dsiappeared for like 24 hours
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ooooo oh boy.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): yikes
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): that's a big yike
Bill: The squid squad is close to her, but I don't trust her and I'd say a good portion of BNE doesn't either.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ~~who's the squid squad~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): the PA squad doesnt even trust her as much anymore
Bill: Rebecca and friends.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): o
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): less now tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): shes been hanging with steven universe people
Bill: ye.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): can't wait for the next episode
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): another small thing that bothers me, meg is "the worbla girl" but like.................. a lot of us use worbla
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like i get it, her armor was remade 9 times but her first set was cardboard
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _makes lux armor entirely of worbla to usurp_
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): yeah i wasn't fond of how they were assigning roles to people
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): collaborative effort the way to go
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): has she made anything aside from pyrrha out of worbla?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): uhhhh
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): not that i know
Bill: She’s building the robot waifu from franxx.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): o is everyone going to the friday rwby pajama party? if our group is all going should i pack a rwby wig
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): shes bigger on foam if anything
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im goin to the pj party for rwby and bnha
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aVJcIUPHWzH8yBHCy2H1Ay_pXSrl8TsEbboA8CTns8I/edit#gid=0
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i'm bringing tsuyu for the pj bnha
if everyone is going to the pj rwby one then i'll bring uhhh
idk but i'll spin a wheel and pick whoever the wheel lands on
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): after the hall contest if i don't have any more photoshoots and there are no good panels i should be free for the night. might search for some people to catch up with them.
Bill: ~~Katarina~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): yeah that's the hall contest and potential photoshoot but you said you wanted to change it to another time? i'm still wholly up to shoot katarina at that time
Bill: When is hall contest over?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): idk
it starts at 5, judging takes 5 minutes so if I'm lucky it'll be done at 5:05. could take 2 or 3 hours though depending on how many people are there.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): s'why i was looking for a line buddy
Bill: Go tell Leanna that.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): "leanna i think there's a conspiracy going on with hyperrealistic waluigi drawings"
Bill: If you line together you’ll be done approx same time right?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ye we should be done ~10 minutes apart from each other
i thought she wasn't entering?
Bill: She is with penny.
Bill: Since it glows.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ~~is she entering beginner because i stand no chance against her she's too good~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): is this making friends is this how i become friends with bne 😄
Bill: You doing it!
Bill: So proud!
Bill: Proud con dad.
