Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m on this livestream with hunter and one other person and mangaloo for the RWBY episode and they’re all FREAKING out about bumblebee
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like... I feel like such a minority for not being obsessed with bees
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea... We feel you
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like I don't mind bees. But if feels like they really rushed it together this season
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Mangaloo heard me talk and went GEORGIA I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I am famoose
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): TRU
Bill: Oof. Fame.
Bill: And ye not being obsessed with bees is a bit of a problem rn.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~hunter talks so much oi vey~~
Bill: Again, oof fame.
Bill: Oh and in further talking to Dan, Jigglypuff RECENTLY (in the last week) accused Lanie of being one of the people who worked with Snow sending death threats to Mist.
Bill: And he’s leaving RWBY’s fandom because of it. Rip my henceforward Sun shoot.
Bill: But also the southern RWBY people are still batshit and keeping distance is my MO.
Bill: Hunter’s “the squads are starting to merge” theory be damned.
Bill: ~~Delaware squad can join them and get into that shitshow~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wow... That sounds like nothing I ever wanna deal with ever
Bill: YUP.
Bill: I dunno if they’re actually this insane, the fame went to their heads, they’re some justified and not explaining well, or sensitive snowflakes but whatever it is they need to keep it away from our happy little community.
Bill: ~~it’s like the orcs burning the god damn shire.~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like the snow mist thing is OVER(right?) like why is she still bring it up?
Bill: ~~jigglypuff is a raging bitch who needs drama to live?~~
Bill: Bitch was not my first choice of word.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): angry jigglypuff is actually cray
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): He name don't lie
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): [scoops up the good rwby cosplayers and holds them] jiggly cant get to you now
Bill: Anyway, Hunter is nice enough but watch that entire group Georgia.
Bill: As much as Hunter can annoy me, he’s not out for people’s heads. The people he loves and trusts have shown a tendency for it.
Bill: ... maybe setting up a definition for BNE as a “Jersey and boarding States Cosplay group” is a good idea. It’ll be an excuse for separation from the insane southerners.
Bill: I need to go to bed tho.
Bill: Stay frosty fame girl.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): STAYIN FROSTY
Bill: 😴
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Idk how this family is gonna survive when I go back to college cause my sisters have forgotten to bring something to school the last three school days
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And now it’s my day off, I have slept 6 hours, and I’m woken up again because a sibling forgot something, and my mom can’t drop it off because she’s already running late
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): what they forget?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Some stupid T-shirt for a program
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): make a SAW-like game
"you want your shirt? let's play a little game.... there are 36 scorpions in your bookbag at this moment"
something like that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ugh it’s just that this is the part of the divorce I hate, that I have to be surrogate dad now
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): be a stern no-nonsense old fashioned father
Bill: That sucks Georgia. 😢
Bill: They need to learn some type A habits from you.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah really I didn’t forget stuff this often
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And I was late to school maybe twice ever
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’m going back to sleep, my day off deserves it
Bill: Maybe they need to suffer a bit, be embarrassed that they forgot a thing.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): bring them a shirt but it says "i forgot my shirt"
Bill: No better motivation than the urge to not be embarrassed.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There gonna be shit outa luck when you go back to school
Bill: Leanna’s started saying Billiam too and I’m sussing out that Billiam is said by Just Friends ™. It’s a kinda childish name so it’s like not being seen as a legit man. ~~The theory could use a comment about physical attractiveness as well but it’s a non factor in my case, I’m just not.~~ So that’s an oof mood. Not really a problem but. Oof. 

But ye the fact that, with Rebecca, Erik and Leanna covered, everyone else in BNE has some form of romantic prospect going on is a bit sad.
Bill: Also my eyes are like, swol. They aren’t, but they feel puffy. I need sleep.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): billiam is just a cool name. like tape worm.
put frozen spoons on your eyes
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i've been home for less than 72 hours and i'm already insane, this house is in such a state of disrepair and it's like a hoarder's den
Bill: Rather than frozen spoons, more like a hot compress.
Bill: But I don’t have a washcloth in the office.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): orly? if they're puffy or feel like it, ice helps it un-puff
Bill: Are you going to get hardcore ~~spring~~ winter cleaning
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): the bathtub leaks when anyone takes a shower and is covered in duct tape. the toilet doesn't flush unless you manually fill the tank, either with a bucket or by turning a part on the pipe that juts out. but you have to make sure to turn the pipe back when you're done because it leaks through a hole in the floor into the kitchen.

i tried to get breakfast but I had to move an insanely heavy box and 2 shelves to get into the cabinet, and apparently I can't use any silverware because it's too badly tarnished? so i've been told to use plastic cutlery instead, but to get to that drawer i have to walk on the ground that's so gross and dirty, there's food droppings and water spilled all over it but I can't physically bend down to clean it up because there's so much junk in the way
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): also it's absolutely freezing cold despite the heat being on and i think it's because she covered up the vents without realizing it
Bill: O wow.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): the box in front of the cabinet was heavier than my suitcase, for reference lol
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): how has she lived like this for a year. all the food we have is instant stuff like hot pockets
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i was gonna cook her meals when i got back because my sister's wife said she wasn't eating well but i didn't think it was this bad. but i can't cook because there is no counterspace. i can't even use the stove, there's stuff piled on it.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Was the house the same when you left?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): it was in slightly better condition. I think i remember the shower issue, and I had to move stuff to get into the cabinet but it was lighter. we know it's a major problem and she's been saying all the time how she's setting aside time to clean but this is worse than it was before. I want to just carry it all down to the dumpster but she'll get super mad.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yeaaa 😭 ugh
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i see a coat hanger with like 8 hand bags on it and she only ever uses one or two bags, so i'll be slow and be like "you can pick 3 of these that are your favorites. the others will get tossed. if you don't use all of the 3 you've picked over the next month then whatever you didn't use will get thrown out also." I'll try that for everything because there's just SO MUCH

i hope that's not too mean but it's detrimental to her health to live like this
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): the 8 bags on the rack aren't even the purses she uses
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): that's elsewhere
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): she's super irritated right now. *it's probably because we can't do anything without a hundred unnecessary steps and we have 2 feet of free space in the whole house*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): That's not mean, that's just the way you have to go about it when people hoard
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm sorry you have to deal with that 😔
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): no no is ok but thank
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i talked to her just now since she woke up. she doesn't want to throw anything away. she says she'll sell it in her shop but the store is conveniently closed today. i told her i'm not going to make any more inventory for the shop until she fills it with all the junk then.
the stuff on the stove is a painting kit and a ton of candy canes?? idk what she's doing with the candy canes but she says she wants to donate the painting kit to veterans? ???
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): "we put it in a box out front and then the veterans come and take it"
ok
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): i just imagine the veterans as gnomes that come in the night
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOOO she's probably talking about the pick up think, certain days you can put out boxes of household items that get picked up and donated and it somehow benefits veterans? I used it a few times but I mostly out out stuff like extra dish sets, sheets and blankets, curtains and stuff like that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://pickupplease.org/newjersey/
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): This I thknk
Bill: It’s sounds like the items might not be in good enough condition for that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): https://pickupplease.org/acceptable-donations/
Dirty Lego (Tom): That's how hoarders get 😔 everything has a use. Yeah.. sorry you have to deal with that...
Dirty Lego (Tom): My mom has headed that direction a few times
Dirty Lego (Tom): I'd say first priority is getting a space to cook.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): oooo that makes sense
yeah most of the items she has are already secondhand, that's why she has them. no one wanted them and they were dirt cheap or free yet she thought "i can get this and sell it for profit"
oh noooo i hope your house isn't crazy crowded
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): she should play neopets she'll learn about buying and selling for profit
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): dont worry our house is not crowded. tom's parents is somewhat but not like what you are explaining
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): if ur house gets crowded i'm gonna go up there and ring the doorbell incessantly until it's cleaned up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nah our house gets a little cluttery and we both go insane and clean it up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): also i have this thing where i cant work on cosplay until the house is clean or else i feel guilty so is clean right now
Bill: and then the cosplay dirties the room.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): r i g h t n ow
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea but still organized chaos and ive been stopping to straighten up everything every so oftena nd put away what i dont need
Bill: I'm only teasing. You can't craft and be super orderly.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Marisa just live in our sideroom and make cosplay. The only option
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): like a brownie
Bill: I just realized now that I'm in an office with Jing and Vincent all the time there's going to be a lot more conversations in chinese which I'll assume are about me!
Bill: Spice for the everyone in BNE thing, finally chatted with new hire kun and he also married. 4 married, 1 live in dating, me. 😅😂
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I raise you that not every person has romantic prospects going on
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Some are using each other for sex?
Bill: *Is that exactly worse*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _yes it’s very lonely and emotionally unfulfilling and will only tank someone’s self confidence_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It’s just a numbers game tho tbh, I feel like everyone’s met a significant other at work or school or con
Bill: The numbers game argument sucksssss. Putting aside nothing happening in college, work is as listed above and cons I can give Kotori as an example; I met a married woman, a girl and her boyfriend, another girl and her boyfriend, and a lesbian couple(?, not sure wtf Zeikani's MO is). Like, I'm unlucky but *woowsers*
Bill: Tis just... frustrating. Makes me think I'm the weird one. 😅
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Testimony from men that have slept with hundreds of women says it’s the numbers game
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It makes sense, it puts you out there for rejection a lot but still
Bill: Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): there are an assload of variable that go into it, obviously numbers is a part of that
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I mean yeah of course it’s a hundred different variables
Bill: Which have just... not lined up... in 25 years. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I really think it’s the numbers working against you, at least for now
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): You’re not in school, no one in work really seems your age (and are mostly men anyways), and you’re a relatively shy guy at cons
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): How many windows to meet new people does that leave you with? Do you talk to people on the train? Do you have hobbies that put you in contact with other people (like the purpose a club at school would serve)?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Maybe you’d do better to open more paid shoots to the public, even at the expense of shooting friends
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It’s kinda like networking in a way
Bill: It is generally infinitely harder to meet new people after school. Jess can confirm, but I'd say cons are the best avenue to meet people, due to the size and immediate common interest. ~~The fact that 9/10 con goers are gay aside~~
Bill: People do not talk on trains. Much like I imagine Rutgers buses. You know my hobbies kiddo.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Wut
Bill: cons = best way to meet people post college thus far
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Idk, my parents met on a plane so I don’t rule that out 🤔
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And you spend most of your con time with friends
Bill: And... I don't think that works? Photographers are stigmatized at cons and if there's the business transaction layer on top of it... It's going to be 'here's your money, k thx'.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I met lots of people after school tho
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Cosplay!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Idk I’m friends with Claire and Ben now cause photography 🤔🤔🤔
Bill: A photographer trying to be friendly is... dicey.
Bill: You're a special one.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And there’s probably a lot of other people with the friendly mentality that I have
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Maybe you’d do good to join a local photography club or gym or bourbon networking thingy mabobber
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Assuming those places aren’t total sausage fests
Bill: I've tried local photography, all old people. Gyms I stick out, and also who wants to meet people while sweaty. And bourbon, as it so happens, is only drank by people in their 30s 40s.
Bill: For most people it's an acquired taste.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I’ve met people at the gym
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Rei is like the second best college female friend I have and we shared a class but really connected at the gym
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Your mentality of “people don’t meet there” is holding you back
Bill: All good ideas, just need to keep that ball rolling cause I've thought of things before.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Cons seem your best bet then
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I hate to say rollback from spending time with friends, but if you feel like you’re not making any romantic progress, then maybe you need to broaden your pool
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I know we like to joke about me, but look, the numbers work in my favor. Even if I don’t meet people at work, I talk to everyone at cons, and I spent school in class with 60 other men
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I may be friendly and generally like able but it’s undeniable that the numbers have also worked in my favor
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Join a yoga class
Bill: It's not a joke, you are a pretty girl in a *stem major*. 20 bucks says half your classes have wished they could ask you out. Now imagine the other side of that. I spent college in similar classes (though not 60 fuck that noise), which were at *most* 1 girl. And that was only around Junior year that started happening. AND I know that girl (archery club), she just moved in with the boyfriend she's had forever.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But you’re not using photography to your full potential
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Probably 90% of cosplayers, who need photos, are women
Bill: lol Yoga. I mean, I don't think I can do yoga. I wanted to try tai chi sometime tho.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Anyone can do yoga!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ^^^
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And yoga is probably majority women
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): In tight pants 😂
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Alot of workout classes are female dominated and there's something endearing about man trying them
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ^^^^^^^^^^
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Since you said you need to get to know someone before even being interested I think k you def need to join up with something that meets repeatedly and regulary
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And if everyone you know is taken and you only date people you know then you need to know more people
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ye!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Saying “I’m just alone and that’s how it is” is making excuses and accepting that things are just that way
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But if you acknowledge what the barriers are and work around them then there’s a much higher chance at success
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Not to mention, as your friends, it’s really frustrating for us to watch
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Meeting people at the gym if def a thing esspecially if you go same time same days
Bill: Correct. 90 percent those people are gay or LQBTQ, which is not something I'm terribly interested in (no hate, just preference). Lets say 50 percent of those people have had negative experiences with creeps at cons. They'll be extra guarded (justifiably) around anyone at con, particularly a lone male, particularly a lone male with a camera. Then you have the 30 percent with enough followers that they need to start being careful about whose trying to get close to them for what reason, and the 10 percent cosplaying with an SO. Now add to that general stigma to photographers, the potential business layer of money transactions involved, the people who have SOs to taste, and the fact that if a guy goes into meeting someone because they're cute it'll be obvious to her (so I hear, never been a pretty girl <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> ) and in the cosplay community that tends to attract judgement to taste.

Making 'use' of my photography is *very* hard in this scenario. My best bet is to actually be with friends, because if I'm with cosplayers I'm 'accepted' and not a lone photog. After meeting in the group I can continue from there (not that this ever happens, because anyone we've met falls into any of the above categories <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138> ).
Bill: @ photography to full potential.
Bill: Think the gym I was looking at switching to has yoga.
Bill: ~~I was *very* depressed october-december, I was in no state to do any barrier breaking~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But your regular photography too, not just cosplay photography
Bill: Con photography *was* my doing barrier breaking, originally. I wanted to make friends through cons. Why I still don't charge. Though see the Kotori example for how well that goes 😭
Bill: oof. I barely have ideas for regular photography. I need a pet to photograph endlessly.
Bill: I need inspiration on that, one of my current to dos.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Well you ain't gonna meet anyone that way
Bill: true, but that's more to address the fact I want to do more regular photography. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I'm saying like maybe join a photo club or something? You work in the city so there's bound to be stuff like that
Bill: Going into things saying 'can this get me a gf' is sketch, pretty people can figure that out too.
Bill: I'm on meetup.com for that, actually.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): If you think everything is sketch then...
Bill: I get a lot (a FUCKING LOT) of emails from them about classes and the occasional shoot. But the groups are all empty, charge 100 bucks, and seem very business focused.
Bill: Young photographers, at least judging by Unique photo and newton photo club, are a rarity as well?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Joining a club or getting involved with something that can simultaneously fuel an interest whole also helping you meet people isn't sketchy
Bill: oh ye, not bashing the club thing.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I think you're too self concious for you're own good right now. If you go into every meeting a person at a con thinking "oh I'm creepy, oh they don't wanna talk to me, oh they're probably gay" then it won't work. From what I know, no one at cons thinks you're creepy. And not all photoags are creepy
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): But if you think your really being stiffled by then then try cosplaying. It's a confidence booster, youll get involved, you won't have the photoags label that worries you anymore
Bill: mm, I was saying yesterday (oh my god that was yesterday, my weekend really was insane) I'll do Hazel next time the squad is RWBYing up.
Bill: ~~and I need you help to finish one of those Mirio wigs~~
Bill: Or at least the wig head.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Ooo nice. I think I missed that
Bill: I said it in person. 😛
Bill: Self conscious I am, the '25 years no dates' does get to me.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh I thought you were saying that I was there or around for it
Bill: Nope.
Bill: Gabi was in some kind of photo club around here wasn't she?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I think so. newton.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Like when I had low confidence I got asked out extremely rarley the only time I ever get unsolicited attention is when my confidence is high. Like people can sense it or some shit
Bill: theyyyy cannn and I can't just buy self confidenceeee~~~
Bill: mmbleh.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Money can't solve everything
Bill: But that's what I have amazon prime for.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 🙄
Bill: ~~I'm working on it, it's not I hate eating carbs~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): No one hates eating carbs 😂
Bill: *my point*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): plus I didn't say you weren't working on it
Bill: No you didn't.
Bill: anyways kind advice, you good frens <@!351471675843411978> <@!245270932602486784> 😉
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thank
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): we try because we care and want to se eyou happy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i hope we didnt come off too harsh, but maybe you just need a little kick in the butt from us to start running with it on your own
Bill: You're fine. You really didn't tell me anything I didn't already know. Lamenting perceived futility is stress relief.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye and we usually just see the lamenting
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so we worry that that means youre not taking actuon
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hence, the butt-kickery
Bill: There's only so much anyone can do. It's... not quite luck, but the luck aspect is there.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): eh i still stand by the fact that you can make the numbers work in your favori
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): tho im glad to hear that youre trying out a diet; regardless of the results, youll feel more confident having stuck to something
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): (and carbs tend to make people sleepy anyways actually)
Bill: ~~The numbers are 1 out of 36 people have no current romantic prospects despite their age and various social outlets in the last 5 years~~

~~alternatively 1 in 36 people have no list~~
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): list of?
Bill: List of people interested in them.
Bill: It's not an all good thing tho. it's how you get douches like that Sean character.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): seam?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): shaun?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah what a CUCK
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHODAT
Dirty Lego (Tom): WUTDAT
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): that one guy that was like "break up with your boyfriend for me or we arent friends anymore"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and i was like "ok bye"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but secretly i was really devastated cause i had thought that he would be a really good friend for like 4 months
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): but all this time he was just trying to get me to break up with hal, or at minimum, get in my pants
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he regularly begged me to take his virginity after i told him im not dumping hal
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OOOO i always forget his name for some reason
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye he old news now
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): he dropped out of the one class we had together this semester cause it was too hard for him
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so now hes failed out of comp sci, gave up on physics, and idk what hes doin now
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mwhahaha
Dirty Lego (Tom): Holy fuck
Dirty Lego (Tom): Damn yeah I haven't heard about him since that day
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ye then i told tyler what a jerk shaun was and tyler said he always thought that shitty mcgee had anger issues
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): shaun tried to text me at the beginning of this semester saying that he was sorry but also asking what he did wrong
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _like he doesnt know_
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and i ghosted him
