Bill: someone remind me to delete the peacekeeping message from vent-support in the morning.
Aldus Larian (Jess): just delete it now
Bill: Think everyone saw it?
N🆗ri (Marisa): ye probably
Aldus Larian (Jess): everyone who needed to yea
Bill: kk.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Noah said something yesterday that’s just kinda been sitting with me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He was telling me how he always looked at what his girlfriend’s goals and stuff were, and only really considered dating girls in the same aspirational bracket as him
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So I was like oh yeah what do you think of me
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And he was like “I know what you want and you could definitely make it go NASA. But. Idk how successful of a person you’d be from there”
Aldus Larian (Jess): hmm... sounds maybe he needs to question what he defines as success
Bill: I've brought up before government jobs have issues compared to private sector in stem. But even if that's what he meant, that's a roundabout way to make that point.
Aldus Larian (Jess): success for mean me means living comfortably, having a secure home, a secure relationship, a job i dont hate, savings, and be able to enjoy leisure time on a regular basis. to others success mean a big house and 10 cars and a vacation home.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah I have to take it with a grain of salt
Aldus Larian (Jess): success is SUPER subjective
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He’s competing for a professorship and he believes he won’t get to a PhD program without a 4.0
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Still feels weird tho
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I guess like he doesn’t believe in me
Aldus Larian (Jess): if it bothers you talk it out, assuming does no good
Bill: You need to talk to him about it. That's it's bothering you, and how he made you feel.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeaaah that too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I was trying to figure out if I was overthinking it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But even if I am, I probably still need to talk it out
Bill: Yup. Communication.
Bill: Backbone of relationship.
Bill: All that jazz.
Aldus Larian (Jess): nah i dont think you are overthinking it, but its def something you have to talk about
Bill: It... does sound rude, unsupportive? to me. But that's *my* opinion. Which should be taken with grain of salt here.
Aldus Larian (Jess): Im not sure in what manner it was said. I dont want to judge to hard, but I get the vibe that statement could be coming from a place of privilege
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah it’s weird cause I’d define working where I want to as success
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And clearly he believes I’ll be successful enough of a person to date?
Bill: We don't know what he believes. You need to talk to him. Sounds like you feel slighted by the comment.
Bill: He knows what he meant by it.
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah def talk to him about what he means
Elfriede Faun (Tom): And tell him that bothers you
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Wonder what happened to snow
Erik: With her I always assume it's another suicide scare... which is upsetting... and I just hope she's okay
Elfriede Faun (Tom): Yeah my assumption as well
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah I heard the bullying stopped so I wonder if there was some other trigger
Bill: Yeah.... but the Mist stuff is over so dunno what it could be.
Erik: is it really over?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye it turns out someone else was behind it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Mist and snow are friends now
Erik: oh good
Aldus Larian (Jess): I think she has deeper routed depression then just that, but I dont know her very well
Bill: Neither do I.
Erik: I was wondering because I saw Snow comment like, nice things and hearts on one of Mist's posts and was confused
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Update: I did overreact, Noah meant it in the way “how could you be more successful than NASA”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Aha thanks girly hormones for making me assume the worst
Aldus Larian (Jess): OHHHH ok
Erik: *~sign of relief~*
Aldus Larian (Jess): but see thats why communication is so important! if you didnt ask your mind would have just kept spiraling
Erik: Speaking as a boy, we don't do words good all the time so if a boy ever says anything off-putting like that there's a chance it's just word flubbing
Erik: ~~but not always because boys just suck sometimes too~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Entirely possible
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I ain’t gonna stereotype the STEM majors but we’re even more prone to doing it lol
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _what a relief_
Aldus Larian (Jess): everyone is prone to messing up words
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I felt so bad too cause I was like “what you said the other day, it made me feel like a failure” and he went all wide-eyed like “WHAAAT?”
Erik: oh yeah we STEMers are not good at Englishing
Aldus Larian (Jess): dont feel bad
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~X is a letter? I thought it was just a variable~~
Erik: yeah don't feel bad. that's just part of communication
Aldus Larian (Jess): you need to talk sometimes! words can get misconstrued at anytime
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Tru, relationships take two to tango
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But it’s not like either person is a mind reader
Aldus Larian (Jess): LOL sometimes tom says things and I know what he meant but it still makes me feel weird so i say something
Erik: my ex was atrocious at speaking her feelings so anytime I said or did something that made her feel a type of way, she just got mopey and quiet and didn't talk. Like, I knew something was wrong and I wanted to talk it through to fix it and she would just shrug it off and say "It's whatever" which has since become one of my biggest pet peeve phrases
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And you guys have been dating a _long time_ and that still happens
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~omg hal did that~~
Erik: So like, communication and being able to talk things out is super important in any relationship
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye even friendships
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Any relationship really
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Communicating is really a skill
Bill: Did you just say Tom and Jess are dating.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Marriage is just advanced dating
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Dating level 2
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea is v. important
Aldus Larian (Jess): we still go on dates
Aldus Larian (Jess): so we're dating!
Bill: gay.
Erik: Like when I try to apologize for doing or saying something that upsets someone and they reply with "It's whatever" I'm just like...
Bill: Feelings~fucking~suck~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah it’s just like IM TRYNA TALK <:BOI:549661126141411351>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Tho I’ll admit guilt to doing that on occasion
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But usually that means I need some space to put on some music and chill and then talk
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea i've.... done it before too
Bill: Everyone does. We're human.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah or sometimes I need like 10 mins to be like “ok I’m angry but this relationship with this person is more important than my upset-ness”
Aldus Larian (Jess): usually when Im not ready to accept the apology just yet
Erik: which is understandable. I often just wanted to fix the problem and go back to the cuddly good feelings but she needed time to think, but at the same time she was usually good at speaking her mind
Erik: but usually she wouldn't even talk to me about it and then eventually we would just be back in a better place? it was weird and emotionally exhausting
Aldus Larian (Jess): yea sometimes you just have to wait for the mood to wear off, jumping back intot he good times is hard when you are still emotionally hurt
Aldus Larian (Jess): also everything is completely situational
Bill: There is a thing called a refractory period with emotions, according to Paul Ekman, where you can't not be controlled by an emotion. The time frame varies, but it can be minutes to hours. Even if you actively acknowledge you are angry and irrational, you can't not be angry, it's not a switch you can turn off until the period ends. During that time frame, everything will be tinted through the color of the emotion. You'll be more depressed, more angry, etc. The trick to it is to identify you are in said period, tinting your reactions to things, and wait until the bias is gone before trying to work through it.
Bill: When you need to cool off, that's what you're doing.
Aldus Larian (Jess): big fucking mood
Bill: After learning about that I don't think I've ever left an argument angry.
Bill: Because I acknowledge my responses are heated because of the argument, I use that as a basis to apologize.
Bill: something like "i didn't mean to yell/say thing, I'm just angry and I'm sorry."
Bill: Doesn't solve the *issue* but lets you get through the bias timeframe without making it worse.
Bill: ~~I'm not as good at calling out sad as I am mad though~~
Bill: Books called 'Emotions Revealed: Recognizing Faces and Feelings to Improve Communication and Emotional Life' and specifically talks about micro expressions, how to recognize them and such. Good read.
Bill: He also did research on using the face to detect lies.
Aldus Larian (Jess): that titles a killer
Bill: Inspired the series Lie to Me.
Bill: ~~Watch Lie to Me, they solve crimes by reading faces and it's fucking amazing~~
Bill: Totally the inspiration to read the research.
Aldus Larian (Jess): is it on netflix?
Bill: used to be, I think they took it off.
Aldus Larian (Jess): rip no watchie
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah one of the bigger things I’ve learned at college is how to people
Bill: *learning
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Oh well yeah I’m still here lmao
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But I’ve already learned WAY more than I knew in high school
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And will continue to do so
Aldus Larian (Jess): life does that
