Bill: Deedee is a fucking trip.
Bill: 
Bill: 
Bill: 
Dirty Lego (Tom): Which one is Deedee
Bill: That Kaiba cosplayer from CCE two years ago. And the Vic basher is her.
N🆗ri (Marisa): get outta here charlie
Bill: I don't strictly disagree with the point. No one should be forced to sign erotic art. I don't think, given the cosplay communities demographic, you can refuse it just for being gay, but like. I cannot imagine a scenario where someone getting tentacle porn of a woman's character is okay. I dunno how that scenario happens for yoai, yuri, or anything else.
N🆗ri (Marisa): no yeah, i've helped escort people out of the convention before because they tried excessively to get vic to sign yaoi. making someone sign something they're uncomfortable with is sexual harassment and not cool.  but the other person is obviously memeing and he's just picking a fight.
Bill: oh yeah, that's the whole 'a trip' part.
Bill: Pretty sure that person runs a youtube account or something to bash popular figures, momokun... Idk, I don't look too deep into it.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i expect a callout video for charlie in the upcoming days
Bill: Second canning.
N🆗ri (Marisa): what was the final straw? people have been trying to get this to happen for over 10 years. what made people finally start firing him
N🆗ri (Marisa): who'd he mess with
Bill: I dunno actually.
N🆗ri (Marisa): internet says that when the new dragon ball movie came out it brought up discussion of vic again and people were sick of him getting away with it, so they started callouts on twitter that finally went noticed, including pictures of him kissing an underage girl in 2014
N🆗ri (Marisa): good writeup
https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/interest/2019-01-30/far-from-perfect-fans-recount-unwanted-affection-from-voice-actor-vic-mignogna/.142212
Bill: Okay, I have to say it.

Rebecca sounds like a middle aged woman when she texts.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Does she use a lot of ellipses
Bill: no like.
Bill: It's just. exactly what I would see on comments for my Mom's facebook posts.
Bill: Same energy.
Dirty Lego (Tom): Oh right he voiced Broly
Dirty Lego (Tom): I forgot
N🆗ri (Marisa): Inpatient hospital programs for depression suck. They’re so counterproductive.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I hope she can go to Katsu and the hospital doesn’t hold her back.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah I had to call 911 when an ex boyfriend tried to kill himself
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I was his emergency contact while he was at an inpatient program
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): So I had to visit him at one point to get updates on how he was doing and stuff like that, the place was so oppressive
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Eugh my stomach sinks just thinking about it
N🆗ri (Marisa): Oooh nooo
Good angel Georgia
N🆗ri (Marisa): They don’t allow you to have cell phone chargers in case you try to strangle yourself with the cord. They try to fix everything with medicine and don’t you anything that’s happening or planned.
N🆗ri (Marisa): I was allowed to have a charger one night because I didn’t sleep I would just sit there doing nothing so they gave me my phone charger but i had to be in view of all of nurses and aides at all times 
The way they keep you there and don’t let you do anything just makes life worse. Going to Katsu would be heaps better for a person’s mental health than being restricted to that torture.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And you can’t even wear your clothes!
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I thought that was the weirdest thing
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah that’s why it sucked to be visible to everyone at all times, you have to wear a hospital gown. That doesn’t help your mental state yo you gotta express yourself
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And weird sock things
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like really thick and ill-fitting socks
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I was there for all of 15 minutes because it was really awkward visiting an ex after you just called the ambulance on him
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But i could only call it oppressive
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): All the white light and sterile stuff and the boredom must be horrid
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what did i miss today?
Bill: This stuff is about Audrey being in the hospital again.
Bill: I missed that myself though.
Bill: I think Rebecca types like a middle aged woman.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh no! poor audrey 😦
N🆗ri (Marisa): We’re all staffing at geekdom
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): WHAT NO OMG
N🆗ri (Marisa): Gonna take turns in the dunk tank
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah poor Audrey
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I didn’t realize her struggles were so bad
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i had never thought that the hospital option was on the table, I just thought she regularly saw a therapist or something
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its a tough time
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im glad mark takes it seriously
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): apparetly some other dude is a pedo too, cool. https://www.facebook.com/meisiansensation/posts/10214303573443731
