Bill: ~~I think Leanna might be over exaggerating dashing ice cream and it amuses me~~
Bill: Sounds like flamey shit between a mono shipper and all the bee hype.
Bill: Looks like they posted this and people blew up as anti bee.
Dirty Lego (Tom): where is this happening?
Dirty Lego (Tom): oh fanart that makes sense
Dirty Lego (Tom): http://dashingicecream.tumblr.com/post/182150223492/im-sorry-if-youve-made-a-post-about-this
Dirty Lego (Tom): yeah pm i think
Dirty Lego (Tom): hard to say tho
Bill: Ye. There may be shit deeper down, but I don’t really care, I just like the art.
Bill: Monos is a cute ship imo.
Dirty Lego (Tom): like Jess mentioned to me, you can also dleete a lot of stuff
Dirty Lego (Tom): yeah it is
Dirty Lego (Tom): but also leanna is scary with bees so
Bill: So it’s a she said she said thing, and all I’ve learned from Snow is anyone involved with that is trouble.
Bill: Ye Leanna could get toxic if you pushed the wrong button.
Dirty Lego (Tom): prob not with us, but i could see her getting upset ye
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nsfw stuff would have been purged too
Bill: ~~I ain’t tellin Leanna I like monos~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): What happened? Finding in chat is hard
Bill: Fanfic. Nothing major, she just said dashingicecream is a bad person because X and Y... whatever maybe true or not, I wouldn’t be surprised if Leanna on a bee hate bandwagon other angry bees have started against a mono shipper.
Bill: +1 to the IBM turn over rate.
Bill: The team lead for my old project was walked out on Thursday.
Bill: Also their shifting desks again... and the guy next to me (until I end up moved, probably) seems to be able to completely ignore the noise canceling on my head phones?
N🆗ri (Marisa): finding bumblebee shippers be like
https://66.media.tumblr.com/fcc5207a5d56163c2633b3035db14f49/tumblr_plprkgbcuX1xfyfl7o1_540.gif
Dirty Lego (Tom): Lmao
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): biru can you please stop the blake joke?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its really starting to annoy me...
Bill: Mmkay.
Bill: Also Anna... somehow thought it was about her?
Bill: I guess?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i guess so
Bill: Works out nicely then.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Everything in BNE is just going over my head today oops
Bill: everyone famous now.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i hope it doesn't seem like im butting in
u can count me as a backup cosplayer if anyone else wants to be blake since im not very good
N🆗ri (Marisa): i just like cosplay
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): MAWISA NO U ARE GOOD BLAKE
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ANDD RUBY AND ANYTHING ELSE
N🆗ri (Marisa): naw. u ever see a good cosplayer? they're so good. 
look up whoozica and wezrez and tomukun. examples of some good cosplayers. wowee.
Bill: YOU ARE TOP TIER
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah they are
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Bill: YOU MEANS MARISA.
N🆗ri (Marisa): who that
N🆗ri (Marisa): you ever hear your name and go "that my name" but it sounds weird
names are weird
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): did i tell you guys about the meeting that was me, other jess and jesse

and my boss was like "ok Jess you can go"

and we all just stared at him
N🆗ri (Marisa): did you all take the opportunity to leave
N🆗ri (Marisa): or did you fight to the death over which one jess was allowed to leave
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): we all just looked at him and each other and then he was like "oh haha"
N🆗ri (Marisa): *but he didn’t clarify which jess*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he did after that
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): wasnt worth getting yelled at if i was wrong XD
N🆗ri (Marisa): Biru with the nice save
N🆗ri (Marisa): Uuuugu I can’t tell if the dress pieces I’m putting on are too tight or not because everything hurts too much
