Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Duuude the Zenkaikon RWBY shoot has 69 people going or interested
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): That’s up from last year by like 20
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I mean two years ago
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): It went 48, 58, and now it’s 69 and we’re still a month out
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): C O O L
Bill: That's not really tea though.
Bill: Will be exciting.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): oh also hal is interested but meg isnt
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): thats the tea
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): forgot that bit cause i got so excited bout the numbers
Bill: The numbers are more interesting.
Bill: Considering rtx people aren't going to be there, it's plenty of new people.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): mostly BNE and then a bunch of new peeps yea
Bill: ~~So no tight knit group that no one can interact with if you weren't at RTX~~
Bill: oops. Now I'm adding tea.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): OH tristan was looking into going too
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): so if we end up with an extra spot (idk who has confirmed yet?) theres a back up person
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): theres like three middle aged people interested... huh
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i would assume theyre bringing a kid or something
N🆗ri (Marisa): haha 69
Bill: *I'm still working wtf*
N🆗ri (Marisa): wot
N🆗ri (Marisa): don't they know what time it is
Bill: it's not even an india based team, jeesus.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): You're still at work?!
Bill: I'm home, but working.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993>
Bill: When the fanfic hits waaaaaay too close to home <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): UGH hes such a contrarian
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): u g h
Bill: He's holding his tongue to avoid making an argument. He doesn't feel he can push his opinion without us turning on him.
Bill: Which is technically a bad thing.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i feel like he always disagrees with peoples opinion
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hunter pointed out that he was argumentative and i wasnt sure i believed him but g o s h
Bill: He always was yes. You look past flaws when your attracted to someone.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): rose colored glasses are POWERFUL
Bill: yes they are.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i feel like hes like "uhHM aCtuaALLY" ALL THE TIME
Bill: He's not doing it maliciously. He wants to share his opinions.
Bill: That's what you have to keep in mind, it's *not* that this is new behavior. You're just noticing it now.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): yeah and id punt past georgia for dating such a weiner
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): you guys are good friends for supporting that relationship irregardless of how annoying he can be
Bill: ha.
Bill: Thank you.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I dont find him all that annoying. he def has a different opinion alot of the time but he has good points most of the time.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i feel like he just lives to be a contrarian
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): my sisters the same way, she disagrees because she feels like it
Bill: True. I don't think you need to thank us. He was who he was at the time. We made our opinions on our own, not because of your relationship. If I really didn't like him, I wouldn't have dealt with him.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): tru you did shit on him with me when he kept forgetting things and making me miss formal balls
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): which i told him every time _were important to me_
Bill: I'm not the one to use as a standard though.
Bill: Do remember I had a lot of complicated feelings going on.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i think you all did it
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): cause he had a weird temper tantrum for the katsu formal, forgot something for the zenkai formal, and then something else for the animenext formal?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh yea hes def unorganized and forgetful
Bill: Georgia. Everyone did not have the same feelings I did.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): cuz like thats not his whole character?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like hes also really witty and funny. he was fun to be around as long as he wasnt in a mood
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): no i mean for the specific instance
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like you and jess and everyone were like "ok this is getting old"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): i couldve SWORN
Bill: He certainly was good at keeping a room talking yeah. Good at breaking awkward silences.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): tbh im not used to exes hanging around
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): which further frustrates me cause i dont wanna keep getting mad at him existing
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea no that specific reocring forgetfulness was annoying
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like all katsu all i wanted to do was see him crash and burn like UGH
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea thats really unhealthy ma gurl
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): both my exes moved away and have stopped conning and i never had to see them again for the most part
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ya it definitely is
Bill: I can relate, actually. The answer is to forgive him. I've got nothing for you on how.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i mean i understand you are still mad at him but hes not still breaking up with you ya know? hes just trying to live his life
N🆗ri (Marisa): i found greg hard to talk to the 1~2 times i met him irl and then didn't know how to act when i saw him at katsu
im sure your feelings must be complicated and you really despise him, i wouldn't blame you for avoiding him as much as you can but i see how that's hard when everyone is friends with each other
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Yeah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like I wanna move past it, it’s been almost 6 months
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But damn he’s annoying as heck
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And other people said he’s been a jerk to them
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like David was like “Hal only came up to me to ask about you, or only did it when you’re around. He’s stopped answering me otherwise”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like ok maybe hal feels awkward talking to david still but like... hal and I having David come to five guys and hang out with us is the reason he has the jesses and lex now
N🆗ri (Marisa): oooof
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): He complained to Scott how expensive it was having me as a girlfriend, neglecting to say that I paid for him the first half of our relationship because he had no job
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oof
N🆗ri (Marisa): ?????????????????????????????????!!???
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ~~thats bs cuz he insisted on buying things for you ~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Lex tried to chat with him, said that he made her uncomfortable with his “fuckboy vibes”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like damn
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): HE ALSO told Scott he “let me go for character development”
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Like it’s hard to ignore when he’s just been a shitmonger
N🆗ri (Marisa): w h a t
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Maybe cause Katsu dredged up all these stories, maybe that’s the blame
N🆗ri (Marisa): does he think he's the protagonist of some trash manga
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And I know this one wasn’t his fault but hovering by me all BNHA pj party was weird
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Especially with booty in the air for twister
Bill: Those comments are... contrarian... to his trying to clear the air with BNE. So much as I hate to validate it.
Bill: He was probably bitter for a good portion of the con too, because of memories.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Probably
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And I’m sick of being angry I really am
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And I know I’m not good at letting things go to begin with
Bill: Well. You have to forgive him for that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hes trying to look stronger than he is i think
Bill: If you figure out how, feel free to share cause I got nothing for you.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hes trying to talk big game saying "i didnt want her anymore"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its like a shitty defense mechanism cuz his words say one things but his action say another from what ive seen?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Anna said her brief encounter with him, he just looked sad
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): like he wants to play league when you do, he does music stuff when you do, HE DEF was checking out that booty at the pj party
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I KNEW IT
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): yea he seems sad alot too
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): at first i thought he was playing twister WITH you and i was like D:
Bill: Yeah I thought I saw him looking at you during twister too, confirmed.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): i think the harsh words are him trying to convince himself a little bit too
Bill: I can see that.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): its an unhealthy way to deal but i think alot of people use it
Bill: Yup. Anger is a secondary emotion to hide something else.
Bill: You can use that to avoid the real feelings which hurt more.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i has video of twister if you need it
N🆗ri (Marisa): he glance
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 👀
N🆗ri (Marisa): max file size 8mb asrdjfjhgr i'll try putting it in the google drive
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _evidence_
N🆗ri (Marisa): https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YlqlEJnpaslk9Kbk2Flw6jXJOuwmUaEX/view?usp=sharing
N🆗ri (Marisa): there another one it's processin
N🆗ri (Marisa): processing 5ever
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1956SdB-4TpEqr8Xdwo0s-L0PHxOUkSzZ/view?usp=sharing
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): That would explain him tryna talk to me at con
Bill: As much as I didn't want to fix the dashboard (which I'm not doing right now cause *everyone's shit is on fire and I need to spit on all of it till it's not*) I'm suddenly glad we didn't give it to Vaibhav. He's not as smart as I thought he was, judging by my last few interactions with him.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): NOW THATS WHAT I CALL EVIDENCE
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): https://media1.tenor.com/images/4032ce51044768471284fffb426d2cd8/tenor.gif?itemid=6111167
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): LMAO
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im LOLing at work
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): hes like OwO whats this?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): the middle one cracks me up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lmao I know 😂
