Tikur (Kurtis): Im sorry my guy *giant bear hug*
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): https://data.whicdn.com/images/151570536/original.gif
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): is it love, or a wrestling move?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Tom hast thou watched toradora?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): oh yes ofc ❤
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Ok phew u scared me there I was worried it was a fearful moment
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): close one i know 😤
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): toradora is one of those few animes that literallly everyone has seem
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): i rarely meet anyone who hasnt seen it (that watches anime)
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yet oddly no one watches the other sides of the tsun triangle. Maybe because they suck.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): lmao probably because they suck ye
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): man Shana was so cool back then tho
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): and Louise
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): WE TOOK WHAT WE GOt
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): alright Louise was never cool
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Aria was also never cool
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Louise the most subside of the bunch smh too much tsun in that dere
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): and that one girl from Okami San that was just all of them combined
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): OH YEAH with the punching?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): oh nonono the side character
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): the bun
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): i find her
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): https://ghostlightning.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/ookami3.jpg
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): the Hair to the Tortoise
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): also voice by Rie
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): although the main character too ye
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Oooo
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): What am I thinking of then
Ookami-San and punching
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): This
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Yeah same anime
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Oooooo
It’s been so long I’ve failed u
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The rabbit was just a side character
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’ll reread the manga
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The entire thing, RN
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Kk
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Starting immediately
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): No wait, the packing
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Can’t leave the country until I finish the manga
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): <:shocked_pikachu:511736860859432971>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): i love the Taiga cameo in that anime too
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1X37_b99P8
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): O surprisingly it’s only 4 volumes
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): There she is!!!
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): oh wow
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): and the railgun girls
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Have you ever seen pani poni dash? As jam packed with references as lucky star
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): oh shit i have not
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): OR the first episode of osomatsu-San that was such a masterpiece other companies threatened to sue and they had to never air that episode or use it on DVDs again
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): i could have sworn that there was a Nagisa cameo in an ova of Shana or Toradora but like the tiny version of her
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
It wasn’t toradora but possibly shana? Maybe?
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): and shes mad at the male cahracter and calls him hayate and they're confused
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): “Who you?”
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABWm9X7Gy6E
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): it was def shana but i cant find the scene
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): There’s a promotional video where all of the rumic world characters meet, and Ranma and Inuyasha have the same voice actor so they’re like “why do you sound like me”
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): omg the chibi shana. Takes me back to simpler times.
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): https://youtu.be/qjHjX5Y5MSg?t=159
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): this is why noone knows them anymore
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): tiny Shana takes years off of my life
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): What did you make me watch with my eyes
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I know, im sorry, ill pay for my crimes with my life
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Cash and checks also accepted at the main branch
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): OMG IT GETS BETTER
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): https://youtu.be/qjHjX5Y5MSg?t=159
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I wonder how low their budget was
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): holy shit it just keeps getting worse
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): theres no end to it
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The golden era of anime right here
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): i cant believe i just skimmed through all of those for Nagi to appear in the last on i check
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pl79WaxNRiI&index=8&list=PLHdv6INPy1VqcxoLjP-nnDk9YuDRXp4tQ
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): ITS ALWAYS THE LAST ONE YOU CHECK
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): That’s the law of the universe
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): YO
Deuce tried to recommend Labinnak and Mangaloo as Zenkaikon guests
That’s a little weird right
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): 
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Burlesque tends to be our only non-judge cosplay guest, and cosplay guests are absolutely worked to the bone. Most guests are.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I've seen her ask for people to suggest her before
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Does she compete? Usually if you compete at cons it’s a super easy way to get guest status. People who’ve reached craftsman status or above can become judges which usually has a lot of prestige attached.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Sometimes? I think?
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): That’s good then! If she keeps goin she’ll be more likely to get a guest spot 💃
Bill: Really awkward when the building staff comes over to our office with someone to show them the office, since we move rooms Monday.
Bill: I feel like a fish.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats how i feel when they do interviews
Bill: At least interviewees have some reason to be here, I dunno who tf that guy was.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): prob a guy looking to rent the space maybe?
Bill: exactly that ye. But that's it, interviewees I can introduce myself to for the 5 seconds Japneet brings them by.
Bill: This guy just like 'owo?'
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oh when they bring interveiws by that literrally stop in the door way and dave goes "oh and thats jess" and then keeps walking
Bill: pretty much what Japneet's been doing.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): im ready for today to be over now
Bill: mood.
Bill: I got another 40 minutes before I can bail.
Bill: Nothing is getting done.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 1.5 hrs
Bill: Oof. Part of me wants to look at the last two years and see how my photography has improved, but I’m also low key scared I have improved at all.
