Bill: Speaking of extended families... my cousin whose my age has been dating i guy like 10~15 years older than her. Finally saw a picture of them.
Bill: ~~why he looks so... bland~~
N🆗ri (Marisa): N O
yikes
Bill: He’s not even the image I had in my head of a guy she’d like whose in that age group, some rough and tumble looking guy who only looks the part, big and bearded.
Bill: This guy?
Bill: Uh?
Bill: Looks like the guy the rednecks invite to the nascar races when they need one more person to fill out the seats.
Bill: I talk to her once every 5 years so like, w/e but. Weird.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Snow said Meg was one of her favorite cosplayers
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Now she really is dead to me
Dirty Lego (Tom): Ah yes the 12:30am Hal Meg tea
Dirty Lego (Tom): Right on schedule
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): its like crackin open the daily paper
N🆗ri (Marisa): so BoJo and my aunt Vivian stayed at a hotel overnight after the wedding, since that's where the afterparty was and the hotel had a discounted wedding rate and Vivian had flown in from California with the groom's daughter, Bella (who is also internet famous enough that she can't go to the grocery store or to the gym without being recognized by strangers and constantly spoken to). Bella is 7 and lives with aunt Vivian. Vivian was in charge of watching Bella after the wedding while everyone else was getting drunk downstairs.

My cousin Jade is the younger sister of the groom, Anthony. Jade has a boyfriend who didn't talk once during the wedding. He's a super handsome arabian model-looking dude but she didn't introduce us to him or anything, and they have a kid together (AJ who's like 2). BoJo says that after the wedding at around midnight Jade came in asking for Bella saying she should come sleep in her room.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Jade is rooming alone with her boyfriend, all the young children except Bella were sent to other relative's houses for the night, so AJ is not there. Jade is not drunk at all, she didn't drink anything during the wedding either. I was across from her at the table and she didn't speak to me despite my best efforts to get her attention lol. Jade keeps trying to get Bella despite Bella already being in bed. She tries like 4 times before finally coming back and saying "Anthony wants to see Bella."

Vivian had just been downstairs getting snacks, and Anthony didn't say anything then so she thought it was weird he suddenly wanted to see Bella and asked why Anthony didn't ask when she was downstairs. Jade shrugged. Vivian woke Bella up and personally took her downstairs. Anthony said "why is Bella awake? Why'd you bring her downstairs?" and denied requesting to see her. Vivian played it off and went to go back upstairs. As they were getting in the elevator Jade kept grabbing Bella's hand and trying to pull her away saying they were gonna go back to her room and see her boyfriend.
N🆗ri (Marisa): BoJo says it was reeeeally weird and they were afraid Jade was trying to grab Bella so the boyfriend could do something messed up. The only time we heard his voice was when he was talking to his son and he had the kid-speak down perfectly so it was a bit concerning, and Jade had no reason to be taking a 7 year old back to their otherwise empty room in the middle of the night.
N🆗ri (Marisa): oops this was long
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): OMG
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): that so scary
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): you went home after the wedding?
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah, I went home with my sister and her wife
When BoJo told me about it I thought maybe Jade had gotten drunk after the reception because Jade is really obsessive with kids, so I could see her being drunk and wanting a baby to coddle (if you give her an infant she'll never let go), but BoJo said she was dead sober.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): what the hell
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): thats so weird
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): why would she just want to take her? niece?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): is it her niece?
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah it's freaky. like, if something was going sour with the boyfriend she could've just stayed in the room with BoJo and Vivian and not gone back, or stayed downstairs where the party is if she wasn't feeling safe. But she specifically insisted to bring Bella (ye her niece) back to the room alone with no one else (not even allowing Vivian to come along even though Vivian was against it anyway because *bella was asleep*).
N🆗ri (Marisa): and she straight-up lied too. that's what shook Vivian the most, that Jade would lie about Anthony wanting to see Bella just to get a hold of her
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): and Anthony was the groom?
N🆗ri (Marisa): yee Anthony is the groom, Jade is the sister of the groom but she wasn't in the bridal party
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): why would she try to do that? wth
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah we couldn't think of a single reason other than maybe the boyfriend's a predator. we hope that's not the case and we've seen too many crime shows but there's no reason to be taking a 7 year old girl to a room alone in the middle of the night.

meanwhile my sister and law, my second cousin, and I were trying to make a family tree and failing horribly
Bill: That's sweet. the second part. Not that predator thing.
N🆗ri (Marisa): mostly because someone would ask "who's that?" and everyone would shrug
N🆗ri (Marisa): it was funny my one cousin was counting how many people were like "hey! what's up! it's... you!!" and couldn't recognize him
N🆗ri (Marisa): they played You'll Be In My Heart and he went INSANE he was like "***this is my jam***" and ran to a corner to rave
N🆗ri (Marisa): we got this far then gave up
N🆗ri (Marisa): only the people at the wedding so close enough
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so many people
N🆗ri (Marisa): we forgot vivian's son oops
half these people have kids but aren't married we don't know who's who
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): so your grampa has 7 kiddos?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): from 2 laydees?
N🆗ri (Marisa): my sister and I think there's more but we can't remember them all, my mother says she had 10 siblings 🙀 
all of them are from the first lady and then he remarried after she died but didn't have any more kids because he was sick of kids
N🆗ri (Marisa): fran is a saint
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): oooo okl
N🆗ri (Marisa): sometimes someone just shows up and bojo is like "yeah that's your cousin" and we just kind of accept it
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): YEA thats how toms fmaily is
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): many toms in your family
N🆗ri (Marisa): we need to stop having families <:pyrrha_scream:426395020736724993> too big
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I feel weird sharing the jnpr pics from katsu but they are too good and Georgia said it was ok
Bill: Ota but also yeah. I may skip the album highlight for that.
Bill: Also it’s been a long time since anyone tagged me for a photo.
N🆗ri (Marisa): i need more names for you
Bill: ~~the start of my replacement via Hunter~~

Kidding for once, I think everyone been quiet on insta. Crunch and depression.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea the depression done take me
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): but i think im climbing out of the whole now, katsu should be fun
N🆗ri (Marisa): this is for depression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAIGb1lfpBw
