Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I was lookin through my old Instagram tags
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I found pics from Katsu 2017 and now I’m all melancholic cause that’s when Hal and I hit it off
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I know he’s a different (more annoying) person now but in 2017 I was in a really bad place and he had a big heart
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Eughhhh feels weird man
Dirty Lego (Tom): Oof..
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yeah understandable tho
Dirty Lego (Tom): Plus you did date him for a year
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Late Night Emo Thoughts™
Dirty Lego (Tom): So close to 12:30 this time xD
Dirty Lego (Tom): Is this the only time you allow yourself in college to be emo 🤔
Dirty Lego (Tom): Only passed 12:30 is allowed
Dirty Lego (Tom): But it can't cut into 1am
Dirty Lego (Tom): That's Mac and cheese hour
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): YEAH
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 12:30-12:59 is emo time
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): 1 am is the Mac and cheese hour, which as the name implies, runs for an hour
Bill: ooooh oof Anna a civil. We made fun of Civil engineers at Rowan. They get a degree in playing in the sandbox. 

I don't think Anna is like that at all but I'm glad that she's a civE came up before I used that bit in a conversation.
Dirty Lego (Tom): I know it's normal for college culture
Dirty Lego (Tom): But it's not very nice to make fun of peoples majors imo, even tho people do it literally all the time
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ☝️
Bill: It was an engineering in joke thing. CS tagged along, even though we're the 'broke stem guys who get the asbestos building'.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Still doesn't justify it though. I was an art major trust me jokes like that hurt
The Dad Next Door (Swolfy): Most people go to college to learn and grow. Getting a degree takes work. Doesn't matter the major. They're making an effort to improve and shouldn't be put down for it regardless of their major.
Bill: I... agree with all these things? I can't count the number of conversations I've had with multiple people in this channel about how valid everything they learned is and they are smarter than they appear? These are not personal insults, and my comment is that I'm glad I didn't use a generalized joke, *from back in college*, which might give Anna the idea I doubt Anna's effort and intellect.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yes, but the way you said it implied that it was likely you would still say those things in conversation
