Bill: *Sometimes, I feel like when BNE be bashing token loser guys, I should be offended.*
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): uhm no???
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): they talking about "nice guys"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): at least, thats what ive seen
Bill: They're not talking about me no, but like.
Bill: Nevermind it.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): played league with hunter and hal
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): hal pointedly asked if i saw hunters video of meg
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like _hm_
N🆗ri (Marisa): i woke up to a lot of various, unrelated anxiety-inducing news with a lot of deadlines, and then stepped in vomit. today is not the best day. <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Dirty Lego (Tom): Oh no 😱
N🆗ri (Marisa): sylvia has been a bit sick recently. my cat senses saved the katsu stuff just now though luckily.
she usually doesn't get sick on the beds because she knows that's an important area but sometimes she can't help it (very understandably) and she got really sick all over the bed where the costume wips were laid out. i managed to rescue the costumes, i just hope she's ok. it might be because she's laying right next to the freezing cold window above an excessively hot vent and the two temperature extremes made her sick after breakfast?
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yeah that's possible👌
Bill: Do you need to take her to vet?
N🆗ri (Marisa): If it persists for a few days we will. She used to get sick a lot until we switched up her food. I’ll keep a close eye on her, though we don’t have any money for a vet right now if something is wrong. 😭
N🆗ri (Marisa): I’m hoping it’s the weather.
Bill: Must protect kitty. Will contribute to Silvia gofundme.
Bill: But mmkay, sounds like this is something that can just happen? Haven’t had a pet since I was a kid so I don’t really know anymore.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Thank. I will murder for her if I must. 
Yeah it might be a common cold, or she’s also rather old and sensitive to little changes in things.
N🆗ri (Marisa): Luckily I can work from home today (the HOA is paying me to make the newsletter and do some record keeping stuff) but tomorrow and the next day I’m stuffing letters so I hope she feels better by then. And the money for this is going towards the electricity which’ll get shut off Friday if it isn’t paid lol
N🆗ri (Marisa): Jack let me take the fabric for ray and Katarina for free which was very nice but I gave him some money anyway because I felt really bad about it
N🆗ri (Marisa): i should’ve asked him to put it on my tab hehe
Bill: Oh I meant to ask you, do you get all your supplies from that store? Or do you raid Joann/ like everyone else?
N🆗ri (Marisa): It’s only fabric and a few small accessories. I use Jo-Ann’s where there’s a really good coupon and Jack doesn’t have the fabric and I need it ASAP (because he has a relatively limited selection but he can order anything you need if you request it). I use Aliexpress for other sewing stuff, Amazon for thermoplastic, and Walmart for paint
N🆗ri (Marisa): Like I was gonna go to Jo-Ann’s yesterday but they permanently closed the nearest location so I found a 40% off hobby lobby coupon and went there instead
N🆗ri (Marisa): Saved $2 <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
N🆗ri (Marisa): That was the store that Shannon (snoelle cosplay she’s famous for her overwatches) used to work at. Sad!
Bill: I think she used to be friends with Zeikani.
Bill: Or something.
N🆗ri (Marisa): She’s super nice. I did photo shoots for her at Kotori for a few years and her shoes light up.
Bill: Fucking wow. Unique didn't process the return of those lights. I'm glad I looked at the receipt.
N🆗ri (Marisa): this company sounds like all kinds of good fun
Bill: The fucking skater boy manager they have there is a tool, looks like anthony palmari, and CLEARLY is incompetent.
Bill: I've *never* had problems with them before.
Bill: I don't know why they've so ROYALLY fucked this up.
N🆗ri (Marisa): greg bein gross and casually admitting to doing heinous crimes
