Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Lol people really can't take hints
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ughhhh Hal is going to ice skating
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): This is gonna be the first time I’ll see him since August
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): UGHHHH
Bill: Aww. Leanna sounded like she could take or leave skates, thought she might Kotori.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Uh oh
Bill: ~~only reason she was going is she didn’t want to go home from Erik’s and then down to Kotori~~ 👀
Bill: *its going to be a couple skate so maybe that’s a good thing*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): UGH I'm so fucking bored we have no internet at work
Bill: OOOOOF sounds like hell.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): 😭 it is
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): /forces Justin to be my bodyguard all ice skating
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Understandable
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I don’t want hal coming up and trying to act all chummy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): _we ain’t friends_
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Just be like "who are you?"
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): New boyf who dis
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): <:dab_chunni:370384480613040138>
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Well just pop in to
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): 
Bill: he did thank me last night.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): For photos?
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Went out of his way to message you?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My battery is on 35% someone save me
Bill: *plug it in*
Bill: I messaged him about the album upload too, he's in the shoot.
Bill: Privately, because I have no need to be in group chat with you and him anymore.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't have a charger
Bill: o0 Why?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I don't bring my charger to work cuz normally I use my computer and barely use my phone
Bill: oh. I always have a charger in my bag, then one at my desk in NYC.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I have another cord buts it's on the table at home so that doesn't help
Bill: But streaming music and tethering on the train for 2 hours kills my battery.
Bill: So it's always been a *need*.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Yea I usually get home with plenty
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): I do have a tiny on here but the cord is really short so it kind just has to hang from my computer
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oops NVM it's broken
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Interesting
Bill: I really didn’t want to home tonight... the deal was Katy and I find our retirement accounts rather than pay rent. Katy hasn’t been. So she’s getting the news she’s paying rent going forward and she’s not going to like that. She’s going to get pissed and it’ll be a three hour shouting match. These damn things tear me up and I hate them.
