N🆗ri (Marisa): i wonder if anyone in my family gets that i'm ace
i figured bojo would've known but she still occasionally does the "when u find a nice partner and have kids some day" and i'm like <:lenny:395307171539189760>
my cousin's wedding is this weekend and i haven't seen most of the family in at least 5 years so i'm gonna act cool and aloof to ward away weird questions
Bill: Be sure to push up your glasses anytime you say something.
N🆗ri (Marisa): "have you met any nice guys yet?"
"yeah i met this guy at the bank, really nice customer service."
scarf down 12 mini quiches
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Awkward family questions are the best
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'll counter with really aggressive questions. "i dunno aunt linda, is your son still addicted to narcotics and passing out in random store bathrooms every day?"
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): There ya go
Dirty Lego (Tom): Lmaooo
N🆗ri (Marisa): my uncle used to crack really perverted jokes and always ask weird innuendo laden questions and i would answer super naively. that will be fun to do again.
N🆗ri (Marisa): like once before a con he asked "so all the girls are in these skimpy outfits? they like to show off? maybe i'll come with you" and i'd be like "oh yes there are fashion shows and many wonderful craftsman competitions they put so much time and dedication into the outfits they're all wonderful, there are even how-to panels i'll take you to where you can learn how to make them too" and he just sighed
N🆗ri (Marisa): *i wonder why his daughter was obsessed with babies and got pregnant the moment she turned 18*
N🆗ri (Marisa): there's an odd number of men in my family who thought playboy bunny accessories were cute gifts to give their daughters and their friends
N🆗ri (Marisa): when they were like, 5
N🆗ri (Marisa): man i hate family reunions
Dirty Lego (Tom): WOAH wut
Dirty Lego (Tom): Lmao
Dirty Lego (Tom): Here you got my daughter
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): What the fffff
Dirty Lego (Tom): A nice bunny suit
Dirty Lego (Tom): Yes
Dirty Lego (Tom): This is what I want my daughter in
Dirty Lego (Tom): So she can find a ripe young male in his 30s
Dirty Lego (Tom): And have the child
N🆗ri (Marisa): nah that wasn't till at least preteen
OH YEAH key dated a guy in his 30s when she was like 16 oh man
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): nOooOOoOo
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nao
N🆗ri (Marisa): it was like, kids shirts with the playboy bunny logo or cheap gold bunny necklaces and bracelets and stuff
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Is this a cousin of yours?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): My friend's dad did merchandising for Playboy and give me undies and stuff and my dad found them while doing laundry and was like "you shouldn't have these you're lie 14'
N🆗ri (Marisa): jade is my one cousin who's obsessed with babies and had one the first moment she could. her child is huge like he weighed 16 pounds and did not look like a newborn when he was born.
key is a close family friend who's close enough to be considered family i guess
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah!!! why do they make that stuff!!!!
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Oh. Important point my friend gave me the stuff not her dad
N🆗ri (Marisa): ok phew
N🆗ri (Marisa): crisis averted
N🆗ri (Marisa): was gonna go beat someone up
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Her dad didn't know we were taking the stuff it was just in their garage
Dirty Lego (Tom): My cousins  got married  <:lenny:395307171539189760>
Dirty Lego (Tom): They were first cousins
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): TRUE
N🆗ri (Marisa): but why
Dirty Lego (Tom): She was already married anddd got addicted to something
Dirty Lego (Tom): Got divorced
Dirty Lego (Tom): And he had already been through rehab so they bonded over that
Dirty Lego (Tom): And boom married
Dirty Lego (Tom): She already has two kids with the first guy too
N🆗ri (Marisa): did they have any kids of their own
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Not yet
N🆗ri (Marisa): *yet?* 🙀
Dirty Lego (Tom): <:lenny:395307171539189760>
N🆗ri (Marisa): how low are the chances of me finding someone ace who can put up with me that i can drag to family events to silence their questioning
N🆗ri (Marisa): "yes this is my destined soulmate we're taking out many loans to buy a boat and sail to greenland where we'll open a maid cafe."
Bill: Maybe!
N🆗ri (Marisa): every time they inquire about this person we make up a more ridiculous backstory
N🆗ri (Marisa): i'll hire someone on craigslist
Bill: You should go to the pride parade Leanna went to last year!
N🆗ri (Marisa): i like waving flags
N🆗ri (Marisa): i bought a swimsuit at the tokyo pride parade fair and the lady selling it was like "are u buying this for your girlfriend ;3c" and i was like "yeah sure <:lenny:395307171539189760>"
N🆗ri (Marisa): i also bought a rainbow chipmunk and got a fan that explains why lebanon in Israel is the most homo place in the world so it was a worthwhile trip
N🆗ri (Marisa): there's a lot of infighting in the lgbt community though where people think aces shouldn't be included
Dirty Lego (Tom): Just had just said that too
Dirty Lego (Tom): Out loud
Dirty Lego (Tom): We don't pm sitting next to each other
Dirty Lego (Tom): Usually
N🆗ri (Marisa): eeeehhhhh
why not
that's prime pm time. why exert your vocal chords
N🆗ri (Marisa): facetime jess as she sits next to you
Dirty Lego (Tom): I know that bi girls that are dating men get slot of shit
Dirty Lego (Tom): Or straight people at the parade that are just trying to support it
Dirty Lego (Tom): Gate keeping suck yo
N🆗ri (Marisa): yeah i don't get the hate against bi people who are in a hetero relationship like that doesn't make them any less bi
peeps be crazy
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~megs birthday do you mean time to stay off instagram~~
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): im like already a little miffed cause hal and my "thing" was going to the ramen shop
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): and thats what hes doing with meg, at the same ramen shop
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): like i shouldnt be pretty and yet 👀
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): he a one trick pony
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): ~~enjoy ramen with your secret relationship meg and hal~~
Bill: They’re official now though right.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): Ye
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): They answered their story polls that they were taken
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): And last time I played league in like January, Hal said they were finally official
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But Hal went on this whole tangent that putting his relationship up online was what screwed him over and blah blah nlah
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): I think he’s afraid of being judged
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): But anyone who was gonna judge already did just that
N🆗ri (Marisa): i wanna hear chris's actingl but there's nothing on his twitter <:rip:369476083248267274>
N🆗ri (Marisa): does he live in texas?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Nah he lives in PA
