Bill: *FUCKING CALLED IT*
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): collect your earnings from the bet pool
Bill: *And to think, I thought he was gay for a year*
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): He's bi for sure
Bill: *oof*
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): ??
Bill: *not a single react to the @ everyone*
Bill: Guess I can shelve that idea.
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): mmm i didnt react cuz idk if id want one or not
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): besides shipping them its not really something u need to plan in advance for though
Bill: I'll just stop worrying about the pricing thing and print when I feel like giving a gift is all.
Bill: pretty sure hunter is using like, super wide landscape lens for portraits.
Bill: ~~Hunter's shots aren't *that* great are they?~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I like the Dva shots but something feels a bit off about the other shoots
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): The bnha costume designs are neat but what’s the AU/crossover they’re doing?
Aldus and Heaven Too (Jess): Some fanfic
Bill: Prince and Prince I think they said.
Bill: There was one of the D.va shots was good, but like, everyone freaking for... the fandom right?
Bill: Ugh. I need some more confidence.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’m trying to figure out what it is but something seems a bit off. They don’t feel like cosplay photos, if that helps. Or maybe the background is too busy?
Bill: He used a landscape lens. It's so wide it's getting a fish eye effect.
Who Ya (A)Finna Try  (Georgia): NGL its also a meg-hunter-lissy-hal circlejerk at some points in the convo
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Hmm. Maybe it is the lens then? I dunno, they just don’t give off a cosplay vibe. They aren’t bad pictures ~~but if I saw them in an advertisement I probably wouldn’t book him for a shoot sorry hunter~~
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): He must be using a different lens because his other images didn’t have this problem did they
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): I’m gonna stop judging since I can’t take a decent photo
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): And I’m being mean >:0
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Whoever is in charge of the Zenkaikon Facebook now should stop posting memes. I get that it’s to keep interaction up, but there was a ton of drama about that happening with another con last year
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): It’s worrisome
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): I like the gazebo picture and the dva ones ye,
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): The rest are pretty normal
Elf(riede) on a shelf (Tom): Oh yeah that was anime next right
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Yeah! I thought so but wasn’t 100% certain but I’m pretty sure it was next
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): Someone wanted me to edit a picture I took of them I should do that while I study
Bill: Please be mean cause I’m salty everyone likes him so much. I feel left behind, washed up, dead in the waterrr.
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): maybe I’ve been in japan too long but I feel that cosplay photography is different from regular portrait and people photography
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): In japan cosplay and stage plays are referred to as 2.5D
Nokwi-chan uwu (Marisa): O I see why I think they’re off now. They’re very realistic. It’s good person photography but the characters feel out of place
