Persimmon (Floob): **SCENE**
Patchouli finds herself quietly humming a strange tune as she works on her knitting. The quiet of the dorms on the students' day off is discomforting to most, to the point where even most shut-ins leave the campus for the day. But Patchouli finds it quite relaxing, if not liberating, to be able to practice her singing and choreography in the halls without fear of being seen. Today, however, perhaps she's let herself get a little too comfortable as her volume increases.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Vidalia found roaming around school to be a source of entertainment but it quickly looses its luster when she's past the same stair way 9 times. Making her way back to the dorm soft singing catches her attention. Now it was a scavenger hunt. Vidi runs around for a while before finding the source of the sounds. "Patchy!" She calls approaching the woman.
Persimmon (Floob): Patchy's quills stand on end as she spins around to locate the voice that called her name. "V-Vidi! I thought you'd left like the others..." She giggles sheepishly, turning deep red both with embarassment and with the sudden realization that she hadn't actually confirmed if Sona or Lynae had left either. "Um, you didn't... y'know... hear me, right?" She looks down and sighs and her ruined project, torn apart by her sudden startled movement.
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Vidalia tilts her head to the side slightly. "Sona and Lynae were gone before I woke up," she fiddles with her fingers like a child getting scolded. " Was I not suppose to hear you?"
Persimmon (Floob): "Not supposed to? I-I mean, I guess it's fine if it's just you..." No good, she couldn't shake the constant sense of paranoia that someone else was listening now. Someone meaner, perhaps. She then mentally scolded herself for thinking that any of her teammates would make fun of her, but that wouldn't change anything. "But you know, I'm not much good for company on your day off..."
Noctis (CORN BITCH): Her eyes fell to her shoes. "Something we have in common," She replies softly. "I was planning on napping the rest of the day anyway. Its boring here."
Persimmon (Floob): "I was planning on putting on a little show, personally," Patchy said before immediately regretting it. What if Vidi asked her to perform? She hastily added, "Alone, of course! I need a lot more practice before I can show anybody..."
Sherwood (Will): Sona's ear twitches as she sees the door to their dorm open. Crouching slightly as to reduce the sound of her footsteps, she slowly approaches until she hears two of her teammates talking. Closing her eyes for a moment and shaking her head for being overly paranoid, she turns the corner of the door frame. 

"Hello girls." Sona says, making her way to her dresser. She looses her hair from the ponytail it was in and makes for finding clothes to wear after showering off the sweat from her run this morning. The black tank top and yoga pants she had one were destined for the laundry. "Keeping busy?"
Argent (el Cap): Lynae stepped forward, making her way towards Sona. Shadow-boxing against some imaginary target, she idly commented, "Doesn't seem like it! Is this just a day for lazing around?" She japed, smiling widely. 

"At least our Sona here is keeping herself busy and doing her washing. The good thing about my semblance is that washing is extremely easy. A bit expensive with all the dust, though..."
Persimmon (Floob): "I was keeping busy too, you know..." Patchy muttered, tossing her little craft project aside. It tended to be difficult to find clothes that fit someone who had spines all down her back, so she tended to have to make her own. She also shot Vidalia a sharp glare and fiercely thought, _don't tell them what we were talking about,_ as if trying to communicate telepathically. Unfortunately, she couldn't help doubting that Vidi was smart enough to pick up on it.
Sherwood (Will): "You can't tell me the dust to make bubbles is cheaper than some laundry detergent. Be more frugal Lynae." Sona says. 

"None of you intended to do anything today? Shop? See friends? Work? Explore? Anything else... Normal?" She trails off at the word normal.
