Erik (slendergiant): 
Erik (slendergiant): I'm really glad that every card I win in a crate is white fang or grimm that I never use 🙃
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ^
Erik (slendergiant): *I don't need these*
Georgia (Something Sensible): you need JAUNE
Mark (Mad Doctor): We all do
Erik (slendergiant): I don't find him that useful with the rest of my roster lol
Georgia (Something Sensible): yatsuhashi is good?
Georgia (Something Sensible): damn
Erik (slendergiant): He does placement damage so it's good for when you've got a swarm of something approaching
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Your roster is expensive :o
Erik (slendergiant): Yeah... blew my free 1000 lien buffing... it's taking a long time building my lien back up when I only win 2-6 lien with each crate 🙃
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I meant aura cost wise lol
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I play with cheap aura to overwhelm
Erik (slendergiant): oh so that how some people are able to place so many characters in short amounts of time
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Yeah
My decks average aura cost is 3
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Yours looks closer to 4?
Erik (slendergiant): 3.9 yeah
Marisa (Weeb): the aura limit sucks i can't find a decent balance
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Im p satisfied with my deck, I've only lost 1 time so far
Erik (slendergiant): yeah i've lost more than that...
Erik (slendergiant): I had a draw with someone earlier
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): 
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Thats my current deck
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Its a little to expensive atm but its working
Erik (slendergiant): oh yeah you've got 3 group ones that get annoying
Erik (slendergiant): for your opponent
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Yep
Erik (slendergiant): the baby death stalkers are pretty convenient as well
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): A knock up, a freeze, an aoe dash
3 ranged groups
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): A tank
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): And jaune
Georgia (Something Sensible): jaune is most definitely a class of fighter
Erik (slendergiant): Blake is my savior because she can immediately get to the turrets
Marisa (Weeb): baby death stalker is my new favorite rwby character
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Finally got around to playing this some and got all set up 😂
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): One Justice review on steam.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can't make this shit up.
Jess (whoozica): ~~me but with todoroki instead~~
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I don't think it's going to be worth 60 bucks tho...
Jess (whoozica): itllprob go on sale in a while tho
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Yeah, I'd get it too.
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i got it for 50 bc of amazon prime but. yea i relate to those reviews (not specif toga but Others)
Erik (slendergiant): Amity Arena is infuriating me but I can't stop playing but I end up quitting because I'm losing
Erik (slendergiant): Needless to say, I'm a very sore loser with this bullshit game
Erik (slendergiant): Also, I just bought One's Justice. Downloading now
you want fucking rwby chibi?: i wonder if mine shipped yet,,
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~no don't tell me that~~
you want fucking rwby chibi?: nope! thanks amazon can i _please_ have a functioning oayment method
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just got Amity arena myself. No judgement so far. I'm enjoying close games, but it sucks when you get matched with someone a level above you
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): ~~is it a large download~~
Mark (Mad Doctor): Just got Yang
Erik (slendergiant): ~~I got it for the Swotch and it's got 18 minutes left~~
Jess (whoozica): Ooo the Chibis are cute
Erik (slendergiant): So I just tried Hal's low aura team method and it worked significantly better holy shit
Erik (slendergiant): Except when it doesn't
Erik (slendergiant): Update on One's Justice: played a few chapters of story mode, got bored, tried arcade mode and rage quit because it wasn't letting me get any hits in 😑
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Oof
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Now that I could play amity, I know I am terrible.
Mark (Mad Doctor): I don't mind sucking at a game, as long as it's fun (I'm looking at YOU, Overwatch). About 1/3 of the Amity Arena games I play are really fun nail-biters. The rest are blowouts, and being on the losing end of a blowout sucks
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Eh. I might enjoy it if I understood strategy to it, but I don't understand any of it.
Erik (slendergiant): Place your cards and hope for the best
Mark (Mad Doctor): High aura are heavy hitters. Low aura respawn faster
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Key strategy to figure out is how to break the first tower.
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): One turret then center tower is usually what worked for me but sometimes people go fucking ham with their placements and you just get bombarded
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): yeah.
