Rebecca (madameterralupus): My issue is how are people the same rank as me placing so many at a time? Mine take forever to like load or whatever so I can only place so many on the arena at a time... 😫
Erik (slendergiant): The ones with lower aura recharge faster
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ahhh. I probs nothing I have in my deck is that. Woops
Erik (slendergiant): So it's smart to buff your lower aura ones because they'll recharge quicker but last longer
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Think of it in card game terms
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Do you want a burst deck, or a control deck
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I play burst, where i make my decks design focused on low cost high speed
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): The weakness is low durability, and its weak to aoe stuff cause of it
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Thats where variety comes in 
Im running jaune, whos a low cost and decent tank, 
Plus yatsuhashi for defense with his tankness and knock up aoe
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): If i use these two to take the brunt of enemy unit attacks, i can spawn a bunch of the low cost group ones to deal with anything else, especially if im using the range ones
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I had Jaune, Ruby, Yang, Blake, Weiss, Yatsuhashi, the big grimm (cant recall name atm), and the scorpion grimm in my deck 🤔
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Its also important to know when and where you should spawn things on the map
If im getting attacked, i spawn anything with range behimd my towers
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Also lol I like never played card games growing up so wouldnt be much help if I thought that way 😫
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Oof yeah rebecca, those are a lot of nice name cards but the dont work well together
Ruby has a dash, but yang has a knock back
And blake is only super useful for targeting towers that are low on hp or distracted
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): ~~this game is basically clash royale and i used to play that a lot~\
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): ~~so i know strategies really well~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Tbh... I am the worst at any game.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I swapped out Yang but to the one white fang thing. I may just swap a bunch around and see what happens until I get it right XD
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Thats a good way to do it :) 
Its important to mess around and try a bunch of different methods until you find what you like
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Who knows you could find a really weird combo that kicks ass
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Mhmm! I just started playing this afternoon too so still getting the hang of everything since a day behind all of ya'll lol
Erik (slendergiant): Yeah I had team RWBY in mine and it was awful
Erik (slendergiant): Blake is good for getting right to the enemy turrets and can do some decent damage and only requires 3 aura. Weiss is pretty good for defense by freezing your opponents if they're attacking your turrets
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yea I deff like Blake and Weiss. I think imma keep them in
Erik (slendergiant): As much as I love Yang, she hasn't been as great as I hoped because of her high aura (5) and usually can't even get close enough to the turrets to do any decent damage
Erik (slendergiant): The scorpions are great because there's so many but they're weak so I definitely want to buff them when I can
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Biker yang isnt that good, im wondering what her later versions are like tho
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): I cant wait to unlock sniper rwby
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Snipers are always great in these games
Erik (slendergiant): Oh... I have sniper Ruby...
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Whats her aura cost
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Weiss can wipe a baby deathstalker drop.
Erik (slendergiant): 
Erik (slendergiant): Still 4
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think for the mean time I found a decent line up. Just won a 2nd battle
Halim (Mobiusmelt Cosplay): Anybody wanna do friendly battles in the academy chat
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol I'd be down. I'm probs the *worst* but eyy practice lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was literally just gonna ask the same so I can get more practice in XD
Erik (slendergiant): Ye
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Any of you figure out how to switch arenas? I think you can go back to training grounds to farm different cards.
Erik (slendergiant): I'm guessing you have to make it to a certain level to unlock new arenas
you want fucking rwby chibi?: whooooo tf is nolan? i dont remember shitall from the vytal festival
Erik (slendergiant): I think he's the N in BRNZ
you want fucking rwby chibi?: ,,,,,,mayhaps so
you want fucking rwby chibi?: odd choice of character but Ok
Erik (slendergiant): For, you know, that *one* episode
Marisa (Weeb): i was put in arena 2 with no warning. i think it's tied to your trophies and your level, and you can't switch between them at will
