Marisa (Mawisa): 707’s theme song is such a bop
Erik (Red Riot Thot): RIGHT???
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Was literally just thinking that
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Whose route are you aiming for?
Marisa (Mawisa): Jaehee!
I forgot how short the chats are in the original storyline. Deep mode has longer chats and another story chats are like novels
Marisa (Mawisa): I’m missing one party attendee only available on Jaehee’s route so I’m gonna grab them and finish my party attendee 100% completion
Marisa (Mawisa): Her route is also hilarious
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Lol nice
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I still haven't decided if I'm going Jumin or 707. I've been acquiring both their hearts depending on who's in the chats lol
Erik (Red Riot Thot): So I guess tomorrow night I'll find out 😂
Tom (tomukuncosplay): Jess always thinks I'm humming 707s theme when I'm humming Death by Glamor's intro
Jess (whoozica): Such a bop
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I need to make that my new ringtone
Marisa (Mawisa): Oh man I thought you’d be after Jumin but 707 sure is hard to resist
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That's not how being Catholic works 😂
Jess (whoozica): "thats not how this works, thats not how any of this works"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I'm honestly surprised that some of these characters are Catholic
Jess (whoozica): yea i was too!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): well, "Catholic"
Jess (whoozica): yea i think jaehee and seven claim to be "catholic" and jumin? i think? says hes "christian" at some point
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah
Jess (whoozica): YEA
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And they mentioned Rika was Catholic too
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Even Christian is a stretch.
Jess (whoozica): ye and V and Jumin went to the same church
Jess (whoozica): eh i think christian is  a pretty lose term, personally. but thats just me
Jess (whoozica): apparently 25% of south koreas population identifies as Christian or Catholic
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I looked up the demographics too
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think it was like 7-8% specifically Catholic
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): That’s the point. Christian is the loose version. Catholicism is rarer.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Christian is just the overarching term for believers of Christ
Jess (whoozica): yea i kinda just rounded them together for the "Jesus believing people"
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Within that are the different branches
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Catholic and Protestant
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Then there's Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox
Jess (whoozica): yea theres alot of different sects
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And the buttload of different protestant branches
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and the non-denominational generic Christians
Jess (whoozica): yea i usually just go for "generic christian"  for myself
Marisa (Mawisa): I complemented Zen and he gave me 4 hourglasses for one answer omg
Marisa (Mawisa): 
Marisa (Mawisa): I thought it was glitchin out a ton of hourglasses all tried to pop up at nce
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Oh, that Zen... 😏
Marisa (Mawisa): RFA rap battle when
Give it to us cheritz
Mark (Mad Doctor): Audrey just got into Danganronpa. She's revising Katsu cosplans. Seriously, kid?
Anna (loud and likely blonde): tell her that Zombie will love that
Anna (loud and likely blonde): that shes getting into it not that shes revisiting katsu plans
Marisa (Mawisa): We have a Dangan Ronpa group that needs people!! Who’s she cosplaying?
Mark (Mad Doctor): I'm talking her out of changing plans, but she's really into Miu
Mark (Mad Doctor): Maybe Zenkai
Marisa (Mawisa): Oh darn from DR3
If she’s considering any of the people not crossed out here.... ;3c
Anna (loud and likely blonde): how tall is she
she can borrow my 5' ash blonde wig if she wants to do something on not friday
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ok, Jaehee is actually funny this time around
Marisa (Mawisa): Baehee
