Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: *slaps ass so hard I break the sound barrier*
Evie (Katheryne Knight): https://media.tenor.com/images/dcc4f1a907ce9982e27dd97b2f004249/tenor.gif
Evie (Katheryne Knight): The clap of America's ass keeps alearting hydra
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Hail hydrass
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just saw Captain Marvel finally
Erik (Red Riot Thot): SO GOOD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Great soundtrack
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I fan-girled when Just A Girl started playing
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): omg me too!
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Perfect song
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): as soon as it started playing i like jumper around in my seat lmaoo
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that scene is so good
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think the only MCU movies I have to see yet are The Incredible Hulk, Thor: The Dark World, Ant-Man, Ant-Man and the Wasp, and Black Panther
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i thin all of them are on netflix
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): except hulk
Rebecca (madameterralupus): There's quite a few I haven't seen but managed to still know whats going on lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I keep meaning to watch Black Panther >.<
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I wish Netflix would put GotG 1 up... I've seen it but I really want my dad to watch it cause I think it'd be one of the movies he'd enjoy
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I just wanna watch Ragnarok again that's probably my fav movie hands down other than the first Avengers
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I'm such Garbo
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I just saw a screenshot from Ragnarok and it made me want to watch it again really bad lol
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Biiiig mood
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Also want to rewatch all of the Iron Mans
Mark (Mad Doctor): Watched the Ragnarok deleted scenes. Worth seeing for the abundance of Goldblum
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): I return from the movie
Am very happy Rocket was wearing his blue double breasted outfit from the comics. Is best outfit of his. 
Good dab and the universe was saved by a random scavenging rat. Good times.
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): Tfw mismatched subtitles in the Tokyo scene literally unwatchable 0/10
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): When does the rat get its own movie
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i hope its the first movie of phase 4
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "Rat"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "oh like rat-man?"
"no, just Rat"
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): “Oh so he’s like Peter pettigrew? Some kind of guy who transforms into a rat?”
“Not exactly”
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "does he has any powers?"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "No, he's a rat."
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): “Some kind of flerkin rat? Do tentacles shoot out of his mouth?”
“:lenny:”
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
