Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i just watched guardians 2 again, and i can honestly say no death scene in marvel has ever hit me as hard as yondus. fucking crying AGAIN
Rebecca (madameterralupus): He's Mary Poppin's ya'll~ ❤
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: *valid as fuck bc im gonna cry just thinkin about it*
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Ok pepper and Peter talking to Tony as he died
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: And pepper comforting Peter
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: And rhodie
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: And Tony
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: And
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: And
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: IT JUST HURT SO MUCH
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: DOCTOR STRANGE SIGNALLING TONY
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: HOLDING OME FINGER UP
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It pained me so much like. Ahhh Peter jsut lost another someone in his life... and fucking Pepper lost her love T_T
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: AND TONY REALIZ8NG EXACTLY WHAT HE HAD TO DO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And oof yea! That was like oh no
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: IM NOT CRYING YOURE CRYING 
OK I LIED WERE CRYING
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://www.buzzfeed.com/shylawatson/avengers-endgame-spoilers-no-context-tweets?utm_source=dynamic&utm_campaign=bfsharefacebook&ref=mobile_share
Evie (Katheryne Knight): I love these spoilers without contexts
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://orgmastron.tumblr.com/post/184552325992/adulthoodisokay-finalfantasyvii-heres-your
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Oh yea so I was just randomly thinking of things about this movie again and a statement I will never let die is... Clint and Natasha aren't a thing why?? They are in the comics and even in the movies there's so much connection between them that I can see being romantic. Clint wtf... why you got a whole 'nother family?? D: ~~forever salty they made her get with Bruce kinda and not Clint lol~~
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oh same
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like the tension in that scene was insane
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and theyve always obviously had a thing
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like Im sorry... everytime they are together there's just kldsk;lfkadf WHY
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): why did they give clint a family
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i honestly thought they were gonna kiss on the mountain
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Like I have proof they were a thing in the comics too. I legit own the comic of them kissing on the cover XD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): before they started fighting over who gets to kill themselves like fucking edgelords
Rebecca (madameterralupus): And right??? I was liek please. Satisfy me but nooo
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Forever salty over no Clint x Natasha in the movie universe but that we got Bruce x Natasha instead.. 🤢  which made no sense
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): that was so dumb
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was so mad
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Saaammmee. It was also weeeeiirrd
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "hey big guy"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/steve-carell-no-please-no-gif-5026106
Rebecca (madameterralupus): BIG MOOD
Rebecca (madameterralupus): https://tenor.com/view/dry-heave-throw-up-vomit-gross-ew-gif-4726988
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LmAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): SAME
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Me everytime she said that...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): what movie was that
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): when it first showed up
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i remember the scene perfectly
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): because my emotions were so high
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I dont even know anymore... nor do I want to know...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was immediately disgusted
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and just like ready to fucking riot
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I think Age of Ultron?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): https://tenor.com/view/vine-is-this-allowed-what-the-fuck-wtf-making-out-gif-11956583
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Age of Ultron was a mistake
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): shit dude it sure was
Erik (Red Riot Thot): The only good part was Thor becoming an expert on the Infinity Stones
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I don't remember much of Age of Ultron... but I know it wasn't my fave one
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and Scarlet Witch with her ever changing accent
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It was iffy to me
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ohh yee that was the movie we got introduced to them right?
Erik (Red Riot Thot): It's just the Avengers fighting robotic James Spader
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ye we got the twins and then Quicksilver died
Erik (Red Riot Thot): and we got Vision
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO I FORGOT WE HAD A QUICKSILVER
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): fjklfhjklasdf
Erik (Red Riot Thot): yeah!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): We were robbed on Quicksilver and I'm still mad. I liekd him 😦
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Kickass!
Rebecca (madameterralupus): But yee we did get Wanda and Vision from that soo at least a good thing there lol
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I love those two
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Yeah! Quicksilver!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LOL
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): god i wanna cosplay kickass now
Rebecca (madameterralupus): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): also spy kids
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I didn't really understand the Wanda/Vision romance though
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was convinced he thought he was her dad until infinity war
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): It was different but I liked them together so 🤷
Erik (Red Riot Thot): kind of random, but not as random as Nat/Bruce
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): *gags*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I wish they just left out the romances in most of these films
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol Vision and Wanda is much better than Nat and Bruce lol
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): steve and peggy are an exception
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ YES
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Tony and Pepper are acceptable
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and i will fight for them for the rest of my life
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Valid that too
Erik (Red Riot Thot): And Steve and Peggy yes
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Tony/Pepper
Steve/Peggy

Perfect. They can remain. No issues
Erik (Red Riot Thot): That was one of the things that made Ragnarok great was that there was no love story
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ~~i mean...loki def fucked grandmaster~~
Erik (Red Riot Thot): well... yeah
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 😂
Erik (Red Riot Thot): sex doesn't necessarily mean love tho
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ok valid
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): you right
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I liked Clint and his family, but I do think he and Nat would have been good
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): his family grew on me
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): but when they introduced them i was like "NO."
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like, they had that chemistry and sexual tension and then all of a sudden "we're going to a secret undisclosed location to lay low... HEY KIDS!"
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Yee his family is cute I liked through time. I just liek WHAT when we first met them. I was like i'm sorry your wife isn't Natasha?!
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ^
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): exactly
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): "aunt nat"
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:legasp:501968781883605002>
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Don't you lie to me. I bet one of you fuckers is her kid...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Listen her kids, you know damn well your daddy and aunt Nat screwed at some point
Erik (Red Riot Thot): ~~she can't have kids though~~
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Shhh we'll find a way XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://giphy.com/gifs/editingandlayout-VHW0X0GEQQjiU
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Exactly XD
Erik (Red Riot Thot): so apparently Howard the Duck was in the scene where everyone is transported back
Mark (Mad Doctor): Worst. Easter egg. Ever.
Mark (Mad Doctor): Or best.
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Lol whaaa
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): pls no howard the duck movie
Erik (Red Riot Thot): He was at the end of Guardians 2? But I was doing some reading and apparently he had a cameo as part of the mass of people that came back
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): oof
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://sheepfulsheepyard.tumblr.com/post/184470533501/wow-the-fact-that-the-russo-brothers-hate-how
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Interesting analysis
Erik (Red Riot Thot): As funny as Dad-bod Thor was, it was a little upsetting to see him like that
Mark (Mad Doctor): Fair points here
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): valid
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): im really upset how they treated thor in endgame specifically
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i really hate fat bastard thor
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like it was funny for the first scene but I was really hoping he'd really get his shit together once he decided to help
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i was extremely upset by the part with rocket
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): in asgard
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): where rocket begged thor to help him so he could see his family again and help a lot of other people
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and thor ran away
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and rocket had to do it himself
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): like it took a lot for rocket to get that desperate
Mark (Mad Doctor): Agreed. Lived the fortnite scene. But dragging out the comic buffoonery completely undercut Thor's arc
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): and then for thor... who was established as a well rounded and emotional and smart guy in ragnarok just ...LEFT him???
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): unrealistic, bad writing for thor
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): give back ragnarok thor, thanks
Erik (Red Riot Thot): https://wegotthiscovered.com/movies/chris-hemsworth-reportedly-returning-sticking-mcu-phase/
Erik (Red Riot Thot): please let this be true
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: He's a guardian now it's fine
Evie (Katheryne Knight): MCU PHASE 4 what??
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Ye!
Evie (Katheryne Knight): WNAT
Evie (Katheryne Knight): W h a t
Evie (Katheryne Knight): AAAAAAJHHHHHH
Evie (Katheryne Knight): AaaaaaAAH
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Why am I like not up on the times
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
