Rebecca (madameterralupus): Instantly mutes this until I can fucking find time to see it XD ~~Hopefully soon. Ack~~
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): Second!!!2
Mark (Mad Doctor): Here's the form. I'm going to go on a limb and say that everyone lives except Steve, Nebula, Loki and the Ancient One (I think Loki is alive, but we won't see him in Endgame). Thanos will be defeated but not outright killed
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: I actually think caps gonna bite the dust 
And Tony will survive
Hal [Mobiusmelt Cosplay]: Bucky will take up caps mantel and Tony with retire 
For real
Mark (Mad Doctor): I agree 100%. Would like the two actors to pick up Stan Lees cameo bit in future films
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I say Cap won't live as much as I want him to.. just cause I know in the comics he dies at some point and Bucky takes his place as Cap. That and I am P sure Chris Evans said he's done with Cap after this 😦
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): -cries into my cap cosplay-
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ^ Same
Rebecca (madameterralupus): ~~cries into all my cap merch cause oof nooo~~
Marisa (お前はもう死んでいる): I think Ireland will win but Krum gets the snitch
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Caps def dying, i think loki is actually dead, and i think vision might also die for good unless he gets the stone back
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Guys idk when I'm even seeing this yet and Im not ready.. T_T
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): i think cap marvel will reverse the snap, but then thanos will get the gauntlet back and cap will sacrifice himself
Rebecca (madameterralupus): Ya'll get to suffer through it this weekend and heal over time... imma have to be suffering for a bit more until I can figure out when we can see it D:
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): .....there also might have to be the law of equivalent exchange for gamora to be brought back since she wasnt part of the snap
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): maybe nebula dies
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): boubtful
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): or thanos dies for good
Rebecca (madameterralupus): <:pyrrhascream:378296738160574465>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): I think everyone lives and nothing bad happens ever
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Erik is the beacon of hope for us all
Erik (Red Riot Thot): 
Erik (Red Riot Thot): In all honesty, we know Ant Man will be sacrificing himself...
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Is it a sacrifice if hes into it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): <:lenny:456549338026344489>
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Like... *really up in there...*
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Just
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Really deep into it
Mark (Mad Doctor): Hoping for a post credits scene that connects the MCU to the X-Men franchise. Though I am less than excited for Dark Phoenix
Georgia (Something Sensible): Wow am I in the minority for tony dying?
Georgia (Something Sensible): He’s the first one shown in the trailer, he’s not shown in Spider-Man homecoming, and RDJ is allegedly the only one to read the script all the way through
Georgia (Something Sensible): My money is on tony getting ganked, cap surviving, thanos getting killed (duh) and the rest of the avengers surviving
Georgia (Something Sensible): And the bois from infinity war get un-Snapple’s
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: Oh I think Tony dies
Anna [LOUD BLONDE]: He's lived this long already
Georgia (Something Sensible): There’s no more story to tell for Ironman
Georgia (Something Sensible): He’s done
Georgia (Something Sensible): Like there was no story left to tell for Pyrrha once the fall maiden thin
Georgia (Something Sensible): (I think there was but RT didn’t lol)
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I printed out the sheet earlier and did it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): I think Tony and cap both die
Georgia (Something Sensible): I feel like cap dying is just too much loss of hope
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Cap definitely dies
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Like no question about it because he dies in the comics and also chris Evan's did a goodbye letter to the franchise
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): So unless they're just psyching us out
Georgia (Something Sensible): _that could be a fake out_
Georgia (Something Sensible): I know hulk is okay cause there’s been some talk of more Bruce banner appearances
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But like ... why? Because cap has no purpose anymore either LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Which sucks cause hes my favorite
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): But like... what more is there for him?
Georgia (Something Sensible): IDK FAM my vibes aren’t feelin it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Bucky has to take over xD
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): CIVIL WAR
Georgia (Something Sensible): They could both take over and make avengers a buddy cop franchise
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): LMAO
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): 21 jump street where everything is the same except is Tony and Steve
Georgia (Something Sensible): That would make the “you slept with the boss’s daughter scene that much better”
Georgia (Something Sensible): _nick fury_
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): Omg
Georgia (Something Sensible): I’m gonna print out that sheet too lemme pin it
Georgia (Something Sensible): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): Also they made tony look like
Georgia (Something Sensible): Mufasa when he appears in the sky in lion king
Georgia (Something Sensible): “Remember who you are... bitch”
Georgia (Something Sensible): That gives me death vibes too
Georgia (Something Sensible): Ahhhh 23 hours from now I’ll be watching Endgame
