Erik (Red Riot Thot): Thor 4: The Lost Keg
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Thor 4: Waititi completely erases the butchering of Thor's character development in Infinity War and Endgame
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Hot take, I don't think Thor's character was completely butchered in Infinity War and End Game.
At the end of Ragnarok, yes, his character development was superb: learning to use his power without relying on his hammer, taking on the responsibility of leading Asgard and learning that "it's not a place, it's a people". Major confidence and character boost for him.
Infinity War begins with their ship being overtaken by Thanos so it's Thor who is the first of any of the Avengers to interact with him. He watches his people get slaughtered, his brother get brutally murdered in front of his eyes, Hulk get taken down, and Heimdall killed all while he's restrained and can't do anything. He spends the movie getting Stormbreaker because even though he just learned to not have to rely on Mjolnir, he knows he's gonna need that extra boost of power to take on Thanos. (The one thing that I know was considered to be loss of development was him getting the bionic eye rather than continue with the eye patch, to which I don't really have any good reason for) He gets back to Earth and is kicking ass. Thanos is one stone away and cuts through all of the other Avengers like butter. Thor comes in at the last second, slamming Stormbreaker into his chest, driving it in deeper, thinking he was able to stop him only to be the last one to see him before the snap.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): .
Erik (Red Riot Thot): Fast forward to End Game, he's the one to drive the killing blow to Thanos because he is broken inside. Thanos' words "You should have gone for the head" ringing in his brain because he knows had he done that, he could have prevented the snap and saved everyone who vanished. So at this point, despite everything that happened in Ragnarok, he is broken and goes into a depression which resulted in him binge eating and drinking which is a very relatable thing for some people. My only qualm is that I wish they didn't make him as much the comic relief for getting fat. His new struggle is regaining any sort of confidence which he ends up finding after speaking with his mother one last time, realizing he's "still worthy" and goes back to finish the job and then discovers that all his life he was living up to other peoples' expectations only to realize that he should live up to his own expectations and be the person *he* wants to be rather than who everyone *expects* him to be.

The first time I watched End Game, I was upset with what they did to him, but after reading some commentary and watching it a second time, I really started to see why they did what they did. I’m really interested to see where they take his character in Thor 4 (and Guardians 3 if he is in that as well).
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I'm a fan of fat thor and didn't find the look offensive, and I have *literally* that body type.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): *Just don't need a fat suit to pull it off* <:pewish:420824457918152704>
Mark (Mad Doctor): At last, a Thor I can cosplay.
I agree with Erik in that I didn't like how Thor's low point was played for laughs. It undercut the serious emotional arc he was on. If Guardians 3 or Thor 4 follow the path of Iron Man 3 and just deals  with Thor getting his Asgardian shit together, I'll be happy
Georgia (Something Sensible): Yeah I don’t really care for Thor’s suffering to be taken as comic relief
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Yes that was my issue. Like I am all for bigger Thor but I felt like his suffering wasn't taken seriously im Endgame.
Erik (Red Riot Thot): However, I think fat Thor was also a critique on physical body expectations of male actors. Like, most movies these days, all the guys have to work out to have these beautiful physiques, so like, what happens when one of the world's most attractive male actors puts on a lot of weight?
