Rebecca (madameterralupus): I was looking up fanart of Genderbent Sun Wukong for how I wanna do the hair when I style my wig... and this came up. OMG I CAN'T 😂
Monica (absolutezerocosplay): The things people draw...
Jamie (Jamie): There is so much porn drawn of momma belladonna it aint funny. Beware how far one scrolls when searching her name on Google images lmao
Rebecca (madameterralupus): I only ever fine fan art of her being sexual with Sun. Like never her own husband XD 
And like it's never any of the other parents being sexual with one of the "kids" XDD
Erik (slendergiant): I've stumbled across Ghira x Oscar... it was uncomfortable
Evie (Katheryne Knight): Y i k e s
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): I know she's an angel but those look more like dragon
Rebecca (madameterralupus): 
Jess (whoozica): <@245270932602486784>  am I borrowing your wig or are you borrowing my costume? ~~or both~~
Tom (tomukuncosplay): 🙌
Tom (tomukuncosplay): This pairing confuses me but I'm SO hear for it
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): same tom
Georgia (Something Sensible): BOTH BOTH
Georgia (Something Sensible): Jaune as 9S though
Georgia (Something Sensible): I'm already crying
Georgia (Something Sensible): OH YEAH LEANNA I started playing Nier lmao
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): OH MY GOD YES GOOD DO YOU LIKE IT?
Georgia (Something Sensible): YE I just finished the desert one
Georgia (Something Sensible): I think that's level 2
Tom (tomukuncosplay): You just caught Adam for the first time right?
Leanna (Lipstickgiraffe): ahhhhhhhh im so glad ; u ; everyone should play it, its SO good
Georgia (Something Sensible): YE I fought that OP little bitch
Georgia (Something Sensible): I was dodging for days
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Do we just gather all the rwby nier art?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Rwby 3.0 guy did a bunch.
Georgia (Something Sensible): WAIT who's A2 in RWBY Nier?
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Not direct crossovers, they didn’t do JNPR either.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): Gimme a s3c
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): I can’t find the rwby and 2b one in the mess that is my rwby fan art folder.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): But similar effect.
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): And bonus for your Georgia
Bill 📷 (tlt_wm): 
Georgia (Something Sensible): i have that one!
